Michalka has been playing the piano since she was four and started playing the guitar in her early teens.
She started acting when she was five years old, mostly in church play productions.
Michalka was in a number of musical productions at her school in Milwaukee as a young adult.
She plays a variety of instruments such as acoustic guitar, electric guitar, piano, and bongos.
In May 2015, it was announced that she would be a series regular for the show's upcoming third season.
In July 2014, she and her sister, Aly Michalka filmed an untitled drama in Laurel Canyon, California.
 Aarti Mann Aarti Majumdar , better known by her stage name Aarti Mann, is an American actress of Indian origin.
Mann's father, who was also a physician, died while she was in high school.
Mann's brother Nishad is a journalist and her sister Kruti helped influence her decision to switch to acting.
Mann currently lives in Los Angeles with her daughter Nikita and her husband Purvesh, who works in finance. 
On the recording her songs were performed by Eileen Rodgers; Lane later recorded her songs on a solo album.
She appeared on the shows of Red Skelton, Dean Martin and Jack Benny without attracting controversy, however.
She has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6381 Hollywood Boulevard for her contribution to television. 
She became interested in acting after watching a Shirley Temple movie marathon in the third grade.
She built her acting experience in high school before moving to Los Angeles to book a number of stage productions.
Brammell was born in Kentucky, and raised in San Antonio, Texas, where she graduated from Churchill High School in 1997.
Dalton has three children by her marriage to Jack Smith , including actress Kathleen Kinmont.
Jack Kruschen and Anthony George guest starred with Dalton in this episode as Sam Bolt and Padre John, respectively.
As the show premiered on September 15, 1962, Dalton and Bishop are shown as newlyweds Ellie and Joey Barnes.
In the show, Julia is the daughter of Angela Channing and the mother of Lance Cumson .
She returned sporadically during the fifth and sixth seasons, but did not reappear after 1986.
Spencer was born and raised in Gulf Breeze, Florida, the daughter of Lydia Ann and surfer Yancy Spencer III.
She was nominated for a Madrid International Film Festival Award for Best Actress for her performance in film.
Moore's parents named her Abra after the heroine of John Steinbeck's East of Eden.
In doing so, he preserved the Union, abolished slavery, strengthened the federal government, and modernized the economy.
Born in Hodgenville, Kentucky, Lincoln grew up on the western frontier in Kentucky and Indiana.
In 1860, Lincoln secured the Republican Party presidential nomination as a moderate from a swing state.
With very little support in the slaveholding states of the South, he swept the North and was elected president in 1860.
Lincoln has been consistently ranked both by scholars and the public as one of the three greatest U.S. presidents.
He is a descendant of Samuel Lincoln, who migrated from Norfolk, England to Hingham, Massachusetts, in 1638.
His children, including six-year-old Thomas, the future president's father, witnessed the attack.
In 1811 the family relocated eight miles north, to Knob Creek Farm, where Thomas acquired title to of land.
In 1815 a claimant in another land dispute sought to eject the family from the farm.
Of the 816.5 acres that Thomas held in Kentucky, he lost all but of his land in court disputes over property titles.
During the family's years in Kentucky and Indiana, Thomas Lincoln worked as a farmer, cabinetmaker, and carpenter.
Within a year of the family's arrival in Indiana, Thomas claimed title to of Indiana land.
Traveling down the Sangamon River, he ended up in the village of New Salem in Sangamon County.
She died at the age of 22 on August 25, 1835, most likely of typhoid fever.
In the early 1830s, he met Mary Owens from Kentucky when she was visiting her sister.
Late in 1836, Lincoln agreed to a match with Mary if she returned to New Salem.
On August 16, 1837, Lincoln wrote Mary a letter suggesting he would not blame her if she ended the relationship.
In 1840, Lincoln became engaged to Mary Todd, who was from a wealthy slave-holding family in Lexington, Kentucky.
They met in Springfield, Illinois, in December 1839 and were engaged the following December.
A wedding set for January 1, 1841, was canceled when the two broke off their engagement at Lincoln's initiative.
They later met again at a party and married on November 4, 1842, in the Springfield mansion of Mary's married sister.
In 1844, the couple bought a house in Springfield near Lincoln's law office.
Mary Todd Lincoln kept house, often with the help of a relative or hired servant girl.
Lincoln's father-in-law and others of the Todd family were either slave owners or slave traders.
Lincoln was close to the Todds, and he and his family occasionally visited the Todd estate in Lexington.
He was an affectionate, though often absent, husband and father of four children.
In 1832, at age 23, Lincoln and a partner bought a small general store on credit in New Salem, Illinois.
Although the economy was booming in the region, the business struggled and Lincoln eventually sold his share.
That March he began his political career with his first campaign for the Illinois General Assembly.
Before the election, Lincoln served as a captain in the Illinois Militia during the Black Hawk War.
Following his return, Lincoln continued his campaign for the August 6 election for the Illinois General Assembly.
Lincoln finished eighth out of 13 candidates , though he received 277 of the 300 votes cast in the New Salem precinct.
Lincoln served as New Salem's postmaster and later as county surveyor, all the while reading voraciously.
In the 1835–36 legislative session, he voted to expand suffrage to white males, whether landowners or not.
In 1846, Lincoln was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives, where he served one two-year term.
Lincoln later regretted some of his statements, especially his attack on the presidential war-making powers.
The administration offered him the consolation prize of secretary or governor of the Oregon Territory.
As a riverboat man, Lincoln initially favored those interests, but ultimately represented whoever hired him.
In 1849, he received a patent for a flotation device for the movement of boats in shallow water.
The idea was never commercialized, but Lincoln is the only president to hold a patent.
The decision by the Illinois Supreme Court has been cited by numerous other courts in the nation.
From 1853 to 1860, another of Lincoln's largest clients was the Illinois Central Railroad.
Lincoln disapproved of slavery, and the spread of slavery to new U.S. territory in the west.
In 1857–1858, Douglas broke with President James Buchanan, leading to a fight for control of the Democratic Party.
Lincoln denounced the decision, alleging it was the product of a conspiracy of Democrats to support the Slave Power.
I do not expect the Union to be dissolved—I do not expect the house to fall—but I do expect it will cease to be divided.
The debates had an atmosphere of a prize fight and drew crowds in the thousands.
On May 9–10, 1860, the Illinois Republican State Convention was held in Decatur.
A former Democrat, Hannibal Hamlin of Maine, was nominated for Vice President to balance the ticket.
Instead, he monitored the campaign closely and relied on the enthusiasm of the Republican Party.
Lincoln received 1,866,452 votes, Douglas 1,376,957 votes, Breckinridge 849,781 votes, and Bell 588,789 votes.
Turnout was 82.2 percent, with Lincoln winning the free Northern states, as well as California and Oregon.
Bell won Virginia, Tennessee, and Kentucky, and Breckinridge won the rest of the South.
The upper South and border states listened to, but initially rejected, the secessionist appeal.
Lincoln was open to the possibility of a constitutional convention to make further amendments to the Constitution.
En route to his inauguration by train, Lincoln addressed crowds and legislatures across the North.
On February 23, 1861, he arrived in disguise in Washington, D.C., which was placed under substantial military guard.
By March 1861, no leaders of the insurrection had proposed rejoining the Union on any terms.
Meanwhile, Lincoln and the Republican leadership agreed that the dismantling of the Union could not be tolerated.
North Carolina, Tennessee, and Arkansas also voted for secession over the next two months.
Secession sentiment was strong in Missouri and Maryland, but did not prevail; Kentucky tried to be neutral.
Lincoln continued the army policy that the writ was suspended in limited areas despite the Ex parte Merryman ruling.
The war effort was the source of continued disparagement of Lincoln, and dominated his time and attention.
In practice, the law had little effect, but it did signal political support for abolishing slavery in the Confederacy.
After Lincoln acted, Union enlistments from Maryland, Kentucky, and Missouri increased by over 40,000 troops.
Lincoln resolved the issue by releasing the two men and war was successfully averted with Britain.
Lincoln painstakingly monitored the telegraphic reports coming into the War Department in Washington, D.C.
Stanton was a staunchly Unionist pro-business conservative Democrat who moved toward the Radical Republican faction.
Nevertheless, he worked more often and more closely with Lincoln than any other senior official.
Not only had Burnside been defeated on the battlefield, but his soldiers were disgruntled and undisciplined.
Lincoln brought in Joseph Hooker, despite his record of loose talk about the need for a military dictatorship.
The Republicans did maintain their majorities in Congress and in the major states, except New York.
Hooker was routed by Lee at the Battle of Chancellorsville in May, but continued to command his troops for some weeks.
Even so, he often continued to give detailed directions to his generals as Commander-in-Chief.
On June 19, 1862, endorsed by Lincoln, Congress passed an act banning slavery on all federal territory.
In that month, Lincoln discussed a draft of the Emancipation Proclamation with his cabinet.
Privately, Lincoln concluded at this point that the slave base of the Confederacy had to be eliminated.
For some time, Lincoln continued earlier plans to set up colonies for the newly freed slaves.
By the spring of 1863, Lincoln was ready to recruit black troops in more than token numbers.
The stage was set for his address at the Gettysburg battlefield cemetery on November 19, 1863.
He defined the war as an effort dedicated to these principles of liberty and equality for all.
Lincoln concluded that the Civil War had a profound objective: a new birth of freedom in the nation.
Nevertheless, Lincoln was concerned that Grant might be considering a candidacy for President in 1864, as McClellan was.
Grant's army moved south, crossed the James River, forcing a siege and trench warfare outside Petersburg, Virginia.
Lincoln then made an extended visit to Grant's headquarters at City Point, Virginia.
Lincoln and the Republican Party mobilized support for the draft throughout the North, and replaced the Union losses.
Grant's move to Petersburg resulted in the obstruction of three railroads between Richmond and the South.
Confederate general Jubal Anderson Early began a series of assaults in the North that threatened the Capital.
After repeated calls on Grant to defend Washington, Sheridan was appointed and the threat from Early was dispatched.
As Grant continued to wear down Lee's forces, efforts to discuss peace began.
Confederate Vice President Stephens led a group to meet with Lincoln, Seward, and others at Hampton Roads.
On April 9, Lee surrendered to Grant at Appomattox and the war was effectively over.
Lincoln provided Grant with more troops and mobilized his party to renew its support of Grant in the war effort.
In it, he deemed the high casualties on both sides to be God's will.
Lincoln's appointments were designed to keep both the moderate and Radical factions in harness.
By December 1863, a proposed constitutional amendment that would outlaw slavery was brought to Congress for passage.
Passage of the proposed amendment became part of the Republican/Unionist platform in the election of 1864.
Upon ratification, it became the Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution on December 6, 1865.
The law assigned land for a lease of three years with the ability to purchase title for the freedmen.
Shortly before his assassination, Lincoln announced he had a new plan for southern Reconstruction.
The Civil War was a significant force in the eventual dominance of the singular usage by the end of the 19th century.
His position gained strength because he highlighted the moral basis of republicanism, rather than its legalisms.
Burton argues that Lincoln's republicanism was taken up by the Freedmen as they were emancipated.
In March 1861, in Lincoln's first inaugural address, he explored the nature of democracy.
In 1861, Lincoln signed the second and third Morrill Tariff, the first having become law under James Buchanan.
Also in 1861, Lincoln signed the Revenue Act of 1861, creating the first U.S. income tax.
Lincoln also presided over the expansion of the federal government's economic influence in several other areas.
In 1862, Congress created, with Lincoln's approval, the Department of Agriculture.
Lincoln is largely responsible for the institution of the Thanksgiving holiday in the United States.
In 1863, Lincoln declared the final Thursday in November of that year to be a day of Thanksgiving.
Lincoln appointed no judges to the United States circuit courts during his time in office.
Nevada, which became the third State in the far-west of the continent, was admitted as a free state on October 31, 1864.
In 1864, Booth formulated a plan to kidnap Lincoln in exchange for the release of Confederate prisoners.
At the last minute, Grant decided to go to New Jersey to visit his children instead of attending the play.
Lincoln's bodyguard, John Parker, left Ford's Theater during intermission to drink at the saloon next door.
After being on the run for 12 days, Booth was tracked down and found on a farm in Virginia, some south of Washington.
After refusing to surrender to Union troops, Booth was killed by Sergeant Boston Corbett on April 26.
Doctor Charles Leale, an Army surgeon, found the President unresponsive, barely breathing and with no detectable pulse.
After remaining in a coma for nine hours, Lincoln died at 7:22 am on April 15.
President Johnson was sworn in at 10:00 am, less than 3 hours after Lincoln's death.
The late President lay in state in the East Room, and then in the Capitol Rotunda from April 19 through April 21.
As a young man, Lincoln was a religious skeptic, or, in the words of a biographer, an iconoclast.
However, he was deeply familiar with the Bible, and he both quoted and praised it.
When he suffered the death of his son Edward, Lincoln more frequently expressed a need to depend on God.
The death of his son Willie in February 1862 may have caused Lincoln to look toward religion for answers and solace.
After Willie's death, Lincoln considered why, from a divine standpoint, the severity of the war was necessary.
On the day Lincoln was assassinated, he reportedly told his wife he desired to visit the Holy Land.
DNA analysis is so far being refused by the Grand Army of the Republic museum in Philadelphia.
Franklin D. Roosevelt, although Lincoln and Washington, and Washington and Roosevelt, are occasionally reversed.
President Lincoln's assassination increased his status to the point of making him a national martyr.
Many, though not all, in the South considered Lincoln as a man of outstanding ability.
The high point came in 1922 with the dedication of the Lincoln Memorial on the Mall in Washington.
Today's U.S. President, however, seems to be promoting a sympathetic resurgence for his predecessor, Lincoln.
Indeed, President Obama, has insisted on using Lincoln's Bible for his swearing in of office at both his inaugurations.
Lincoln's portrait appears on two denominations of United States currency, the penny and the $5 bill.
Acquanetta started her career as a model in New York City with Harry Conover and John Robert Powers.
She retired from movies and became a disk jockey for radio station KPOL in Los Angeles, CA in 1953.
She did not smoke, and did not drink alcohol, tea, or coffee.
Adair has also been involved with modeling in fashion shows and has been hired multiple times for photo shoots.
Adair once stated that she may sign up for a professional modeling school once she gets more acting jobs.

 Adamae Vaughn Adamae Vaughn , also billed as Ada Mae Vaughn, was a movie actress, born in Ashland, Kentucky.
In September 1929, she was a member of a Warner Brothers review featuring sisters who were actresses.
She married Albert R. Hindman, a Los Angeles, California businessman, in May 1926.
He was also known as Viscount D'Anvray and came from a noble family in Anvray, France.
Vaughn died at Hollywood Hospital in Studio City, California in 1943, aged 37, from undisclosed causes. 


 Adele Blood Adele Mary Blood was an American actress in silent movies, vaudeville, and theater.
She was born on April 23, 1886 in San Francisco, California to Ira E. Blood and Frances Emma Stewart.
As a youth, she was a talented equestrienne, had an interest in fashion, and admired the theater.
In the latter she was with the stock company of Edward Davis, her first husband.
Davis was a clergyman-actor who was formerly the pastor of the First Christian Church in Oakland, California.
Davis responded by naming Governor Earl Brewer of Mississippi as co-respondent in counter charges against Blood.
She finally won her divorce suit after which she left on a tour of the Orient.
During her vaudeville tours Blood was on stage in most of the prominent cities in the United States.
Blood eventually eschewed both wealth and social position because she believed it led to a philosophy of pessimism.
She returned to the stage by accepting an offer from the Oriental company of Tim Frawley.
She died a few hours later at the United Hospital in Port Chester, New York.
Dawn told police that her mother had been financially pressed and worried excessively in the previous two weeks.
She financed a summer stock company and leased the auditorium of the Bronxville High School for plays.
In 1908, when pictures were looked at with a bit of apprehension, DeGarde began to appear in Vitagraph Studios.
Many a Bunny comedy and many a Williams drama have been lightened effectively because of the two irrepressible ones.
And so the years flew, until DeGarde had outgrown even these kinds of parts.
Born in Brooklyn, New York, Farrington appeared in 74 films during her career between 1914 and 1926.
She was a relatively old actress for the silent film era, being 47 at the beginning of her film career.
Her husband was film director and actor Hobart Bosworth, in whose films she also often appeared.
They divorced and Bosworth remarried to a younger woman and had a small child by 1920.
Born in Brooklyn, New York, Jergens' birth date is sometimes listed as 1922.
In the early 1940s, she worked as a Rockette, and was named the Number One Showgirl in New York City.
Jergens and husband Glenn Langan remained married until his death from lymphoma, on January 26, 1991, at age 73.
Their only child, actor Tracy Langan, died of a brain tumor, in 2001.

 Adelle August Adelle August , born Adele M. Slaybough, was an American movie actress.
In 1952 she graduated from Highline High School, and was crowned Miss Washington USA the same year.
Her father, Guido Caselotti , was an immigrant from Udine, and worked as a teacher of music and a vocal coach.
Her mother, Maria Orefice , from Naples, was a singer in the Royal Opera Theatre of Rome.
When Caselotti was seven years old, her family left Connecticut for Italy while her mother toured with an opera company.
Caselotti was educated at an Italian convent, San Getulio, near Rome, while her mother performed in the opera.
When her family returned to New York three years later, Caselotti relearned English and studied singing with her father.
Later in life, she sold autographs and also made an attempt at an opera career .
Her first husband was Robert Chard, a local theater ticket broker whom she married in 1945.
The same year, she was married to a podiatrist, Dr. Joseph Dana Costigan, who later died in 1982.
Caselotti married her last husband, Florian St. Pierre, a retired postal employee, in 1989 and later divorced.
On January 18, 1997, Caselotti died of respiratory failure from lung cancer at her Los Angeles home. 

Lenox, who is from Tennessee, attended Lambuth College in Jackson, Tennessee and has a degree in Drama.
She won the Tony Award, Best Performance by a Featured Actress in a Play, for this performance.
Adrianna León was born in San Diego, California; she is of Ecuadorian, Puerto Rican, Italian and Canadian descent.
She is a descendant of the Borgia family and is also a relative of the former Vice Mayor of Puerto Rico.
Her family was a very influencing family in Riobamba, the city were her father was from.
After completing the seventh grade, León was home schooled by her mother and then rapidly advanced through high school.
She formed Caught Crimson with the help of Murray Yates, lead vocalist of the Canadian rock band Forty Foot Echo.
Johnson graduated with honors in 1985 from Spelman College, the all-female college in Atlanta, Georgia.
She is a past Miss Maroon & White and the first Miss Collegiate Black America.
Born Adrienne Ruth McClure in Fort Worth, Texas, Ames began her film career in 1927 as a stand-in for Pola Negri.
With the advent of talking pictures, Ames' popularity grew and she was usually cast as society women, or in musicals.
By the end of the decade Ames' popularity had diminished and, discouraged, she left Hollywood for New York.
In 1941 she became a radio personality, headlining a talk show on station WHN in New York City.
Her program was successful, and was scheduled regularly until just before her death in 1947.
Ames was married three times, including to actor Bruce Cabot from 1933 until 1937.
Ames died of cancer of the hip on May 31, 1947 in New York City.
She is interred in the Oakwood Cemetery in her hometown of Fort Worth, Texas.
 Adrienne Barbeau Adrienne Jo Barbeau is an American actress and the author of three books.
Her mother was of Armenian descent and her father's ancestry included French-Canadian, Irish, and German.
I think many, many people related to Bea's character, in that way.
The popularity of Barbeau's 1978 cheesecake poster confirmed her status as a sex symbol.
She also worked as a television talk show host and a weekly book reviewer for KABC talk radio in Los Angeles.
doing the voice of villainess Helga Von Guggen in seasons 1, 2 and 4.
Her scene was cut from the theatrical version of the film but is included in the DVD version.
He buys a cardboard cut-out of her, and she guest stars at the end of the episode.
 Adrienne Ellis Adrienne Ellis is an American-Canadian actress, and the mother of actress Laurie Holden.
After her divorce from him, she married in 1977 British film director Michael Anderson .

The stalker drew on some of her paintings, and tried to break the door down in her apartment.
Shaken by the experience, she decided to take a break from acting and focus on painting.
Adrienne Wilkinson is best known for her role of Eve, the sometimes-warrior-sometimes-saint daughter of Xena on '.
Wilkinson had a guest role on the animated ' series, as Daughter, the personification of the Light side of the Force.
Wilkinson is also known for her charity works which includes a focus on literacy programs, animal welfare and children.
Her website hosts an annual charity auction each year which helps to support families dealing with medical expenses.
Season one wrapped in October 2014, and the channel is currently on hiatus with season 2 expected in 2015. 

 Agency for the Modernisation of Ukraine The Agency for Modernising Ukraine is a nongovernmental organization.
She was born in San Francisco, California and died in Santa Monica, California. 
 Agnes Ayres Agnes Ayres was an American actress who rose to fame during the silent film era.
Born as Agnes Eyre Henkel in Carbondale, Illinois to Solon and Emma Henkel on April 4, 1898.
She had an older brother, Solon William Henkel, who was a decade her senior.
After moving to New York City with her mother to pursue a career in acting, Ayres was spotted by actress Alice Joyce.
Ayres' career began to gain momentum when Paramount Pictures founder Jesse Lasky began to take an interest in her.
By 1923, Ayres' career began to wane following the end of her relationship with Jesse Lasky.
In 1929, Ayres lost her fortune and real estate holdings in the Crash of ’29.
She died from a cerebral hemorrhage on December 25, 1940 at her home at the age of 42.
Her parents met in Hungary and immigrated to the U.S. in 1984 through a refugee camp in Italy.
Bruckner speaks some Russian and is fluent in Hungarian, having grown up speaking the language.
She returned with her family to Los Angeles to pursue an acting career, moving to Burbank, California.
Bruckner enjoys hip-hop and R&B as well as The Killers and The Fray.
Moorehead later shaved six years off her age by claiming to have been born in 1906.
Although her father did not discourage Moorehead's acting ambitions, he insisted that she obtain a formal education.
She later received an honorary doctorate in literature from Muskingum and served for a year on its board of trustees.
She found work in radio and was soon in demand, often working on several programs in a single day.
Moorehead met Orson Welles, and by 1937 was one of his principal Mercury Players, along with Joseph Cotten.
In 1939, Welles moved the Mercury Theatre to Hollywood, where he started working for RKO Pictures.
In 1952, she recorded an album of the drama, and performed scenes from the story in her one-woman show in the 1950s.
She later commented that she had not expected it to succeed and that she ultimately felt trapped by its success.
She expressed a fondness for the show's star, Elizabeth Montgomery, and said she had enjoyed working with her.
Moorehead also memorably supplied the voice of the friendly Mother Goose in Hanna-Barbera's 1973 adaptation of the E. B.
A number of articles have appeared in periodicals in the alternative press identifying her as a lesbian.
Moorehead was a staunch conservative Republican who believed in less government intervention and tax cuts.
The Touchdown Tavern in Reedsburg, Wisconsin, opened the Agnes Moorehead Lounge, exhibiting memorabilia.
She also left half of her manuscripts to Muskingum with the other half going to the University of Wisconsin.
The 51.5-kiloton shot was fired on April 25, 1953, and the 32.4-kiloton blast went off May 19.
Moorehead was one of the first members of the company to perceive a connection between the film and the fallout.
Moorehead began appearing on stage during her training at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts.
She continued acting in the theater throughout her career until just a few months before her death. 

She made a number of films in Australia, having been brought out there by Snowy Baker and E.J.
She was born in La Grande, Oregon and died in San Diego, California. 
Ahna may be most best known for her role in the Bruce Lee film: Enter The Dragon.
On August 9, 2010, Capri was involved in a car accident in which a 5-ton truck collided with her car.
After eleven days in a coma and on life support, she died on August 19 at the age of sixty-six. 
The film opened to positive reviews and became a box-office success with a worldwide gross of $211,608,112.
 Ahney Her Whitney Cua Her , better known by her stage name Ahney Her, is an American actress.
She plays Sue Lor, the intelligent, witty older sister of Thao Vang Lor, who was portrayed by Bee Vang.
She was 16 years old at the time of the film's opening in wide release on January 9, 2009.
She was cast in the film after responding to an open casting call sign-up at a soccer tournament.

 Aileen Pringle Aileen Pringle was an American stage and film actress during the silent film era.
The event was to be a birthday party organized by Hearst for film producer and director Thomas Ince.
She was prone to make witty, sometimes caustic, comments on Hollywood and her fellow actors.
Pringle's apparent disdain for her profession began to hurt her career, and by the late 1920s her roles became fewer.
During the sound era, she continued to take small parts in major films and even uncredited roles.
In 1944 Pringle married the author, James M. Cain, but the union lasted only two years and ended in divorce.
She graduated from Oak Knoll School of the Holy Child in Summit, New Jersey.
At the age of 18, Quinn decided to take some time off from acting and pursue higher education.
She attended Drew University in Madison, NJ, and graduated with honors in 1994.
It was written and directed by filmmaker Edna Harris and aired on PBS in 2004.
Quinn is an adjunct theater professor at Monmouth University in West Long Branch, New Jersey.
Quinn was also a Spanish, drama, and dance teacher at Hudson Catholic Regional High School in Jersey City, New Jersey. 

Carrero was born in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic and grew up in Miami, Florida.
She is an alumnus of Florida International University graduating in 2008 with a degree in International Relations.
 Aimee Graham Aimee Lynn Graham is an American actress, and the younger sister of actress Heather Graham.
 Aimee Mann Aimee Mann is an American rock singer, singer-songwriter, bassist and guitarist.
In 1983, Mann co-founded the new wave band 'Til Tuesday with Berklee classmate and boyfriend Michael Hausman .
In 1997, Mann married songwriter Michael Penn , whom she met in the 1980s.
In 2001, she joined the judging panel for The 1st Annual Independent Music Awards.
The following year Mann received a Grammy Award for Best Recording Package for the album's artwork .
In 2010, Mann joined The 9th Annual Independent Music Awards judging panel to promote independent musicians.
Teegarden was born and raised in Downey, California, a suburb of Los Angeles.
Teegarden has modeled for campaigns including Alltel, Hollister, Old Navy, Tommy Hilfiger, and YMI Jeans.
The show ran for five seasons from October 3, 2006 to February 9, 2011.
She was a member of Job's Daughters International and is a Past Honored Queen of Bethel No.
At age 16, she was photographed by Russ Meyer after he saw her in the newspaper.
She was terrified that someone would find out about her film career, and Meyer protected her anonymity.

Ubach was born in Downey, California, the daughter of Sidna and Rodolfo Ubach.
Her father was from San Juan, Puerto Rico, and her mother, raised in Los Angeles, was from Sinaloa, Mexico.
Alberta was buried next to her mother and father at Laurel Hill Cemetery in Erie, Pennsylvania on May 2, 2006.
He was buried at Laurel Hill Cemetery in Erie, Pennsylvania on July 1, 2007. 
 Alberta Vaughn Alberta Vaughn was an American actress in silent motion pictures and early Western sound films.
The production opened in San Francisco, California and co-starred Madge Bellamy and Judith Voselli.
Withers broke off the engagement after he discovered Vaughn went out with friends to nightclubs in New York.
On April 8, 1934, Vaughn wed assistant casting director Joseph Egil of Paramount Pictures.
She married a second time in 1948, this time to roofing contractor John R. Thompson.
A previous drunken charge, then pending, would have added an additional four months to her sentence.
The incident followed her release after serving eight months of a one-year sentence on the earlier instance.
She died in Studio City, California in 1992, aged 87, and was buried in Valhalla Memorial Park Cemetery. 
Since the age of 4, she has been active in television and print as a model.
Palladino was born in New York City, where she grew up and worked as an actress.
In 2012 Exitmusic released their full length album, Passage, on the indie label Secretly Canadian.
Alessandra Olivia Toreson was born on May 29, 1987 in Palo Alto, California.
Her mother, Marcia Glow, was a CEO, while her father, James Sylvester Toreson, ran startup tech companies.
At the age of 8, she landed a job doing interviews between cartoons on The WB Television Network.

A native of Deerfield, Illinois, Borstein is a graduate of San Francisco State University, where she studied rhetoric.
She originally joined the cast as a featured player, but was upgraded to the repertory mid-season.
Borstein is married to actor and writer Jackson Douglas, whom she met while studying improv at the ACME Comedy Theatre.
They have a son named Barnaby Borstein Douglas and a daughter named Henrietta Borstein Douglas . 
 Alex Datcher Cynthia Alex Datcher sometimes credited as Alex Datcher, is an American actress.
She has made many guest appearances on sitcoms and TV dramas; she also has numerous supporting roles in many movies.
McKenna started out as a child actress, who had small roles in movies and television shows.
In 1998, she was nominated for Best Performance in a TV Comedy Series in Young Artist Awards.
She played a teenager, who became addicted to heroin upon dropping out of college.
Rice was born into a Kanien'kehaka family in 1972 in Kahnawake, Quebec, and is proud of her heritage.
Her father was among a community of Mohawk ironworkers, who settled in what is now Boerum Hill.
She attended Dawson College and Concordia University in Montreal, where she earned a degree in library science.
Davalos spent most of her childhood in France and Italy, before settling in New York.
Her passion soon grew towards acting, and she attended the Off Broadway Flea Theater in New York.
Davalos is a close friend of actress Amanda Righetti, and was Righetti's bridesmaid at her wedding.
 Alexa Demara Alexa Demara is an American entrepreneur, actress, writer and martial artist.
Her careers and pursuits have led her to have an extremely large online following, originally on sites like MySpace.
Demara has a college degree in Marketing, and she received scholarships for her GPA in both high school and college.
Havins has made guest appearances in a number of television shows, as well as a number of independent films.
As a child and adolescent, she was raised in Chandler, Arizona, later attending Chandler High School.
At the age of five, she was already performing professionally with a jazz ensemble.
There, she attended the prestigious Circle in the Square Theatre School, where her love for acting would develop.
While in Los Angeles, California, Havins met and studied closely under the legendary acting coach Brian Reise.
The two have remained close friends, and he continues to be a mentor to her to this day.
Havins departed the show on October 8, 2007, to pursue other acting ventures.
On August 10, 2010, she and Bruening welcomed their first child, daughter Lexington Grace Bruening. 
Her parents divorced when she was young and her mother, actress Maya Kenin, married character actor John Ryan.
At the age of 17, Kenin and her mother moved to Los Angeles after her mother divorced John Ryan.
Born on 4 April 1992, in Chicago, Illinois, she has Greek origins.
She appeared in November 2012, and her character was killed off in February 2013.

Barreto was born on October 16, 1975 in Staten Island, New York, to a Puerto Rican father and an Italian mother.
They became engaged in December 2012, and married on October 20, 2013 in Oregon.
 Alexandra Bokyun Chun Alexandra Bokyun Chun is a South Korean actress and filmmaker living in Los Angeles, California.
When her contract ended with the soap opera, she returned to Los Angeles to work in numerous film and television shows.
Chando is a native of Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, where she graduated from Liberty High School.
She has two older brothers; Christopher and Benjamin She currently lives in New York City.
She was a native of Los Angeles, California, and graduated from Arroyo High School in El Monte.
She was cremated, and her ashes were scattered off the coast of Marina del Rey, California. 
Born in Los Angeles, California, on July 10, 1969, she is the daughter of Bridget and the actor David Hedison.
She attended the State University of New York at Purchase and University of California, Los Angeles .
In April 2014, Hedison married actress Jodie Foster, after dating for a year. 
Holden was born in Northfield, Minnesota, the daughter of Kristi and Barry Holden.
She is the elder daughter of politician John Forbes Kerry and writer Julia Stimson Thorne .
In 2004 she graduated with an MFA in directing from the AFI Conservatory's two-year masters filmmaker program.
She has appeared in two David Mamet films, State and Main in 2000 and Spartan in 2004.
In 2011, Kerry joined Locomotive, a New York-based independent film production and financing company.
Kerry joined her father on the campaign trail for Barack Obama's successful 2008 presidential campaign.
On June 11, 2012, it was announced that Krosney was let go from the sitcom.


Paul was born in New York City to Sarah, a social worker, and Mark Paul, an investment banker.
Paul has been arrested for civil disobedience over a dozen times at the Nevada Test Site between 1987 and 2000.
In 2005, she was arrested for protesting the crushing of the EV1, and performed 100 hours of community service.
She has traveled to Nicaragua with Operation USA and to South Africa to register voters.
She grew up in an 'artsy, liberal environment' on both coasts with her divorced parents.
For the program, she received ice-skating lessons from Dody Teachman, former coach to Tonya Harding.

Gilmore was born in Manhattan and moved to Tenafly, New Jersey, where she attended Tenafly High School.
Alexis Arquette was born Robert Arquette in Los Angeles, California and is a trans woman.
Her father, Lewis Arquette, was an actor and director, and was a convert from Catholicism to Islam.
Dziena was born in New York City and is of Irish, Italian and Polish descent.
She spent many of her summers growing up in the small South Jersey shore town of Sea Isle City.
 Alexis Jordan Alexis Jordan is an American singer and actress from Columbia, South Carolina.
After being eliminated from the show, she began to upload cover songs to YouTube, which received millions of views.
At the age of 12, Jordan served as an opening act for Smokey Robinson at a Stevie Wonder tribute concert.
Judge Brandy brought her back to compete in the semifinals, after the public didn't gather enough votes for Jordan.
After being eliminated from the show, Jordan and her family moved to Atlanta to be closer to the music industry.
Jordan cites singers Christina Aguilera, Whitney Houston, Mariah Carey and Beyoncé as influences.
Knapp was born in Avonmore, Pennsylvania, the daughter of Marjorie and the late Bradford Elwood Knapp.
She grew up in the Outer Banks of North Carolina before leaving home and moving to Los Angeles at the age of 18.
Knapp dated actor Ryan Phillippe in the summer of 2010, though they split up in September that year.
When she was 13 she made her professional debut, performing ballet at the Hollywood Bowl.
After being discovered by a talent scout while attending college, Smith was signed to a contract by Warner Bros.
Her earliest film roles were uncredited bit parts, and it took several years for her career to gain momentum.
She also appeared on a Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis radio broadcast on 25 January 1952.
While Smith was under contract at Warner Bros., she met fellow actor Craig Stevens; they wed in 1944.
In 1972, she won the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical for her performance.
Alexis Smith died of brain cancer in Los Angeles in 1993 on the day after her 72nd birthday.
She had no children and her sole survivor was her husband of 49 years, actor Craig Stevens.
She made guest appearances on the show in 2004 and 2005 when the character turned up alive.
She has performed at the Pacific Light Opera and local community theaters in Orange County.
With an area of , Algeria is the tenth-largest country in the world, and the largest in Africa and the Arab world.
En masse, Algerians are a mix of Berbers, Arabs, Turks and Black Africans.
In the region of Ain Hanech , early remnants of hominid occupation in North Africa were found.
Neanderthal tool makers produced hand axes in the Levalloisian and Mousterian styles similar to those in the Levant.
Algeria was the site of the highest state of development of Middle Paleolithic Flake tool techniques.
This industry appears to have spread throughout the coastal regions of the Maghreb between 15,000 and 10,000 BC.
This life, richly depicted in the Tassili n'Ajjer paintings, predominated in Algeria until the classical period.
By the early 4th century BC, Berbers formed the single largest element of the Carthaginian army.
The Carthaginian state declined because of successive defeats by the Romans in the Punic Wars.
By the 2nd century BC, several large but loosely administered Berber kingdoms had emerged.
Two of them were established in Numidia, behind the coastal areas controlled by Carthage.
West of Numidia lay Mauretania, which extended across the Moulouya River in modern-day Morocco to the Atlantic Ocean.
After Masinissa's death in 148 BC, the Berber kingdoms were divided and reunited several times.
Massinissa's line survived until 24 AD, when the remaining Berber territory was annexed to the Roman Empire.
For several centuries Algeria was ruled by the Romans, who founded many colonies in the region.
Saint Augustine was the bishop of Hippo Regius , located in the Roman province of Africa.
The Germanic Vandals of Geiseric moved into North Africa in 429, and by 435 controlled coastal Numidia.
It was during this time period that the Fatimids or children of Fatima, daughter of Muhammad, came to the Maghreb.
In order to punish them the Fatimids sent the Arab Banu Hilal and Banu Sulaym against them.
The Zirids however were ultimately defeated ushering in an adoption of Arab customs and culture.
The two main branches were the Botr and Barnès tribes, who were divided into tribes, and again into sub-tribes.
Several Amazigh dynasties emerged during the Middle Ages in the Maghreb and other nearby lands.
In the early 16th century, Spain constructed fortified outposts on or near the Algerian coast.
Probably in 1048, the Zirid ruler or viceroy, el-Mu'izz, decided to end this suzerainty.
The Fatimid state was too weak to attempt a punitive expedition; he also found another means of revenge.
The then Fatimid vizier devised to let go of the Maghreb and obtained the agreement of his sovereign.
Not only prompted the Bedouins to leave, but the Fatimid treasury even gives them a light expatriation allowance.
It was with one stone two birds Nile riparian rid of a bad neighborhood and keep a sure revenge.
Whole tribes set off with women, children, ancestors, animals and camping equipment.
The region of Algeria was partially ruled by Ottomans for 3 centuries from 1516 to 1830.
When Aruj was killed in 1518 during his invasion of Tlemcen, Hayreddin succeeded him as military commander of Algiers.
The Ottoman sultan gave him the title of beylerbey and a contingent of some 2,000 janissaries.
With the aid of this force, Hayreddin conquered the whole area between Constantine and Oran .
The next beylerbey was Hayreddin's son Hasan, who assumed the position in 1544.
Until 1587 the area was governed by officers who served terms with no fixed limits.
The pasha was assisted by janissaries, known in Algeria as the ojaq and led by an agha.
As a result, the agha charged the pasha with corruption and incompetence and seized power in 1659.
In 1671, the taifa rebelled, killed the agha, and placed one of its own in power.
After 1689, the right to select the dey passed to the divan, a council of some sixty nobles.
In 1710, the dey persuaded the sultan to recognize him and his successors as regent, replacing the pasha in that role.
Autonomous tribal states were tolerated, and the regency's authority was seldom applied in the Kabylie.
The Barbary pirates preyed on Christian and other non-Islamic shipping in the western Mediterranean Sea.
The pirates often took the passengers and crew on the ships and sold them or used them as slaves.
In 1554, pirates sacked Vieste in southern Italy and took an estimated 7,000 captives as slaves.
In July 1627 two pirate ships from Algiers sailed as far as Iceland, raiding and capturing slaves.
Two weeks earlier another pirate ship from Salé in Morocco had also raided in Iceland.
Some of the slaves brought to Algiers were later ransomed back to Iceland, but some chose to stay in Algeria.
On the pretext of a slight to their consul, the French invaded and captured Algiers in 1830.
The conquest of Algeria by the French took some time and resulted in considerable bloodshed.
The population of Algeria, which stood at about 1.5 million in 1830, reached nearly 11 million in 1960.
The FLN used hit and run attacks in Algeria and France as part of its war, and the French conducted severe reprisals.
The war led to the death of hundreds of thousands of Algerians and hundreds of thousands of injuries.
Morocco's claim to portions of western Algeria led to the Sand War in 1963.
Ben Bella was overthrown in 1965 by Houari Boumediene, his former ally and defence minister.
Under Ben Bella, the government had become increasingly socialist and authoritarian; Boumédienne continued this trend.
But, he relied much more on the army for his support, and reduced the sole legal party to a symbolic role.
Political parties developed, such as the Islamic Salvation Front , a broad coalition of Islamist groups.
In December 1991 the Islamic Salvation Front dominated the first of two rounds of legislative elections.
Fearing the election of an Islamist government, the authorities intervened on 11 January 1992, cancelling the elections.
Algeria is the largest country in Africa, the Arab world, and the Mediterranean Basin.
Most of the coastal area is hilly, sometimes even mountainous, and there are a few natural harbours.
South of the Tell Atlas is a steppe landscape ending with the Saharan Atlas; farther south, there is the Sahara desert.
They are located about south of the capital, Algiers, and just west of Tamanghasset.
After sunset, however, the clear, dry air permits rapid loss of heat, and the nights are cool to chilly.
Precipitation is heaviest in the northern part of eastern Algeria, where it reaches as much as in some years.
Among these, in the summer time when winds are heavy and gusty, temperatures can get up to .
Algeria also has a small African leopard and Saharan cheetah population, but these are seldom seen.
Many animals are now extinct, including the Barbary lions, Atlas bears and crocodiles.
In the north, some of the native flora includes Macchia scrub, olive trees, oaks, cedars and other conifers.
Fig, eucalyptus, agave, and various palm trees grow in the warmer areas.
The head of state is the president of Algeria, who is elected for a five-year term.
The President is the head of the army, the Council of Ministers and the High Security Council.
It has a budget of €15.4 billion and provides the bulk of funding through a number of programmes.
Service in the military is compulsory for men aged 19–30, for a total of 12 months.
Algeria has the second largest military in North Africa with the largest defence budget in Africa .
Each province, district, and municipality is named after its seat, which is usually the largest city.
When introducing new provinces, the numbers of old provinces are kept, hence the non-alphabetical order.
The economy remains dominated by the state, a legacy of the country's socialist post-independence development model.
The 2010–14 public-investment programme will cost US$286 billion, 40% of which will go to human development.
Growth of 3% is expected in 2012, rising to 4.2% in 2013.
The rate of inflation was 4% and the budget deficit 3% of GDP.
Inflation, the lowest in the region, has remained stable at 4% on average between 2003 and 2007.
In 2011 Algeria announced a budgetary surplus of $26.9 billion, 62% increase in comparison to 2010 surplus.
In general, the country exported $73 billion worth of commodities while it imported $46 billion.
In addition, Algeria's external debt is extremely low at about 2% of GDP.
In 2011, the agricultural sector and services recorded growth of 10% and 5.3%, respectively.
Algeria, whose economy is reliant on petroleum, has been an OPEC member since 1969.
Algeria has the 10th-largest reserves of natural gas in the world and is the sixth-largest gas exporter.
The U.S. Energy Information Administration reported that in 2005, Algeria had of proven natural-gas reserves.
High hydrocarbon prices have improved the current account and the already large international reserves position.
Unemployment particularly affects the young, with a jobless rate of 21.5% among the 15–24 age group.
This network will be complemented by the East-West Highway, a major infrastructure project currently under construction.
It is a 3-way, 1,216 km long highway, linking Annaba in the extreme east to the Tlemcen in the far west.
In January 2013 Algeria's population was an estimated 37.9 million, who are mainly Arab-Berber ethnically.
Women make up 70% of the country's lawyers and 60% of its judges and also dominate the field of medicine.
Descendants of Andalusian refugees are also present in the population of Algiers and other cities.
Almost all of this population left during the war of independence or immediately after its end.
Kabyle, the predominant Berber language, is taught and is partially co-official in parts of Kabylie.
In recent decades the government has reinforced the study of French and TV programs have reinforced use of the language.
Colloquial Algerian Arabic is spoken by about 72% of the population and Berber by 27–30%.
In a 2009 study the UNO estimated there were 45,000 Catholics and 50,000–100,000 Protestants in Algeria.
Contemporary Algerian cinema is various in terms of genre, exploring a wider range of themes and issues.
This period had also known Augustine of Hippo, Nonius Marcellus and Martianus Capella, among many others.
Chaâbi music is a typically Algerian musical genre characterized by specific rhythms and of Qacidate in Arabic dialect.
The Constantinois Malouf style is saved by musician from whom Mohamed Tahar Fergani is one of the best performers.
Other Algerian singers of the diaspora include Manel Filali in Germany and Kenza Farah in France.
Finally, the staïfi music is born in Sétif and remains a unique style of its kind.
Modern music is available in several facets, Raï music is a style typical of Western Algeria.
In the Aures, people played several games such As El Kherdba or El khergueba .
The first Algerian, Arab and African gold medalist is Boughera El Ouafi in 1928 Olympics of Amsterdam in the Marathon.
In addition, several football clubs have won continental and international trophies as the club ES Sétif or JS Kabylia.
It offers a component of dishes and varied dishes, depending on the region and according to the seasons.
The cuisine uses cereals as the main products, since they are always produced with abundance in the country.
Merguez sausage is very used in Algeria, but it differs, depending on the region and on the added spices.
The cakes are marketed and can be found in cities either in Algeria or in Europe or North America.
The bread may be cooked such as Kessra or Khmira or Harchaya, chopsticks and so-called washers Khoubz dar or Matloue.
Given Algeria's young population, policy favors preventive health care and clinics over hospitals.
Since 1972, Arabic is used as the language of instruction during the first nine years of schooling.
From the third year, French is taught and it is also the language of instruction for science classes.
Apart from the 122 private, learning at school, the Universities of the State are free of charge.
After nine years of primary school, students can go to the high school or to an educational institution.
In 2008, the illiteracy rate for people over 10 was 22.3%, 15.6% for men and 29.0% for women.
The University of Algiers, founded in 1879, is the oldest, it offers education in various disciplines .
At the age of six months, Hillis moved with her family to Normal, Illinois and at age 3, to Sheboygan Falls, Wisconsin.
She moved to Charlotte, North Carolina at age 13 and performed at The Children's Theater.
Larter achieved wider fame after her portrayal of video game heroine Claire Redfield in ' and '.
After a three-year-long relationship with actor Hayes MacArthur, the two married in August 2009.
A modelling job later took her to Los Angeles, while there, she decided to take acting classes with Smart.
Larter landed her first professional acting roles in 1997 when she appeared in several television programs.
The film earned the top spot with $20 million in its opening weekend and ended up grossing $141 million worldwide.
Larter played the characters of Niki Sanders, who suffered from DID, and Tracy Strauss on the show created by Tim Kring.
Her role sent her to Mexicali, Mexico for filming from May to late July, and required her hair to be dyed a light red.
Larter also attended the 2007 Comic Con International, her second appearance at the event, to promote the movie.
The movie was released in theaters on September 21, 2007 and made a total of $147 million worldwide.
It resulted in Larter's third Teen Choice Award nomination and an MTV Movie Award for Best Fight with Beyonce.
I love working with Milla, and it's also very excited to have Paul back directing this.
As of July 2013, Larter's films have grossed a total of $552 million domestically and $1.07 billion worldwide.
The show, which was expected to air on Fox, was not picked up for a series commission.
Her character plays an operative with the FBI's Deep Cover Operations who has a history with Bean's character.
On May 8, 2013, the series was picked up for 10 episodes to air in 2014.
Victoria's Secret also acknowledged her in their list, naming her Sexiest Legs of 2008.
At the 2007 Emmy Awards, Larter styled her own hair as opposed to using her hair-styling team.
She also states that she refuses to conform to the idea of the perfect Hollywood body.
I actually think I look better now because I feel so much better about myself now.
Look at all these incredible women, like Vanessa Redgrave, who are still so beautiful.
During her time as a model, Larter moved to Los Angeles to pursue acting.
In December 2007, Larter and her then longtime boyfriend, Hayes MacArthur, were engaged to marry.
The couple later purchased a three-story home in the Hollywood Hills for $2.9 million.
Larter admitted that she and MacArthur left the country for Europe in an effort to hide the news of the pregnancy.
Larter gave birth to the couple's son, Theodore Hayes MacArthur, on December 20, 2010.
In August 2014, Larter confirmed that she and MacArthur were expecting their second child that winter.
She gave birth to her second child, a girl named Vivienne Margaret on January 15, 2015.
 Ali Lohan Aliana Taylor Lohan is an American television personality, fashion model, singer and occasional actress.
Lohan was born on December 22, 1993, in Cold Spring Harbor, New York, on Long Island, before later moving to Merrick.
Lohan is of Irish and Italian heritage, and was raised in the Catholic religion.
A single was released on July 9, 2008 , which reached #75 on Hot Digital Songs.
Ali MacGraw was born in Pound Ridge, New York, the daughter of commercial artists Frances and Richard MacGraw.
MacGraw's mother was from a Jewish family, but did not disclose this to MacGraw's father.
MacGraw is an alumna of Rosemary Hall in Wallingford, Connecticut and Wellesley College, Wellesley, Massachusetts.
MacGraw started her acting career in television commercials, including one for the Polaroid Swinger camera.
This video was a bestseller upon release and still popular more than a decade later.
MacGraw has acknowledged having had an abortion in her early 20s when the procedure was illegal.
After college, she married Harvard beau Robin Hoen, a banker, but they divorced after a year and a half.
When former husband Evans received his star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2002, she accompanied him.
Their grandson Jackson was born in December 2010 to Josh and his wife, singer Roxy Saint.
When she is not acting, she likes to paint; she has participated in gallery shows in Los Angeles, Mexico City and Paris.
The series received nearly universally positive reviews, with Shawkat's performance occasionally singled out for praise.
The season consists of 15 new episodes which debuted at the same time on Netflix on May 26, 2013.
Leading up to the episode, many have remarked the physical similarities Shawkat and Glazer bear to one another. 
Her step-mother was actress Grace George , whom her father married when Alice was a child.
Her half-brother was William A. Brady Jr, the son of her father and Grace George.
From then on she worked frequently until her death, making another 25 films in seven years.
Brady was married to actor James Crane from 1919 to 1922, when they divorced.
Alice Brady died from cancer on October 28, 1939, five days before her 47th birthday.
As a star with Vitagraph in New York City, she moved with the company when it relocated to Hollywood.
Directed by David Smith for Vitagraph, the film is based on a novel by George Barr McCutcheon.
Anna Q. Nilsson and Norman Kerry are part of a cast in which Calhoun plays an artist's Model .
Silberberg charged that Calhoun was engaged to another man at the time of their wedding.
Highly successful, Calhoun and her husband were benefactors of a number of local charities.
She was survived by her husband of thirty-nine years and a brother, Joseph C. Calhoun, of Cleveland.
She is interred with her husband in the Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery in Glendale, California.
She was born Alice Shepphard in New York, New York, and died in Los Angeles, California.

The title role in the film was played by Donald Crisp, with Dovey playing the role of his wife.
During the winter of 1905 the actress was part of a professional caste with the Frank L. Perley Opera Company.
Hired first to perform a musical number with Vallee, Faye ended up as the female lead.
Zanuck initially resisted casting Faye, as the role had been written for Jean Harlow.
One of the most expensive films of its time, it also became one of the most successful musicals of the 1930s.
By 1939, Faye was named one of the top ten box office draws in Hollywood.
But due to her immense popularity, none of the films that she made in the 1930s and 1940s lost money.
Faye always named this film as one of her favorites, but it was also her most challenging role.
The tight corsets Faye wore for this picture caused her to collapse on the set several times.
During the making of the picture, a rumor arose that there was a rivalry between Faye and Grable.
In 1941, Fox began to place Faye in musicals photographed in Technicolor, a trademark for the studio in the 1940s.
Released at the height of World War II, the film became one of her highest-grossing pictures for Fox.
The song won the Academy Award for Best Song for 1943, and the sheet music for the song sold over a million copies.
That year, Faye was once again named one of the top box office draws in the world.
Zanuck hit back by having her blackballed for breach of contract, effectively ending her film career.
Faye's first marriage, to Tony Martin in 1937, ended in divorce in 1940.
This marriage became a plot line on an episode of the hit radio show hosted by Harris's then-employer, Jack Benny.
In its early years, the Harris-Faye radio show ranked among the top ten radio programs in the country.
Faye and Harris continued various projects, individually and together, for the rest of their lives.
In 1994, a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs, California, Walk of Stars was dedicated to her.
The author of the article, Arthur Nicholson, mentions that Faye was enormously popular there even in her Harlow days.
As of the writing of the article, the BBC stated that there were more requests for Faye's pictures than any other star. 

The producers of the series immediately offered the role of Gladys to Ghostley, who refused it.
As a result, in the fall of 1966, character actress Sandra Gould assumed the role of Gladys.
Ghostley's character of Esmeralda was created to replace Aunt Clara's role as a bumbler of magic.
Ghostley was married to Felice Orlandi, an Italian-American actor, from 1953 until his death in 2003.
Informed that she had to be 18 to take Colorado's nursing test, she decided to try modeling and relocated to California.
In 2011, Greczyn was a model for Victoria Beckham's denim and eyewear line.
 Alice Hollister Alice Hollister was an American silent film actress who appeared in 85 films between 1911 and 1925.
Born in Worcester, Massachusetts, she is believed to have been the daughter of French-Canadian immigrants.
They had a daughter, Doris Ethel, born in 1906, and George Jr., born in 1908.
When Kalem Studios began sending a film crew to Florida in the wintertime, Alice Hollister accompanied her husband.
However, she liked acting and went on to appear in many films, the last in 1925.
Alice Hollister's husband died in 1952 and she died in 1973, aged 86, in Costa Mesa, California.
 Alice Howell Alice Howell , was a silent film comedy actress from New York City.
she worked for Mack Sennett and later L-KO Kompany and her early comedies were often produced by Universal Pictures.
 Alice Joyce Alice Joyce was an American actress, who appeared in more than 200 films during the 1910s and 1920s.
Alice Joyce was born in Kansas City, Missouri, to John Edward and Vallie Olive McIntyre Joyce .
Joyce spent time with Kalem and Vitagraph , later worked as independent for various studios.
She made her last movie in 1930, after which she and ex-husband Tom Moore worked a late vaudeville circuit for a time.
She left an estate valued at $175,000, with a gross income of approximately $27,600.
She began her career during the silent film era and often appeared in comedy shorts opposite Roscoe Arbuckle.
She made her screen debut in 1912, and she appeared in a number of comedy shorts by Mack Sennett.
During the 1920s she appeared in a number of Metro silent film features as the lead actress.
At the height of her career she earned $1,200 per week as a motion picture actress.
Following the introduction of talkies, her parts in films began to wane and she only performed in supporting roles.
In March 1924, Lake married fellow actor Robert Williams, but they were divorced in 1925.
She was born in Jacksonville, Florida and died at her apartment in West Hollywood, California.
In her sitcom appearances during the 1960s, Nunn often played strong-willed and edgy women but in a humorous vein.
In 1988, Nunn died at her apartment in West Hollywood, California, of a heart attack at age 60. 
Pearce was born in New York City, the only child of Margaret Clark and Robert E. Pearce.
Her father was a foreign banking specialist, and her family moved to Europe when she was 18 months old.
At age nine, she fell off of a swing after losing her grip and landed on her chin.
She returned to the United States as a teenager, and boarded at the Masters School in Dobbs Ferry, New York.
Gene Kelly was so impressed by her that she became the only cast member to be included in the film version in 1949.
Pearce's scenes were almost entirely reactions to the witchcraft she had witnessed at the house across the street.
She played the role until her death in 1966, and was replaced by Sandra Gould.
Pearce was posthumously awarded an Emmy Award for this role; Davis accepted this award on her behalf.
In 1964, she married stage manager Paul Davis, with whom she remained until her death.
She kept her illness a secret, although her rapid weight loss was quite evident during the second season of the sitcom.

The couple sneaked away over one weekend, were married in Pasadena, and returned to work promptly the following Monday.
Terry was known to have several gay male friends in the film industry, including Ramón Novarro and Barry Norton.
They were lovers until his death, at the age of forty-six, in 1956.
Her mother, a former chorus girl died when Alice was only three years old.
Her bubbly and vivacious persona led to comparisons with Clara Bow, but White's career was slow to progress.
White also used the services of Hollywood 'beauty sculptor' Sylvia of Hollywood to stay in shape.
Although she later married Bartlett, her reputation was tarnished and she appeared only in supporting roles after this.
By 1937 and 1938, her name was at the bottom of the cast lists.
White died of complications from a stroke, aged 78, on February 19, 1983.
White has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for her contribution to Motion Pictures, at 1501 Vine Street.


After her father's death during World War I, Alicia and her mother moved to Charleston, South Carolina.
Previously, she had been suggested by talent scout Kay Brown as a possible Southern belle for the film.
Rhett auditioned for the part of Melanie Hamilton, but the role went instead to Olivia de Havilland.
In March 1937, Cukor offered Rhett the role of India Wilkes, sister of Ashley Wilkes.
Rhett later became an accent coach for aspiring actors and a radio announcer at station WTMA in Charleston.
These two portraits are housed in the home of Claudius Murray Lide, Jr. in Columbia, South Carolina.
 Alicia Silverstone Alicia Silverstone is an American actress, producer, author, and activist.
Her father was born to a Jewish family and her mother converted to Conservative Judaism before marriage.
These were hugely successful for both the band and Silverstone, making her a household name .
As a result, she signed a deal with Columbia-TriStar valued between $8 and $10 million.
As part of the package, she got a three-year first look deal for her own production company, First Kiss Productions.
Silverstone's turn as Batgirl was not well received, and won her a Razzie Award for Worst Supporting Actress.
She also, however, won a Blimp Award at the Kid's Choice Awards for the role.
After meeting outside a movie theater in 1997, the couple dated for eight years prior to their marriage.
They live in an eco-friendly Los Angeles house, complete with solar panels and an organic vegetable garden.
In May 2011, Silverstone gave birth to a boy, whom they named Bear Blu Jarecki.
 Alicia Witt Alicia Roanne Witt is an American actress, singer-songwriter, and classically-trained pianist.
He would begin work with her in film and television before Witt earned her high school equivalency credential .
During her work with David Lynch, she supported herself by playing piano at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel.


 Alisan Porter Alisan Porter is an American former child actress, singer, CEO of The Lil' Mamas, and dancer.
When she was eighteen, she moved to New York to audition for Broadway shows.
Porter is based in Los Angeles, where she has been working on her music career.
In 2003, the band The Raz was formed, with Porter as the vocalist and main songwriter.
In March 2005, she announced the birth of her new band, The Alisan Porter Project.
Porter founded the no holds barred website for moms, www.thelilmamas.com with co-creator, Celia Behar in 2012.
 Alison Brie Alison Brie Schermerhorn , known professionally as Alison Brie, is an American actress.
and her father, Charles Terry Schermerhorn, is a musician and freelance entertainment reporter.
Brie's mother is Jewish and her father has Dutch, Scottish, and Irish ancestry.
She graduated from the California Institute of the Arts with a bachelor's in theater in 2005.
Prior to becoming a movie actress, Brie worked as a clown at birthday parties and performed in theater in California.
For a time, she studied at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama in Scotland.
Brie has been dating actor Dave Franco since 2012 and on August 25, 2015, the two were engaged. 
 Alison Eastwood Alison Eastwood is an American actress, film director, fashion model, and fashion designer.
Eastwood attended Santa Catalina School in Monterey, California, and Stevenson School in Pebble Beach.
When she was eighteen, in 1990, Eastwood enrolled at UC Santa Barbara to study acting.
The sculptor is her now husband, Stacy Poitras, whom she married on March 15, 2013. 
Elliott was born in San Francisco, California to Barbara, a teacher of nursing, and Bob Elliott, a computer executive.
A native of Massachusetts, Folland was born in Boston to a travel agent mother and a cardiologist father.
She grew up in Wellesley, and attended high school at Buckingham Browne & Nichols, a private school in Cambridge.
LaPlaca is a graduate of Stevenson High School in Lincolnshire, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago.
She performed in a circus show, Circus Fantastic, at Marriott's Great America, now Six Flags Great America.
Afterwards, she had straight A's in all her school subjects, except in drama, because she was too shy.
In 1997, after graduating from high school, Lohman moved to Los Angeles to pursue a screen acting career.
For the next few years, her work consisted of science fiction B-movies , television productions and children's films .
The film originally received an NC-17 rating for its graphic sexual content, and failed at the box office afterwards.
At the age of 25, she played a 16-year-old girl who befriends a wild mustang in the film.
Lohman had never ridden a horse prior to filming and trained rigorously for a month.
Lohman married filmmaker Mark Neveldine in Watertown, New York on August 19, 2009, at St. Anthony's Catholic Church.
 Aliza Gur Aliza Gur was Miss Israel of 1960 and a semi-finalist in the Miss Universe pageant that same year.
Gur eventually went to the United States and settled in California, where she began her film and television career.
Her parents emigrated to the United States as well and settled in Cleveland, Ohio, for a time; they died in the 1970s.
Aliza Gur has been married twice, first to Sy Shulman, and next to Sheldon Schrager, but has no children.
The female lead in the film, Daniela Bianchi, had been Gur's roommate at the 1960 Miss Universe pageant. 
Korot and her family immigrated to the United States in 1977, and she subsequently grew up in San Francisco.
Before acting, she performed for Ballet Celeste International with her family for six years.
After touring, the family settled in California, where Korot won the title of California Miss T.E.E.N.
She is married to a Russian-born Israeli, and the two co-launched L'uvalla, an Internet-based skin care business.
In 1919, a producer visiting San Antonio met Ray and insisted she take a part in a film he was making.
After this success her friends prevailed upon her to enter a contest held by one an East Coast magazine company.
She was the winner from a field of candidates selected from throughout the United States.
She died from cancer in 1979, aged 78, in Temple City, California. 
That movie was considered by the critics to be the 'sleeper hit' of the year.
Her stepmother, Genevieve, whose real name was Ginette Marguerite Auger, died March 2004.
Alley's mother, Joan Mills Kerr, an author as well as an editor for American Heritage Magazine, died in November 1996.
She has one sister, Hilary Mills Loomis, and one brother, Tony Mills.
She lives in Los Angeles with her husband, film, television, stage actor and author Orson Bean.
She is starring in Rooster Teeth's sci-fi action comedy movie, Lazer Team, as Mindy.
DeBerry was born on October 26, 1994 in Houston, Texas, the youngest of three children of Tom and Cindy DeBerry.
DeBerry will take on the female lead of Mindy in Rooster Teeth Productions first feature-length movie - Lazer Team. 
At the age of seven she started taking classical violin, and classical ballet lessons.
When she was three years old, she went to the Model and Talent Expo in Dallas, Texas.
 Allison Balson Allison Balson is an American actress, who is also a published singer and songwriter.
Allison Hayes was born Mary Jane Hayes to William E. Hayes and Charlotte Gibson Hayes in Charleston, West Virginia.
Opposite Jack Palance, she played the part of a siren who ultimately kills him.
Despite the strength of her second film role, she played minor roles in her next few films.
Hayes played with Van Heflin, co-starring with Raymond Burr and Joanne Woodward in her debut.
As an arrogant Southern belle she was in love with Heflin, returning from the Civil War as a minister.
In this film, she starred with Yvette Vickers and William Hudson, and it is probably her best-known role.
The film did not lead to better roles, though she remained constantly employed, and also found work as a model.
As her acting career declined, she began to experience severe health problems, and was unable to walk without a cane.
Hayes mounted a campaign to have the FDA ban the import or sale of the food supplement.
An invalid, Hayes moved to San Clemente, California and her health continued to deteriorate.
In 1976, she was diagnosed with leukemia and was treated regularly at La Jolla.
Allison Hayes was interred with her father at Holy Cross Cemetery in Culver City, California.
Her mother Charlotte died 8 months later and was buried in a nearby unmarked grave.
A seven-time Primetime Emmy Award winner for her television work, her first four Emmy wins were for her role as C.J.
He directed her in a play as the inaugural event of the school's newly dedicated Bolton Theater.
She was also nominated for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series in the 2003 and 2006 Primetime Emmys.
Janney won two Screen Actors Guild awards for Best Actress in a dramatic series, in 2001 and 2002.
The series, which was created by Matthew Perry, was a midseason replacement for the 2010–11 television season.
In September 2015, it was reported that she has been dating IATSE production coordinator Philip Joncas. 
Mack was born in Preetz, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany to American parents, Mindy and Jonathan Mack.
The Mack family moved back to the United States when she was two years old.
She is the middle of three children with an older brother Shannon and a younger sister Robyn.
She began studying at The Young Actors Space in Los Angeles when she was seven.
The character's popularity eventually led to Chloe being introduced into DC Comics in 2010.
Mack was constantly praised for her portrayal of Chloe and has earned several awards and nominations for it.
Since May 2009, Mack has been part of a project with the Iris Theatre Company.
According to her official Twitter account, she lent her voice to a new cartoon for Amazon.
Munn was born and raised in Columbia, South Carolina to Russell and Nadine Munn.
Although their characters are the same age, Munn is eleven-and-a-half years older than her co-star Bynes.
Munn remained on the show until the show ended with the fourth season on April 24, 2006.
They broke up in the seventh season, because Skills got a job offer in Los Angeles.
She later forms a close friendship with Mouth after they both break up with their partners.
After forming this bond, they begin a brief relationship, not wanting to hold his friendship with Skills against them.
In the ninth and final season, Lauren starts a relationship with her friend Quinn's ex-husband David Fletcher .
In November 2011 Munn announced, via her Twitter account, that she and Holroyd welcomed their son Nathan Powell Holroyd.
At age five, she moved to Mandeville, Louisiana, where she joined her school's drama club.
Her character was introduced early in the premiere season and she appeared in most of the remaining episodes .
The show premiered on June 2, 2015, has been renewed for a second season. 
Smith is an actress, writer, singer, and director, and is married with two children.
She works with Save The Children and has helped to build five or more schools in Africa and Haiti. 

Sheedy was born in New York City and has two siblings, brother Patrick and sister Meghan.
Sheedy attended Columbia Grammar and Preparatory School in New York City, graduating in 1980.
She started dancing with the American Ballet Theatre at age six and was planning to make it a full-time career.
Her book was published on the adult list, with her being the youngest author to have that happen at that time.
Sheedy dated Bon Jovi guitarist Richie Sambora for less than a year in the 1980s.
Walker was born in Tullahoma, Tennessee and grew up in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Subsequently, she worked as a researcher on a genetic engineering project, while preparing for medical school at UCLA.
While spending a semester at Richmond College of Arts in London, England, she discovered an interest in performing.
Walker starred as lead during the first three seasons, and left from show in fall of 1999.
She later replaced by Jamie Luner as new profiler during the show's final season.
On June 14, 1997, Walker married John Landgraf, then a producer for NBC, at her parents' home in Santa Fe.
In 1999, Beasley married for the third time to her current husband Jim Bosche.
On a computer game called Pacxon, she provides the voice of Clyde's mom.
McLerie danced as a guest soloist with American Ballet Theatre during its 1950-51 European and South American tour.
McLerie was married to the lyricist/librettist Adolph Green from 1945 until their divorce in May 1953.

 Alma Cuervo Alma Cuervo is an American stage actress and singer, who has also performed in film and television.
in acting from the Yale School of Drama, from which she graduated in 1976 alongside Meryl Streep.
She starred in the role of Madame Morrible in the first national tour of Wicked.
She left the role on January 14, 2007 to star in the first national tour of My Fair Lady.
Born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Kruger had a long career on stage before appearing in films.
She then proceeded to act in over forty films in the space of little more than a decade.
Among her notable roles was Nurse Molly Byrd, the superintendent of nurses in the popular Dr. Kildare/Dr.
Gillespie film series, appearing in all but the first two of the sixteen movies.
For the remainder of the decade, she appeared in supporting roles in comedies and drama.
She died of lobar pneumonia and bronchitis shortly after being arrested for cocaine possession in early January 1931.
She was born Alma Genevieve Reubens to John B. and Theresa Rueben in San Francisco, California.
She was raised in the Roman Catholic faith and attended Sacred Heart Convent in San Francisco.
He later convinced Rubens to leave the troupe and try her hand at film acting.
There were rumors that Hearst continued to pay her a salary because the two were romantically involved.
The sound track for the portion in which she spoke, however, has apparently been lost.
She later escaped despite being under the watch of four nurses and two male guards.
After the show, Rubens gave an interview to the United Press stating that she was cured of her addiction.
During the interview, she described her descent into drug abuse and her experiences at the sanatoriums.
She made an appearance on stage with her husband while there, but returned to California the same month.
Rubens claimed she was being framed and physicians attested to her statements that she was not taking drugs.
She was later released on $5,000 bail, and appeared for a preliminary hearing the second week of January 1931.
Her first marriage was to actor Franklyn Farnum, nearly twenty years her senior, in June 1918.
According to Rubens' divorce petition, Farnum physically abused her and once dislocated her jaw.
In November 1923, she married Dr. Daniel Carson Goodman, an author and film producer.
As her divorce from Goodman was not yet finalized, Rubens and Cortez marriage was considered invalid.
She fell into a coma at the Los Angeles home of her friend, Dr. Charles J. Pflueger.
She died on January 21, 1931 at the age of 33 having never regained consciousness.
A funeral service was held on January 24 at the Little Church of the Flowers at Forest Lawn Memorial Park, Glendale.
Her body was then shipped to Fresno where a second service was held at the Christian Science Church on January 26.

Born in Egypt, Pennsylvania, in 1911, Henley was the second of four children.
Henley moved to Hollywood and appeared in several films for Fox Film Corporation and Columbia Pictures.
Her first marriage was in April 1934, in which she eloped with radio personality Hugh Ernst.
Her final marriage was to William J. Begg, vice president of the Michael J Hamilburg agency .
She is also known as one half of the musical duo 78violet with her sister AJ Michalka.
Despite a successful premiere, ratings failed to remain high with the series finale reaching a low 1.19 million viewers.
In May 2011, The CW announced the show was not renewed for a second season.
The film was written and directed by her husband, Stephen Ringer, and shot in Laurel Canyon, California in July 2014.
Michalka participated in the casting and production process in addition to acting in the film.
It is scheduled to premiere at the Los Angeles Film Festival on June 16, 2015.
The two were to release a fourth album in early 2010, but it was canceled after they left their label.
Michalka has played the piano since she was five and started playing the guitar at the age of 13.
She started acting when she was five years old, mostly in church play productions.
She is most famous for her role in Lynn Shelton's 2009 comedy film Humpday in the role of Anna, the wife of Ben .
The couple has a daughter, Livia, who was born on December 5, 2008. 
She has been nominated for best Young Artist Award three times, winning it twice during the late 1980s.

 Alyson Stoner Alyson Rae Stoner is an American actress, dancer, choreographer and singer.
She has also been a back-up dancer for OutKast at the 2004 Kids' Choice Awards and for Will Smith at the 2005 show.
The video received more than 12 million views within the first week it was uploaded to her channel.
Diaz was born in Northridge neighborhood of Los Angeles, California on September 7, 1985.
She was upgraded to series regular for the seventh season, which started in March 2013.
She and her brother, Cory, who is seven years her junior, are of Italian ancestry.
Her family remained in Bensonhurst until a neighborhood shooting prompted them to relocate to Staten Island.
During the course of her work in the play, Milano and her mother were on the road for 18 months.
The film was screened at the Sundance Film Festival, where it won First Prize.
After winning the part, she and her family moved to Los Angeles, where the show was produced.
The series established Milano as a teen idol, and provided her opportunities for other roles.
Her education was split between school and an on-set tutor with whom Milano would work for three hours a day.
A few years later this film was shown in Japan, prompting a producer to offer Milano a five-album record deal.
The film, which focuses on a group of young runaway and homeless teenagers, was shot on and around Hollywood Boulevard.
It was also the feature film debut of Will Smith, and was met with positive critical reception.
In the early 2000s, Milano played Eva Savelot in MCI Inc. commercials for that company's 1-800-COLLECT campaign.
In 2007, Milano's commercial work included two 2007 television ads for Veet and Sheer Cover.
That year she reported at Fenway Park during the ALDS between the Boston Red Sox and the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
It also became available in 2009 through a boutique store located in Citi Field, the home of the New York Mets.
In 2008, she expanded that to NFL football, as a New York Giants fan.
In the late 1980s reached out to Ryan White, a schoolboy ostracized for having AIDS, and a fan of Milano's.
She attended a big party for him, where she sat with him for six hours, making friendship bracelets with him.
For her 37th birthday, which occurred on December 19, 2009, Milano ran an online fundraising campaign for .
Her original goal was to raise $25,000, but a donation from her husband put her over the $75,000 mark on December 18.
In September 2013, Milano released a viral tape on Funny or Die that drew attention to the Syrian civil war.
On January 1, 1999, Milano married singer Cinjun Tate; they divorced in early 2000.
Bearse was born in Winter Park, Florida, and was also raised in Atlanta, Georgia.
She and her third husband Frank Gilbert ran one of the first successful programs for breeding cheetahs in captivity.
Amanda Blake was born Beverly Louise Neill in Buffalo, New York, the only child of Jesse and Louise Neill.
Her father was a banker, and she was a telephone operator before taking up acting.
She was the third performer inducted, after Tom Mix and Gary Cooper, selected in 1958 and 1966, respectively.
They were one of the first to breed cheetahs successfully in captivity, and raised seven generations of cheetahs.
Blake reportedly was a one-time board member of the Humane Society of the United States.
In 1997, the Amanda Blake Memorial Wildlife Refuge opened at Rancho Seco Park in Herald, California.
Blake had been a heavy cigarette smoker and had surgery for oral cancer in 1977.
She became a supporter of the American Cancer Society and made fundraising appearances throughout the country.
It was reported that she contracted AIDS from her fourth husband, Mark Spaeth, who predeceased her by four years. 

 Amanda Detmer Amanda Jeannette Detmer is an American actress who has appeared in various films and television shows.
Her mother, Susan , is a teacher, and her father, Melvin Lester Detmer, is a singing cowboy.
Foreman was born in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of Linda Lawson, an actress, and John Foreman, a producer.
Foreman later starred as Ivy on ABC's What About Brian, which was canceled in May 2007.
Amanda Fuller graduated from Notre Dame High School in Sherman Oaks, California in 2002.

 Amanda Peet Amanda Peet is an American actress who has appeared in film, stage, and television.
Peet was born in New York City, the daughter of Penny , a social worker, and Charles D. Peet, Jr., a corporate lawyer.
For much of the late 1990s, Peet maintained a steady acting career in relatively obscure independent films.
The film was released in late 1996, and she co-appeared with George Clooney and Michelle Pfeiffer.
Her character in the film was Chris, the former girlfriend of Sean Patrick Flanery's character, Tom.
The film was largely panned by critics, but had a minor box office success grossing over $26 million worldwide.
The film was a commercial and critical success and was nominated for and won several awards.
Her on screen chemistry with Kutcher was either criticized or praised by a number of critics.
The film was released on May 11, 2007 and also starred Zach Braff, Charles Grodin and Jason Bateman.
The film generally received negative reviews from critics and had an international gross of $5,142,074.
In the film, she portrayed the character of Kate Curtis, a medical student and Jackson's ex-wife.
Peet married screenwriter David Benioff on September 30, 2006, in New York City.
Peet was maid of honor at Lauren Holly's marriage in 2001 to Francis Greco.
Plummer was born in New York City, the only child of actors Christopher Plummer and Tammy Grimes.
Righetti married film director and writer Jordan Alan on April 29, 2006 on Oahu.
Production ended in June 2008 and the film was released in theaters on February 13, 2009.
She attended Punahou School and trained at Hawaii State Ballet under the instruction of John Landovsky.

Wyss starred in Season 1 of the fantasy television series ' as a reporter named Randi McFarland.
Miller lives in Pacific Grove, California, with her parents, Ahnalisa and Michael Miller. 

 Amber Benson Amber Nicole Benson is an American writer, author, director, producer, and actress.
Benson was born January 8, 1977 in Birmingham, Alabama, to Edward Benson, a psychiatrist, and Diane Benson.
The Bensons then relocated to Los Angeles, and Amber began to very quickly land roles in films and on television.
In her final episode, Benson was credited for the only time as a regular cast member.
In September 2007, Benson signed a three-book deal with Ginjer Buchanan of Penguin Books.
During the 2008 campaign season, Benson was featured in a Barack Obama advertisement sponsored by MoveOn.org.

Tamblyn's father made several appearances as God in the form of a dog walker on the show, which ran from 2003 to 2005.
Tamblyn has toured extensively with poet Derrick C. Brown, including the now infamous tours.
Tamblyn was quoted as saying the book's subject matter was very difficult to write and took over 6 years to complete.
She is the goddaughter of actors Dean Stockwell and the late Dennis Hopper and musician Neil Young.
Her uncle is Larry Tamblyn, who was the keyboardist in the 1960s rock band The Standells.
Tamblyn and comedian and actor David Cross became engaged in August 2011, and married on October 6, 2012.
Her portrayal of Joan Girardi earned her both Golden Globe Award and Primetime Emmy Award nominations in 2004.
Tamblyn was also nominated for a Saturn Award for Best Actress in a Television Series in 2004 and 2005.
The film was released on February 11, 2005 and was a box office and critical success.
The film was released in North America on September 4, 2009 with negative reviews from critics.
She plays the role of Carla Briggs, the glamorous business partner and new wife of oil tycoon Hap Briggs .
In July 2014, Valletta spoke out about her battle with drug and alcohol addiction. 
Childers is married to movie producer Randall Emmett and their daughter, London, was born on February 2, 2010.


Kinkade graduated from Interlochen Arts Academy in Interlochen, Michigan with a major in modern dance.
After moving to Los Angeles, she undertook a career as a professional jazz dancer and choreographer.
As an actress, she has performed in numerous television series and films, mostly in bit parts.
Born in Los Angeles, she has multiple citizenships: American, Canadian and Italian.

At age 15, Dolenz won a junior talent contest and decided to become an actress.
She dropped out of high school and began appearing in roles on various television series.
The role garnered Dolenz attention, earning her two nominations for a Young Artist Award.
 Ami Foster Ami Foster is an American former child actress, voice artist and singer.
In 1986-87 she was the voice of Holly, the young owner of the Puppy Pound in the Pound Puppies television series.
 Amsterdam Amsterdam is the capital city and most populous city of the Kingdom of the Netherlands.
In the 19th and 20th centuries the city expanded, and many new neighbourhoods and suburbs were planned and built.
The city was previously ranked 3rd in innovation by 2thinknow in the Innovation Cities Index 2009.
The Amsterdam Stock Exchange, the oldest stock exchange in the world, is located in the city center.
From the 14th century on, Amsterdam flourished, largely because of trade with the Hanseatic League.
In the 16th century, the Dutch rebelled against Philip II of Spain and his successors.
The revolt escalated into the Eighty Years' War, which ultimately led to Dutch independence.
Amsterdam's merchants had the largest share in both the Dutch East India Company and the Dutch West India Company.
Amsterdam was Europe's most important point for the shipment of goods and was the leading Financial Centre of the world.
The wars of the Dutch Republic with England and France took their toll on Amsterdam.
However, the later establishment of the United Kingdom of the Netherlands in 1815 marked a turning point.
Shortly before the First World War, the city began expanding, and new suburbs were built.
More than 100,000 Dutch Jews were deported to Nazi concentration camps of which some 60,000 lived in Amsterdam.
Perhaps the most famous deportee was the young Jewish girl Anne Frank, who died in the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp.
Dogs, cats, raw sugar beets, and Tulip bulbs—cooked to a pulp—were consumed to stay alive.
Most of the trees in Amsterdam were cut down for fuel, and all the wood was taken from the apartments of deported Jews.
Because of the war and other incidents of the 20th century, almost the entire city centre had fallen into disrepair.
As society was changing, politicians and other influential figures made plans to redesign large parts of it.
A metro started operating in 1977 between the new suburb of Bijlmer and the centre of Amsterdam.
As a result, the demolition was stopped, and the highway was never built, with only the metro being finished.
Although the success of this struggle is visible today, efforts for further restoration are still ongoing.
The entire city centre has reattained its former splendor and, as a whole, is now a protected area.
Comprising of land, the city proper has 4,457 inhabitants per km2 and 2,275 houses per km2.
Amsterdam is home to more than one hundred kilometers of canals, most of which are navigable by boat.
Amsterdam, as well as most of the North Holland province, lies in USDA Hardiness zone 8b.
Frosts mainly occur during spells of easterly or northeasterly winds from the inner European continent.
Days with more than of precipitation are common, on average 133 days per year.
Amsterdam's average annual precipitation is , more than what is measured at Amsterdam Schiphol Airport.
, the ethnic makeup of Amsterdam was 49.5% of Dutch ancestry and 50.5% of foreign origin.
In the 1960s guest workers from Turkey, Morocco, Italy and Spain emigrated to Amsterdam.
After the independence of Suriname in 1975, a large wave of Surinamese settled in Amsterdam, mostly in the Bijlmer area.
Other immigrants, including refugees asylum seekers and illegal immigrants, came from Europe, America, Asia, and Africa.
Young professionals and artists moved into neighbourhoods de Pijp and the Jordaan abandoned by these Amsterdammers.
The non-Western immigrants settled mostly in the social housing projects in Amsterdam-West and the Bijlmer.
In line with Protestant procedure of that time, all churches were converted to Protestant worship.
The Jews came to call the town Jerusalem of the West, a reference to their sense of belonging there.
The oldest English-language church congregation in the world outside the United Kingdom is found at the Begijnhof.
Regular services there are still offered in English under the auspices of the Church of Scotland.
Being Calvinists, they soon integrated into the Dutch Reformed Church, though often retaining their own congregations.
Some, commonly referred by the moniker 'Walloon', are recognisable today as they offer occasional services in French.
Catholic churches in Amsterdam have been constructed since the restoration of the episcopal hierarchy in 1853.
Catholic processions on the public streets, however, were still forbidden under law at the time.
In recent times, religious demographics in Amsterdam have been changed by large-scale immigration from former colonies.
It lies to the east of Damrak and contains the city's famous red light district.
During the 19th century, Samuel Sarphati devised a plan based on the grandeur of Paris and London at that time.
The oldest building in Amsterdam is the Oude Kerk , at the heart of the Wallen, consecrated in 1306.
During this period, many buildings were constructed in the architectural style of the Renaissance.
In the 17th century baroque architecture became very popular, as it was elsewhere in Europe.
The leading architects of this style in Amsterdam were Jacob van Campen, Philips Vingboons and Daniel Stalpaert.
A famous building in baroque style in Amsterdam is the Royal Palace on Dam Square.
Around 1815, architects broke with the baroque style and started building in different neo-styles.
Most Gothic style buildings date from that era and are therefore said to be built in a neo-gothic style.
The houses in the vicinity of the Museum Square in Amsterdam Oud-Zuid are an example of Jugendstil.
The last style that was popular in Amsterdam before the modern era was Art Deco.
Amsterdam had its own version of the style, which was called the Amsterdamse School.
The old city centre is the focal point of all the architectural styles before the end of the 19th century.
Between Amsterdam and Amstelveen is the Amsterdamse Bos , the largest recreational area in Amsterdam.
Museumplein hosts various museums, including the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum, and Stedelijk Museum.
Other squares include Rembrandtplein, Muntplein, Nieuwmarkt, Leidseplein, Spui, and Waterlooplein.
Amsterdam is currently one of the best European cities in which to locate an international business.
It is ranked fifth in this category and is only surpassed by London, Paris, Frankfurt and Barcelona.
Also, Deloitte, the Gemeentelijk Vervoerbedrijf and the Dutch tax offices are located there.
The tallest building in Amsterdam, the Rembrandt Tower, is situated there, as is the headquarters of Philips.
In 2014, the Port of Amsterdam had a cargo throughput of 97,4 million tons of cargo, which most was Bulk cargo.
Amsterdam has the biggest cruiseport in the Netherlands with more than 150 cruiseships every year.
In 2019 the new sealock near ijmuiden will open that Amsterdam can grow to 125 milion tonnes.
Hotels with 4 or 5 stars contribute 42% of the total beds available and 41% of the overnight stays in Amsterdam.
The room occupation rate was 78% in 2006, up from 70% in 2005.
The largest group of non-European visitors come from the United States, accounting for 14% of the total.
The average number of guests per year staying at the four campsites around the city range from 12,000 to 65,000.
One of Amsterdam's busiest high streets is the narrow, medieval Kalverstraat in the heart of the city.
Some of these markets are held on a daily basis, like the Albert Cuypmarkt and the Dappermarkt.
Modelling agencies Elite Models, Touche models and Tony Jones have opened branches in Amsterdam.
Fashion models like Yfke Sturm, Doutzen Kroes and Kim Noorda started their careers in Amsterdam.
In the 19th century, popular culture was centred on the Nes area in Amsterdam .
Though most studios are located in Hilversum and Aalsmeer, Amsterdam's influence on programming is very strong.
It was created in the last quarter of the 19th century on the grounds of the former World's fair.
In front of the Rijksmuseum on the square itself is a long, rectangular pond.
To the southeast of the square are situated a number of large houses, one of which contains the American consulate.
A parking garage can be found underneath the square, as well as a supermarket.
The current appearance of the square was realised in 1999, when the square was remodeled.
The square itself is the most prominent site in Amsterdam for festivals and outdoor concerts, especially in the summer.
Van Gogh lived in Amsterdam for a short while and there is a museum dedicated to his work.
The museum is housed in one of the few modern buildings in this area of Amsterdam.
This building, known as the performance wing, was designed by Japanese architect Kisho Kurokawa.
The Van Gogh museum is the second most visited museum in Amsterdam, with 1.4 million annual visitors.
The museum is as old as the square it borders and was opened in 1895.
The permanent collection consists of works of art from artists like Piet Mondriaan, Karel Appel, and Kazimir Malevich.
Amsterdam's musical culture includes a large collection of songs which treat the city nostalgically and lovingly.
Colleagues and contemporaries of Johnny include Tante Leen, Zwarte Riek, and Manke Nelis.
Its main purpose is to serve as a podium for pop concerts for big audiences.
Both focus on broad programming, ranging from indie rock to hip hop, R&B, and other popular genres.
Other more subculturally focused music venues are OCCII, OT301, De Nieuwe Anita, Winston Kingdom and Zaal 100.
Jazz has a strong following in Amsterdam, with the Bimhuis being the premier venue.
In 2012, Ziggo Dome was opened, also near Amsterdam ArenA, a state of the art indoor music arena.
The Heineken Music Hall is also host to many electronic dance music festivals, alongside many other venues.
Another popular dance festival is 5daysoff, which takes place in the venues Paradiso and Melkweg.
Their home is the Concertgebouw, which is across the Van Baerlestraat from the Museum Square.
It is considered by critics to be a concert hall with some of the best acoustics in the world.
Muziekgebouw aan 't IJ is a concert hall, which is situated in the IJ near the central station.
The third theater space, to be operated jointly with next door Melkweg, will open in late 2009 or early 2010.
Also a new theater has moved into Amsterdam scene in 2014, joining other established venues.
Theater Amsterdam, situated in the west part of Amsterdam, Danzigerkade 5 South metro line is completed .
All are operated by municipal public transport operator GVB, which also runs the city bus network.
The A3 road to Rotterdam was cancelled in 1970 in order to conserve the Groene Hart.
Road A8, leading north to Zaandam and the A10 Ringroad were opened between 1968 and 1974.
Besides the A1, A2, A4 and A8, several freeways, such as the A7 and A6, carry traffic mainly bound for Amsterdam.
The A10 ringroad surrounding the city connects Amsterdam with the Dutch national network of freeways.
These city roads are regional roads without grade separation, and sometimes without a central reservation.
Parking fees are expensive, and many streets are closed to cars or are one-way.
Six are intercity stops: Sloterdijk, Zuid, Amstel, Bijlmer ArenA, Lelylaan and Amsterdam Centraal.
The stations for local services are: RAI, Holendrecht, Muiderpoort and Science Park.
, Schiphol was the fifth busiest airport in the world measured by international passenger numbers.
In 2013, there were about 1,200,000 bicycles in Amsterdam outnumbering the amount of citizens in the city.
Amsterdam has two universities: the University of Amsterdam , and the VU University Amsterdam .
Some of these primary schools base their teachings on particular pedagogic theories like the various Montessori schools.
Most secondary schools in Amsterdam offer a variety of different levels of education in the same school.
The town of Hilversum, 30 km south-east of Amsterdam, has been crowned with this unofficial title.
Radio Netherlands, heard worldwide via shortwave radio since the 1920s, is also based there.
In 2012, the music video of Far East Movement, 'Live My Life', was filmed in various parts of Amsterdam.
Acker was born and raised in Dallas, Texas, to a homemaker mother and a lawyer father.
She won the 2003 Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress on Television for her portrayal.
Acker guest-starred in 10 of the 13 episodes of the first season and three episodes of the second.
Adams was born in Vicenza, Veneto, Italy, the fourth of seven children of American parents Kathryn and Richard Adams.
Her father is a U.S. Army veteran and was stationed at Caserma Ederle at the time of her birth.
Adams left the job three weeks later after having saved enough money to buy her first car.
There, she was spotted by a Minneapolis dinner theater director, Michael Brindisi, in 1995.
Adams relocated to Chanhassen, Minnesota, and worked at the Chanhassen Dinner Theatres for the next three years.
To me, the fact that Amy didn't approach it from the angle of 'What's she covering up?'
At the end of the summer I was unemployed but I was happy and I was proud.
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences invited Adams to become a member in 2006.
Three of the film's songs were nominated for Best Original Song at the 80th Academy Awards.
When it received a limited theatrical release in March 2009, it was generally well received.
Right now I'm just doing what I enjoy and I've done some different films, I've done some different types of roles.
They're so layered, and I love the fact that they've made this choice to be joyful...
She was nominated for an Academy Award, Golden Globe Award, and BAFTA Award for this role.
Whilst the film itself received mixed reviews, Adams's performance was praised by critics.
In the film, Adams plays Jane Lee, a junkie and beat poet based on Joan Vollmer.
In 2001, Adams began dating actor and artist Darren Le Gallo, whom she met in an acting class.
Allen had previously been cast as an extra in the DVD release of ' as a Twi'lek as well.
Allen frequently makes appearances at conventions, including C2 and C3, SDCC 2005, Celebration V and Celebration VI .
Aquino was born in Teaneck, New Jersey, to Adele Frances and Salvatore Aquino.
She enrolled at Yale University School of Drama in 1986 after two years of rejections.
After three years at Yale, she spent the following five years based in New York.
Whilst there she appeared with Kevin Spacey at Playwrights Horizons and joined the Circle Repertory Company.
However, the role was recast when the producers decided that she looked too young to play Jason Jones's mother.
She joined the Screen Actors Guild in 1987, and was named the co-secretary-treasurer on September 24, 2009.
She graduated from Harvard University, where she majored in comparative religion, in 1987.
Brenneman portrayed a divorced single mother working as a Family Court Judge in Hartford, Connecticut.
The Shonda Rhimes series ran on ABC from September 26, 2007, to January 22, 2013.
In 1995, Brenneman married director Brad Silberling in the garden at her parents' home.
Amy graduated from Athens Academy in Athens, Georgia and attended Tisch School of the Arts in New York University.
After returning to the United States, Carlson attended Knox College in Galesburg, Illinois.

She opted to move to New York rather than attend college, and signed with the Ford Modeling Agency.
She played Dana, a young woman who kisses star and director Zach Braff in a party scene.
Set in Pasadena, California, the film looked at turmoil amidst an upper-class family's Thanksgiving get-together.


She also has a daughter named Penelope Hill and they have performed in numerous shows together across the United States.
Hill was born in Deadwood, South Dakota, to a Japanese mother and a Finnish American father.
She became an acclaimed actress working with the famed Asian American Theater Company in San Francisco, California.
Her father was film and stage director Jules Irving and her mother is actress Priscilla Pointer.
She is a graduate of the Professional Children's School, in Manhattan, New York.
Irving's first stage appearance was at age 2, portraying a bit-part character in a play which her father directed.
In 1994, Irving and Anthony Hopkins hosted the 48th Tony Awards at the Gershwin Theatre, New York.
She became interested in gymnastics and, after training four years, decided to aim for the Olympic Games.
They live in Toronto and have one daughter, Francesca Christine, born December 1, 2008.
The series achieved unexpected success, and Johnson had a fair share of media exposure.
She is the daughter of Judith and John Records Landecker, a Chicago radio personality.
Early in her career, Landecker primarily focused on stage work and did not move to Los Angeles until she was 38.
 Amy Locane Amy Rose Locane is an American television and film actress, and a convicted felon.
In 2008, Locane married Mark Bovenizer, a local businessman and volunteer firefighter from New Jersey.
After her marriage, Locane retired from films and acted mainly in local community theater.
On June 27, 2010, Locane was involved in a fatal motor vehicle collision in Montgomery, New Jersey.
The crash killed a 60-year-old woman and seriously injured the woman's husband as they were turning into their driveway.
Locane's blood alcohol level at the time was three times the limit for legal impairment.
On November 27, 2012, a Somerset County jury convicted Locane of vehicular homicide and assault by auto.
On February 14, 2013, Locane was sentenced to three years in prison for the crime.
Her mother was Dolores , an administrative assistant and amateur actress who performed in community theatre.
Her father is the brother of Hugh O'Neill, Esq, former Deputy Chief Counsel to The Secretary of the Navy, John Lehman.
In the film, she and her brother are shrunk to 1/4 inch high by the father's shrink ray.
After the film, she was nominated for a Young Artist Award for Best Young Actress Supporting Role in a Motion Picture.
After her interest in acting had waned, O'Neill quit acting in 1994 after getting scripts that required nudity.
She met old childhood friend, Roy Johns, owner of a few circus acts.
As she watched his work, she became interested in how active the girls in his performances were.
She has toured places like Italy, Asia and has brandished her skills at Harrah's Casino, Disneyland, and other places.
 Amy Poehler Amy Meredith Poehler is an American actress, comedian, voice artist, director, producer, and writer.
She moved to Chicago in 1993 to study improv at The Second City and ImprovOlympic.
She was also one of the founding members of the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre in 1999.
Amy Poehler was born in Newton, Massachusetts to high school teachers Eileen Frances and William Grinstead Poehler.
Her father is of English, German, Irish, and Portuguese ancestry, while her mother is of Irish descent.
She was raised as a Catholic, and graduated from Burlington High School in 1989.
While the group initially consisted of many members , Poehler quickly became part of the group along with Matt Walsh.
Poehler plays Deputy Director of the Parks Department, Leslie Knope, in the fictional city of Pawnee, Indiana.
Poehler was again nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy in 2011.
On July 10, 2014, the series began airing on NBC in the United States, and on The Comedy Network in Canada.
It is based on the experiences of Greg Poehler, who moved with his girlfriend to her native country of Sweden in 2006.
On April 7, 2014, TV4 picked up the show for a second season of ten episodes.
The series was cancelled by NBC on July 28, 2015, due to low ratings.
Amy Poehler makes cameo appearances in multiple episodes as the former boss of her brother's character.
In 2009, Poehler earned a Daytime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Performer in an Animated Program.
Poehler and Fey hosted the Golden Globe Awards ceremony for the first time in 2013.
Poehler hosted the Golden Globes ceremony with Fey again in 2014 as part of a three-year contract.
Topics covered in the book include body image, parenthood and learning about the limitations of physical appearance.
The couple announced that they were ending their nine-year marriage on September 6, 2012.

She was a member of the dramatic jury at the Sundance Film Festival in 1987. 
The role also earned her a Golden Globe nomination and won her a Critics' Choice Award.
At a young age, Ryan attended the Stagedoor Manor Performing Arts Center in upstate New York.
She would make fake announcements over the loudspeaker, prompting the head cashier to confiscate the microphone.
Later, as a cocktail waitress at Zanies Comedy Club in Chicago, Illinois, she was fired for being five minutes late.
Also in late 2008, Sedaris did voiceovers in several commercials for the discount hair salon SuperCuts.
In 2011, she appeared in a series of commercials for Downy Unstopables, a fabric softener product.
Since 2014, she has provided the voice for Princess Carolyn on the Netflix original show BoJack Horseman.
She was the emcee for Microsoft's 2010 annual employee meeting in Seattle, Washington on September 28, 2010.
On October 10, 2014 Amy appeared on Ken Reid 's TV Guidance Counselor Podcast.
Though their relationship ended, they have remained very close friends and Dinello made Sedaris godmother to his son.
Sedaris has stated in several interviews that she has never wanted to get married or have children. 
Her mother, Judy Lysle , worked at a museum, and her father, John Boden Smart, was a salesman.
She continues to guest star in season two, which began airing January 8, 2012.
Smart married Carter Oosterhouse from HGTV on September 10, 2011, in Traverse City, Michigan. 
 Amy Steel Alice Amy Steel is an American film and television actress, also credited as Amy Steel Pulitzer.
She serves as a marriage and family therapist intern at InBalance in the Santa Monica Mountains.
She also has a private practice in Calabasas, specializing in adolescent and mid-life transitions. 
She has a B.A., from Brown University and studied as a Peter Kaplan Fellow at Trinity Repertory.
Amy Van Nostrand married actor Tim Daly in 1982; they have two children, Sam Daly and Emelyn Daly.
Tim Daly's father is actor James Daly and his sister is actress Tyne Daly.
A former WWE Diva Search contestant, Weber became a villainous diva for WWE's SmackDown!
During her time in The Cabinet, she feuded with Joy Giovanni, who she defeated by forfeit in her only match.
She resigned from WWE in February 2005 because of her allegations of harassment from some of the wrestlers.
The dart was actually intended for JBL's No Way Out 2005 opponent, Big Show.

As a child, Yasbeck was featured on the package art for the Betty Crocker Easy-Bake Oven.
Yasbeck is the widow of actor John Ritter, with whom she had worked in several projects.
According to Yasbeck, Ritter forced her to eat a bagel and cream cheese because he thought she was too thin.
The cause of death was actually an aortic dissection stemming from a previously undiagnosed congenital heart defect.
On March 14, 2008, a jury split 9–3 in favor of the doctors, clearing the physicians of any wrongdoing. 
In a seven-decade career, from the 1930s to 2001, she amassed well over 100 credits.
In the story line, Hall sues an insurance company for underpayment of $4 after Hall's chicken coop burns to the ground.
She was married to radio and television actor Frank Behrens, and they had a son, Tim Behrens.
 Ana Carolina da Fonseca Ana Carolina da Fonseca is a Brazilian-American actress, television personality and model.
Originally, Ortiz had auditioned for the Betty Suarez role, but it went to America Ferrera instead.
She also had a voice role in ', and starred in the made for television movie ' in 2008.
On May 14, 2012, the pilot was not picked to series by ABC for the 2012–13 United States network schedule.
However, on June 22, 2012, Lifetime picked up the pilot with a thirteen-episode order.
The series premiered June 23, 2013, on Lifetime with positive reviews from critics.
In her spare time she enjoys hiking, horseback riding, softball, and water sports, and writes poetry.
She married musician Noah Lebenzon on June 9, 2007 in Rincón, Puerto Rico.
On Saturday, June 27, 2009, Ana and Noah welcomed a daughter, named Paloma Louise Lebenzon.
The second child, a son named Rafael, was born on September 24, 2011.
Analeigh Tipton was born, and spent her early childhood in, Minneapolis, Minnesota.
When Tipton was 8, her family relocated to Sacramento, California and went to school in Placerville, California.
She began skating at the age of two and a half, and competed in four U.S. Synchronized Skating Championships.
Later, she and her pair partner, Phillip Cooke, became twice regional champions, and competed at the U.S.
At the beginning of the show, Tipton revealed that she once encountered sex traffickers posing as modeling agents.
She was then sold to a Saudi Arabian prince but managed to get out of the situation before the deal was finalized.
She also won the go-sees challenge, by booking all three of her go-sees she went to and getting back on time.
Baranova was born in Moscow, Russia, in what was then part of the Soviet Union.
Filming began in July 2002, and primarily took place at locations around South Africa.
The series ran from October 2002 to February 2004, lasting two seasons and 26 episodes.
She created and starred as Josephine in the West End production of Napoleon directed by Francesca Zambello.
Back Stateside, Anastasia created the role of Betty Haynes in the Musical White Christmas directed by Walter Bobbie.
Also with Bobbie directing, Anastasia played Lorna Moon in Golden Boy for New York's City Center Encores series.
She will also be singing at the Kennedy Center's re-union concert next Summer in D.C.
In her band were Gil Goldstein, Larry Campbell, Kendrick Scott and Vincente Archer. 

She attended Winthrop University for two years before moving briefly to Columbia, South Carolina.
Since 1986, MacDowell has appeared in print and television advertisements for the cosmetic and haircare company L'Oréal.
The couple has a son, Justin , and two daughters, Rainey and Sarah Margaret Qualley , an actress.
She was married to businessman Rhett Hartzog from November 10, 2001, until their divorce in October 2004.
Created under a charter in A.D. 988, the present Principality was formed in A.D. 1278.
Andorra is home to folk dances like the contrapàs and marratxa, which survive in Sant Julià de Lòria especially.
Other Andorran folk dances include contrapàs in Andorra la Vella and Saint Anne's dance in Escaldes-Engordany.
Popular sports played in Andorra include football, rugby union, basketball and roller hockey.
In roller hockey Andorra usually plays in CERH Euro Cup and in FIRS Roller Hockey World Cup.
In 2011, Andorra was the host country to the 2011 European League Final Eight.
However, the team has had little success internationally because of Andorra's small population.
FC Andorra, a club based in Andorra la Vella founded in 1942, compete in the Spanish football league system.
Rugby is a traditional sport in Andorra, mainly influenced by the popularity in southern France.
VPC Andorra XV is a rugby team based in Andorra la Vella actually playing in the French championship.
Andorra competes in the Games of the Small States of Europe being twice the host country in 1991 and 2005. 
Tanner , the oldest daughter in the Tanner household, which she played from 1987 to 1995.
Barber also has a MA in Women's Studies from the University of York, England.
She returned to Whittier as assistant to the director of Whittier College's Office of International Programs.
Barber is the youngest of Donald Banks and Sherry Barber's three children; she has two older brothers, Darin and Justin.
In 2008, she appeared in Taco Bell's commercial for their new Bacon Club Chalupa, and it re-aired in the summer of 2010.
She briefly attended the Professional Performing Arts School in New York alongside best friend Sarah Hyland.
She is the daughter of an engineer, and attended school in Patchogue and later in Greensburg, Pennsylvania.
Dromm's career began as a child model at the age of six, but she felt it interfered with her school work.
On the strength of the ad's popularity, she was urged to seek a Hollywood career.
She attended Quintano's School for Young Professionals, a high school for the performing arts.

 Andrea King Andrea King was an American stage, film, and television actress, sometimes billed as Georgette McKee.
Andrea King was born Georgette André Barry in Paris, France in 1919 to American Lovinia Belle Hart.
At two months of age, she moved with her mother to the United States.
When her mother married Douglas McKee, King went to live with them in Forest Hills, Queens.
In 1944, she signed with Warner Bros. and changed her stage name to King .
The Warner Bros. studio photographers voted King the most photogenic actress for the year 1945.
For her contribution to television she received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in February 1960.
According to her Los Angeles Times obituary, King was married to lawyer Nat Willis from 1940 until his death in 1970.
She died in Woodland Hills, California and was survived by a daughter and three grandchildren. 
Leeds was born Antoinette Lees in Butte, Montana, the daughter of Chas and Lina Lees.
She began her film career in 1934 playing bit parts and using her given name.
Her father-in-law owned and raced Seabiscuit, and with her husband she became a successful horse owner/breeder.
Her son is Robert Howard Jr. and her daughter Leann died of cancer in 1971.
Andrea Leeds died on May 21, 1984 from cancer in Palm Springs, California, aged 69.
In her teens she decided that she wanted to be a singer, but instead majored in drama.

She graduated from Cornell University where she majored in government with a minor in law studies.
She has performed stand-up comedy at The Improv, The Comedy Store, The Ice House and other venues around Los Angeles.
During the American Revolutionary War Jackson, whose family supported the rebel cause, acted as a courier.
He was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives, and then by the state legislature to the U.S. Senate.
In 1801, Jackson was appointed colonel in the Tennessee militia, which became his political as well as military base.
He killed a man in a duel in 1806, over a matter of honor regarding his wife Rachel.
He gained agreement for the treaty that formally transferred Florida from Spain to the United States.
Building on his base in the West and new support from Virginia and New York, Jackson won by a landslide.
He vetoed the renewal of its charter in 1832, and dismantled it by the time its charter expired in 1836.
He faced and defeated Henry Clay in the 1832 Presidential Election, and opposed Clay generally.
Jackson supported his vice president Martin Van Buren, who was elected president in 1836.
He worked to bolster the Democratic Party and helped his friend James K. Polk win the 1844 presidential election.
When they emigrated to America in 1765, Jackson's parents probably landed in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The area was so remote that the border between North and South Carolina had not been officially surveyed.
In 1824, Jackson wrote a letter saying that he was born at an uncle's plantation in Lancaster County, South Carolina.
In 1787, he was admitted to the bar, and moved to Jonesborough, in what was then the Western District of North Carolina.
This area later became the Southwest Territory , the precursor to the state of Tennessee.
During the Revolutionary War, Jackson, at age thirteen, informally helped the local militia as a courier.
His eldest brother, Hugh, died from heat exhaustion during the Battle of Stono Ferry, on June 20, 1779.
Robert Jackson died on April 27, 1781, a few days after their mother Elizabeth secured the brothers' release.
She died from the disease in November 1781, and was buried in an unmarked grave.
Following the deaths of his brothers and mother during the war, Jackson blamed the British for his losses.
Though his legal education was scanty, he knew enough to be a country lawyer on the frontier.
Most of the actions grew out of disputed land-claims, or from assault and battery.
In 1798, he was appointed a judge of the Tennessee Supreme Court, serving until 1804.
Upon his return from Florida, Jackson negotiated the sale of the land from the Chickasaw Nation in 1818 .
He was one of the three original investors who founded Memphis, Tennessee in 1819 .
In addition to his legal and political career, Jackson prospered as planter, slave owner, and merchant.
He built a home and the first general store in Gallatin, Tennessee in 1803.
The next year he acquired the Hermitage, a plantation in Davidson County, near Nashville.
Enslaved African American men, women, and children worked in three sections of the Hermitage plantation.
The size and quality of Jackson's Hermitage slave quarters exceeded the standards of his times.
At times Jackson paid his slaves with monies and coins to trade in local markets.
Jackson was appointed commander of the Tennessee militia in 1801, with the rank of colonel.
Similar to other Southeast native leaders of the period, he was of mixed-race ancestry but identified as Creek.
Jackson stated that the terms must be accepted or the tribe would be forcefully removed to Florida.
On August 9, 1814, 35 Indian elder leaders signed Jackson's Treaty of Fort Jackson.
The warrior faction of the Creek nation and the British, however, did not formally recognize the treaty.
Jackson's service in the War of 1812 against the United Kingdom was conspicuous for bravery and success.
In the Battle of New Orleans on January 8, 1815, Jackson's 5,000 soldiers won a decisive victory over 7,500 British.
At the end of the battle, the British had 2,037 casualties: 291 dead , 1,262 wounded, and 484 captured or missing.
The Americans had 71 casualties: 13 dead, 39 wounded, and 19 missing.
Jackson gained a reputation as a national hero for his daring defense of the city in the Battle of New Orleans.
By a resolution on February 27, 1815, Jackson received the Thanks of Congress as well as a Congressional Gold Medal.
Jackson was also charged with preventing Spanish Florida from becoming a refuge for runaway slaves.
The Seminole attack left their villages vulnerable, and Jackson burned their houses and the crops.
He found letters that indicated that the Spanish and British were secretly assisting the Indians.
Jackson captured Pensacola, Florida, with little more than some warning shots, and deposed the Spanish governor.
Jackson's actions struck fear into the Seminole tribes as word spread of his ruthlessness in battle .
The Secretary of State, John Quincy Adams, an early believer in Manifest Destiny, defended Jackson.
Jackson was subsequently named Florida's military governor and served from March 10, 1821, to December 31, 1821.
Those who attended backed Treasury Secretary William H. Crawford for President and Albert Gallatin for Vice President.
Because no candidate received a majority, the election was decided by the House of Representatives, which chose Adams.
After resigning the Senate in October 1825, Jackson continued to build support for his next presidential campaign.
He attracted Vice President John C. Calhoun, Martin Van Buren, and Thomas Ritchie into his camp .
Jackson liked the name and used the jackass as a symbol for a while, but it died out.
However, it later became the symbol for the Democratic Party when cartoonist Thomas Nast popularized it.
Jackson said he would forgive those who insulted him, but he would never forgive the ones who attacked his wife.
Rachel died suddenly on December 22, 1828, before his inauguration, and was buried on Christmas Eve.
Jackson was attacked as a slave trader who bought and sold slaves, shipping them into the Deep South.
While slavery was the bedrock of major parts of the economy, slave traders ranked very low in society.
When South Carolina opposed the tariff law, he took a strong line in favor of nationalism and against secession.
By the Spring of 1831, only Barry remained, while the rest of Jackson's cabinet had been discharged.
Jackson was the first President to invite the public to attend the White House ball honoring his first inauguration.
Some people stood on good chairs in muddied boots just to get a look at the President.
They were both criticized for not delaying their marriage for a longer period, as wwas sometimes the custom.
But Van Buren survived politically and played a leading role in Jackson's unofficial Kitchen Cabinet.
The southern tribes included the Choctaw, Creek, Chickasaw, Seminole and the Cherokee.
Indian wars broke out repeatedly, as white settlers kept encroaching on lands supposedly reserved fro Native Americans.
In response, the Muscogee and Seminole Indians also ignored the terms of the treaties.
On May 26, 1830 Congress passed the Indian Removal Act, and Jackson signed it into law.
Jackson used the Georgia crisis to broker an agreement whereby the Cherokee leaders agreed to a removal treaty.
A group of Cherokees led by John Ridge negotiated the Treaty of New Echota with Jackson's representatives.
Ridge was not a widely recognized leader of the Cherokee Nation, and this document was rejected by some as illegitimate.
The treaty was enforced by Jackson's successor, Van Buren, who sent 7,000 troops to carry out the relocation policy.
Starting around 1970, the controversy picked up again, this time with more ideological tones.
During Jackson's tenure in office, large amounts of public money were put in the hands of public officials.
Jackson replaced Barry with Amos Kendall, who went on to implement much needed reforms in the Postal Service.
Jackson's time in the presidency as saw various improvements in financial provisions for veterans and their dependents.
Historians believe Jackson's presidency marked the beginning of an era of decline in public ethics.
Supervision of bureaus and departments whose operations were outside of Washington proved to be difficult.
Jackson attempted to face down Calhoun over the issue, which developed into a bitter rivalry between the two men.
Particularly notable was an incident at the April 13, 1830, Jefferson Day dinner, involving after-dinner toasts.
In response to South Carolina's nullification claim, Jackson vowed to send troops to South Carolina to enforce the laws.
The Force Bill and Compromise Tariff passed on March 1, 1833, and Jackson signed both.
The French king Louis Philippe I and his ministers blamed the French Chamber of Deputies.
By 1834 the non-payment of reparations by the French government drew Jackson's ire and he became impatient.
Under the treaty of Great Britain, American trade was reopened in the West Indies.
The trade agreement with Siam was America's first treaty between the United States and an Asiatic country.
Jackson's agent in Texas, Colonel Anthony Butler, suggested to take Texas over militarily, but Jackson refused.
In 1823 President James Monroe appointed Nicholas Biddle, the Bank's third and last executive, to run the bank.
Biddle's recharter bill passed the Senate on June 11 and the House on July 3, 1832.
Jackson used the issue to promote his democratic values, believing the Bank was being run exclusively for the wealthy.
During the 1832 Presidential Election the rechartering of the Second National Bank became the primary issue.
The election also demonstrated the rapid development and organization of political parties during this time period.
Wirt received only 8 percent of the popular vote and 7 electoral votes while the Anti-Masonic Party folded.
He fled the scene chased by several members of Jackson's party, including the well-known writer Washington Irving.
Afterwards, due to public curiosity concerning the double misfires, the pistols were tested and retested.
Jackson, who wanted the matter quickly resolved, also suggested the tracts be mailed only to subscribers.
This infuriated pro-slavery Southerners, who attempted to prevent acknowledgement or discussion of the petitions.
On May 18, 1836 Jackson signed a law creating and funding the oceanic United States Exploring Expedition.
In January 1835, Jackson paid off the entire national debt, the only time in U.S. history that has been accomplished.
However, reckless speculation in land and railroads caused what became known as the Panic of 1837.
The same year there was a downturn in Great Britain's economy that stopped investment in the United States.
The depression that followed lasted for four years until 1841 when the economy began to rebound.
After serving two terms as president, Jackson retired to his Hermitage plantation in 1837.
Although he suffered ill health, Jackson remained influential in both national and state politics.
Blamed for causing the Panic of 1837, he was unpopular in his early retirement.
Jackson died at his plantation on June 8, 1845, at the age of 78, of chronic tuberculosis, dropsy, and heart failure.
When the messenger finally came, the old soldier, patriot and Christian was looking out for his approach.
At the time, Rachel was in an unhappy marriage with Captain Lewis Robards; he was subject to fits of jealous rage.
According to Jackson, he married Rachel after hearing that Robards had obtained a divorce.
However, the divorce had never been completed, making Rachel's marriage to Jackson bigamous and therefore invalid.
The bullet that struck Jackson was so close to his heart that it was never safely removed.
Under the rules of dueling, Dickinson had to remain still as Jackson took aim and shot and killed him.
She had been under extreme stress during the election, and she never did well when Jackson was away at war or work.
The widower Jackson invited Rachel's niece Emily Donelson to serve as hostess at the White House.
Sarah Yorke Jackson, the wife of Andrew Jackson Jr., became co-hostess of the White House in 1834.
It was the only time in history when two women simultaneously acted as unofficial First Lady.
Jackson used Rip Raps as a retreat, visiting between August 19, 1829 through August 16, 1835.
Jackson was a lean figure, standing at 6 feet, 1 inch tall, and weighing between 130 and 140 pounds on average.
Jackson also had an unruly shock of red hair, which had completely grayed by the time he became president at age 61.
About a year after retiring the presidency, Jackson became a member of the First Presbyterian Church in Nashville.
He was the only U.S. president to have served as Grand Master of a state's Grand Lodge until Harry S. Truman in 1945.
Jackson remains one of the most studied and most controversial Americans of the 19th century.
Not at all controversial was his great victory over the British at New Orleans in the last battle of the War of 1812.
In contrast, the first Warren G. Harding stamp was released only one month after his death, Lincoln, one year exactly.
 Andrew Johnson Andrew Johnson was the 17th President of the United States, serving from 1865 to 1869.
Johnson became president as he was vice president at the time of President Abraham Lincoln's assassination.
A Democrat who ran with Lincoln on the National Union ticket, Johnson came to office as the Civil War concluded.
The first American president to be impeached, he was acquitted in the Senate by one vote.
Apprenticed as a tailor, he worked in several frontier towns before settling in Greeneville, Tennessee.
He served as alderman and mayor there before being elected to the Tennessee House of Representatives in 1835.
He became Governor of Tennessee for four years, and was elected by the legislature to the Senate in 1857.
In 1862, Lincoln appointed him as military governor of Tennessee after it had been retaken.
When Johnson was sworn in as vice president in March 1865, he gave a rambling speech.
Johnson vetoed their bills, and Congress overrode him, setting a pattern for the remainder of his presidency.
He had a brother William, four years his senior, and an older sister Elizabeth, who died in childhood.
Her occupation was then looked down on, as it often took her into other homes unaccompanied.
There were even rumors that Andrew, who did not resemble his brother or sister, had been fathered by another man.
Polly Johnson eventually remarried, to Turner Doughtry, who was as poor as she was.
Andrew also became an apprentice in Selby's shop at age ten and was legally bound to serve until his 21st birthday.
His education was augmented by citizens who would come to Selby's shop to read to the tailors as they worked.
Andrew Johnson was not happy at James Selby's, and after about five years, both he and his brother ran away.
The brothers went to Carthage, North Carolina, where Andrew Johnson worked as a tailor for several months.
Fearing he would be arrested and returned to Raleigh, Johnson moved to Laurens, South Carolina.
He found work quickly, met his first love, Mary Wood, and made her a quilt as a gift.
He returned to Raleigh, hoping to buy out his apprenticeship, but could not come to terms with Selby.
Unable to stay in Raleigh, where he risked being apprehended for abandoning Selby, he decided to move west.
In Greeneville, Johnson established a successful tailoring business in the front of his home.
In 1827, at the age of 18, he married 16-year-old Eliza McCardle, the daughter of a local shoemaker.
The Johnsons were married for almost 50 years and had five children: Martha , Charles , Mary , Robert , and Andrew Jr. .
Shy and retiring by nature, Eliza Johnson usually remained in Greeneville during Johnson's political rise.
She was not often seen during her husband's presidency; their daughter Martha usually served as official hostess.
He was elected town alderman, along with his friends Blackston McDannel and Mordecai Lincoln.
Soon after taking his seat, Johnson purchased his first slave, Dolly, aged 14.
During his Greeneville days, Johnson joined the Tennessee Militia as a member of the 90th Regiment.
He attained the rank of colonel, though while an enrolled member, Johnson was fined for an unknown offense.
From that time he supported the Democratic party and built a powerful political machine in Greene County.
In 1840, Johnson was selected as a presidential elector for Tennessee, giving him more statewide publicity.
He was elected to the Tennessee Senate in 1841, where he served a two-year term.
He had achieved financial success in his tailoring business, but sold it to concentrate on politics.
He introduced for the first time his Homestead Bill, to grant to people willing to settle the land and gain title to it.
With the party split, Whig nominee General Zachary Taylor was easily victorious, and carried Tennessee.
In his campaign for a fourth term, Johnson concentrated on three issues: slavery, homesteads and judicial elections.
Johnson voted for all the provisions except for the abolition of slavery in the nation's capital.
In 1852, Johnson managed to get the House to pass his Homestead Bill, but it failed in the Senate.
If Johnson considered retiring from politics upon deciding not to seek re-election, he soon changed his mind.
The congressman's political friends began to maneuver to get him the nomination for governor.
The Democratic convention unanimously named him, though some party members were not happy at his selection.
The Whigs had won the past two gubernatorial elections, and still controlled the legislature.
Nevertheless, the office was a bully pulpit that allowed him to publicize himself and his political views.
He was never a major contender; the nomination fell to former Pennsylvania senator James Buchanan.
Johnson decided not to seek a third term as governor, with an eye towards election to the U.S. Senate.
In 1857, while returning from Washington, his train derailed, causing serious damage to his right arm.
The victors in the 1857 state legislative campaign would, once they convened in October, elect a United States Senator.
The governor spoke widely in the campaign, and his party won the gubernatorial race and control of the legislature.
Mostly denied the party's machinery, he relied on a network of friends, advisers, and contacts.
In October 1859, abolitionist John Brown and sympathizers raided the federal arsenal at Harpers Ferry, Virginia .
The election of Lincoln, known to be against the spread of slavery, was unacceptable to many in the South.
Although secession from the Union had not been an issue in the campaign, talk of it began in the Southern states.
If the Tennessean had backed the Confederacy, he would have had small influence in its government.
Believing he would be killed if he stayed, Johnson fled through the Cumberland Gap, where his party was in fact shot at.
In response, the Confederates confiscated his land and his slaves, and turned his home into a military hospital.
He demanded loyalty oaths from public officials, and shut down all newspapers owned by Confederate sympathizers.
However, the Confederate allowed his wife and family to pass through the lines to join him.
Vice President Hamlin had served competently, was in good health, and was willing to run.
In May 1864, the President dispatched General Daniel Sickles to Nashville on a fact-finding mission.
On the first ballot, Johnson led with 200 votes to 150 for Hamlin and 108 for Dickinson.
On the second ballot, Kentucky switched to vote for Johnson, beginning a stampede.
Lincoln declined to override Johnson, and their ticket took the state by 25,000 votes.
In these months, Union troops finished the retaking of eastern Tennessee, including Greeneville.
On the evening of March 3, Johnson attended a party in his honor; he drank heavily.
Hung over the following morning at the Capitol, he asked Vice President Hamlin for some whiskey.
In the Senate Chamber, Johnson delivered a rambling address as Lincoln, the Congress, and dignitaries looked on.
Almost incoherent at times, he finally meandered to a halt, whereupon Hamlin hastily swore him in as vice president.
Lincoln, who had watched sadly during the debacle, was sworn in, and delivered his acclaimed Second Inaugural Address.
On the afternoon of April 14, 1865, Lincoln and Johnson met for the first time since the inauguration.
That night, President Lincoln was shot and mortally wounded by John Wilkes Booth, a Confederate sympathizer.
The shooting of the President was part of a conspiracy to assassinate Lincoln, Johnson, and Seward the same night.
More controversially, he permitted the execution of Mary Surratt for her part in Lincoln's assassination.
Surratt was executed with three others, including Atzerodt, on July 7, 1865.
Upon taking office, Johnson faced the question of what to do with the Confederacy.
They did not support African-American suffrage, which might threaten Democratic control in the South.
Johnson's first Reconstruction actions were two proclamations, with the unanimous backing of his Cabinet, on May 29.
Congress assembled in early December 1865; Johnson's conciliatory annual message to them was well received.
Republicans also feared that restoration of the Southern states would return the Democrats to power.
Trumbull met several times with Johnson, and was convinced the President would sign the measures .
He considered himself vindicated when a move to override his veto failed in the Senate the following day.
It also guaranteed that the federal debt would be paid and forbade repayment of Confederate war debts.
The battleground was the election of 1866; Southern states were not allowed to vote.
Even with the Republican victory in November 1866, Johnson considered himself in a strong position.
The Republicans insisted on the full language of the amendment, and the deal fell through.
Secretary of War Edwin Stanton was an able and hard-working man, but difficult to deal with.
This committee duly met, examining the President's bank accounts, and summoning members of the Cabinet to testify.
A bipartisan majority of the committee voted down impeachment charges; the committee adjourned on June 3.
The President had Attorney General Henry Stanbery issue an opinion backing his position that they could not.
On August 5, the President demanded Stanton's resignation; the secretary refused to quit with Congress out of session.
Voters in Ohio, Connecticut, and Minnesota turned down propositions to grant African-Americans the vote.
The adverse results momentarily put a stop to Republican calls to impeach Johnson, who was elated by the elections.
The Senate returned on May 26 and voted on the second and third articles, with identical 35–19 results.
Allegations were made at the time and again later that bribery dictated the outcome of the trial.
In practice, this meant that Seward would continue to run things as he had under Lincoln.
At the time of Johnson's accession, the French had intervened in Mexico, sending troops there.
Although the President preferred a more aggressive approach, Seward persuaded him to follow his lead.
Seward was an expansionist, and sought opportunities to gain territory for the United States.
It instructed its minister in Washington, Baron Eduard de Stoeckl, to negotiate a sale.
On March 30, 1867, de Stoeckl and Seward signed the treaty, working quickly as the Senate was about to adjourn.
The President summoned the Senate into session to meet on April 1; that body approved the treaty, 37–2.
Johnson sought nomination by the 1868 Democratic National Convention in New York in July 1868.
Johnson's support was mostly from the South, and fell away as the ballots passed.
Seymour's operatives sought Johnson's support, but he long remained silent on the presidential campaign.
Nevertheless, Johnson regretted Grant's victory, in part because of their animus from the Stanton affair.
On Christmas Day 1868, Johnson issued a final amnesty, this one covering everyone, including Davis.
On March 3, the President hosted a large public reception at the White House on his final full day in office.
He had arranged to purchase a large farm near Greeneville to live on after his presidency.
Johnson found Greeneville boring, and his private life was embittered by the suicide of his son Robert in 1869.
He began looking towards the next Senate election, to take place in the legislature in early 1875.
Johnson began to woo the farmers' Grange movement; with his Jeffersonian leanings, he easily gained their support.
Many Republicans ignored Senator Johnson, though some, such as Ohio's John Sherman , shook his hand.
Through the remainder of the 19th century, there were few historical evaluations of Johnson and his presidency.
In the 1950s, historians began to focus on the African-American as central to Reconstruction.
Reconstruction was increasingly seen as a noble effort to integrate the freed slaves into society.
In the early 21st century, Johnson is among those commonly mentioned as the worst presidents in U.S. history.
Desai was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania but grew up in Binghamton, New York.
She cultivated an early interest in performance and was active in the musical and acting life of her schools.
In 1997, she earned her MFA at New York University in its Tisch School of the Arts Graduate Acting Program.
She is a jazz vocalist as well, performing as part of the Angel Desai/Oscar Perez Quartet.
She volunteers with the 52nd Street Project, a non-profit organization in Manhattan's Hell’s Kitchen neighborhood. 
She is married to actor Eric Nenninger, they have two children together, James and Naomi Nenninger. 
Angel Tompkins was a model in the Chicago area before being discovered by Woody Allen who sent her to Universal.
In 1991, Tompkins was elected the national recording secretary of the Screen Actors Guild .
In 1996, she received the most votes for the SAG Hollywood Board of Directors.
She acted in high school and attended the University of South Dakota before moving to Hollywood in 1978.
Aames made her mark in Hollywood during the late 1970s and 1980s while appearing in comedies and exploitation films.
She was found dead at a friend's home in West Hills in the San Fernando Valley on November 27, 1988.
The coroner later ruled that her death was a result of a deterioration of the heart muscle, probably caused by a virus. 
Rosa continued producing albums for other artists while Alvarado remained dedicated to raising her son.
Bettis was born in Austin, Texas, to Mary Lynn and Richard Joseph Bettis, and graduated from Westlake High School.
The movie was based on the true story of the Porn 'n Chicken Club at Yale University.
Despite a trailer being released for their film, it was never finished and no further footage ever emerged.
She played Maya Driscoll, the mentally ill daughter of then Director of CTU Los Angeles, Erin Driscoll.
Maya appeared in 6 episodes before committing suicide in a bathroom at CTU between 5pm and 6pm on Day 4.
She was born in Greensburg, Pennsylvania then raised in Jeannette, Pennsylvania where she graduated in 1986.
When she was two years old, her family moved to Jakarta, Indonesia, where her father worked as a drilling engineer.
Her family then returned to the United States and settled in Archer City, Texas.
The experience inspired Kinsey to take a coast-to-coast road trip with a friend from New York City to California.
Kinsey then moved to Los Angeles and took improvisation classes with The Groundlings and at iO WEST .
She gave birth to their first child, Isabel Ruby Lieberstein, on May 3, 2008.

Sarafyan was born in Yerevan, Armenian SSR, and moved with her parents to the United States at the age of four.
She played the role of Egyptian vampire Tia in ', the mate of vampire Benjamin. 

Watson also won Model of the Year through the Face Finders Model Search in Dallas, Texas in 1988.
Her success in these areas enabled her family to be able to use some of her earnings to move to Los Angeles.
Angela Watson served on the Screen Actors Guild National Board of Directors for a number of years.
She is a lifetime member of the Actors Studio and serves on its board of directors.
Conwell was born in Orangeburg, South Carolina and moved to Columbia, South Carolina at the age of 2.
She attended Seven Oaks Elementary School in Columbia where she was the first African-American student body president.

The previous year, she had won the Sixth Annual Bill of Rights essay contest.
She studied at Glendale Community College and in 1954 graduated from Immaculate Heart College with a degree in business.
Taking a cue from her publisher father, she had intended to be a writer.
While a student from 1950–52, she worked as a secretary at Lockheed Air Terminal in Burbank and in a parts factory.
The film epitomized the stark urban mood of the period, and its reputation has grown through the years.
At first, Dickinson was reluctant, but when producers told her she could become a household name, she accepted the role.
The show became a hit, reaching number one in many countries in which it aired during its first year.
She also parodied the part in the 1975 and 1979 Bob Hope Christmas specials for NBC.
The role of Kate Miller, a sexually frustrated New York housewife, earned her a 1981 Saturn Award for Best Actress.
As of early January of 2013, these two specials were not known to be available on home video.
She was presented one of the Golden Boot Awards in 1989 for her contributions to western cinema.
She was married to Gene Dickinson, a former football player, from 1952 to 1960.
Their daughter, Lea Nikki, known as Nikki, arrived a year after they were married.
On January 4, 2007, Nikki killed herself by suffocation in her apartment in the Ventura County suburb of Thousand Oaks.
Angie Everhart was born on September 7, 1969 in Akron, Ohio, the daughter of homemaker Ginnie and engineer Bob Everhart.
She is signed to London modeling agency Models 1, and New York Model Management.
Everhart was married to Ashley Hamilton from December 1, 1996, until their divorce in March 1997.
Sylvester Stallone and Angie Everhart were briefly engaged in 1995, but they never made it down the aisle.
Single-parent Everhart gave birth to her first child, son Kayden Bobby Everhart, on July 24, 2009.
Everhart was diagnosed with thyroid cancer and had a surgery on May 14, 2013.
Everhart became engaged to Carl Ferro, the president and co-founder of the nutrition company Sunfare, in April 2014. 
She attended Highland Park High School until 1990, where she was a member of the Highland Belles.
The police drama was picked up, but only ten of the thirteen episodes aired.
On March 13, 2000, Harmon became engaged to former NFL player Jason Sehorn.
In November 2014, Harmon and Sehorn announced their separation after 13 years of marriage.
Harmon is a devout Christian and has stressed the importance of prayer in her daily life. 
Angie Martinez got her first break in radio at the age of 16 answering hot lines at the urban radio station WQHT .
She was announced to have signed on with Hot 97's main New York radio competitor, Power 105.1 on June 19, 2014.
Following this she announced she was retiring from the recording industry to concentrate on her other projects.
 Angola Angola , officially the Republic of Angola , is a country in Southern Africa.
The exclave province of Cabinda has borders with the Republic of the Congo and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
In the 19th century, European settlers slowly and hesitantly began to establish themselves in the interior.
That same year, Angola descended into an intense civil war that lasted until 2002.
A highly multiethnic country, Angola's 24.3 million people span various tribal groups, customs, and traditions.
The Bantu came from the north, probably from somewhere near the present-day Republic of Cameroon.
During this time, the Bantu established a number of political units in most parts of what today is Angola.
To its south lay the Kingdom of Ndongo, from which the area of the later Portuguese colony was sometimes known as Dongo.
The region now known as Angola was reached by the Portuguese explorer Diogo Cão in 1484.
Paulo Dias de Novais founded São Paulo de Loanda in 1575 with a hundred families of settlers and four hundred soldiers.
This part of the Atlantic slave trade continued until after Brazil's independence in the 1820s.
New treaties with Kongo were signed in 1649; others with Njinga's Kingdom of Matamba and Ndongo followed in 1656.
Portugal had neither the intention nor the means to carry out a large scale territorial occupation and colonization.
But in the end none of the African parties respected the commitments made, and military force resolved the issue.
After it gained independence in November 1975, Angola experienced a devastating civil war which lasted several decades .
It claimed millions of lives and produced many refugees; it came to an end only in 2002.
The MPLA gained control of the capital Luanda and much of the rest of the country.
In response, Cuba intervened in favor of the MPLA , which became a flash point for the Cold War.
However, eight opposition parties rejected the elections as rigged, sparking the Halloween massacre.
On 22 March 2002, Jonas Savimbi, the leader of UNITA, was killed in combat with government troops.
It is comparable in size to Mali, or twice the size of France or Texas.
Angola's capital, Luanda, lies on the Atlantic coast in the northwest of the country.
The Angolan government is composed of three branches of government: executive, legislative, and judicial.
The executive branch of the government is composed of the President, the Vice-Presidents and the Council of Ministers.
A Supreme Court serves as the appellate tribunal; a Constitutional Court holds the powers of judicial review.
Angola is classified as 'not free' by Freedom House in the Freedom in the World 2014 report.
The Ibrahim Index uses a number of variables to compile its list which reflects the state of governance in Africa.
The new constitution, adopted in 2010, further sharpened the authoritarian character of the regime.
The Angolan Armed Forces is headed by a Chief of Staff who reports to the Minister of Defense.
A small number of AAF personnel are stationed in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Republic of the Congo .
The National Police are in the process of standing up an air wing, which will provide helicopter support for operations.
The classification of the money laundering crime is one of the novelties in the new legislation.
Cabinda borders the Congo Republic to the north and north-northeast and the DRC to the east and south.
Consisting largely of tropical forest, Cabinda produces hardwoods, coffee, cocoa, crude rubber and palm oil.
Most of the oil along its coast was discovered under Portuguese rule by the Cabinda Gulf Oil Company from 1968 onwards.
Angola has a rich subsoil heritage, from diamonds, oil, gold, copper, and a rich wildlife , forest, and fossils.
In the period 2001–10, Angola had the world's highest annual average GDP growth, at 11.1 percent.
In 2004, China's Eximbank approved a $2 billion line of credit to Angola.
China is Angola's biggest trade partner and export destination as well as the fourth-largest importer.
Control of the oil industry is consolidated in Sonangol Group, a conglomerate which is owned by the Angolan government.
The economy grew 18% in 2005, 26% in 2006 and 17.6% in 2007.
However, due to the global recession the economy contracted an estimated −0.3% in 2009.
At the same time, in urban areas social inequality is most evident, and assumes extreme forms in the capital, Luanda.
The enormous differences between the regions pose a serious structural problem in the Angolan economy.
Life expectancy, which was just 46 years in 2002, reached 51 in 2011.
Angola's economy is expected to grow by 3.9 percent in 2014 said the International Monetary Fund .
Angola's financial system is maintained by the National Bank of Angola and managed by governor .
In October 2014, the building of the first optic fiber underwater cable in the Southern Hemisphere was announced.
The purpose of this forum was to promote the debate on topical issues on telecommunications in Angola and worldwide.
The Ambundu and Ovimbundu nations combined form a majority of the population, at 62%.
The population is forecast to grow to over 60 million people to 2050, 2.7 times the 2014 population.
It is estimated that Angola was host to 12,100 refugees and 2,900 asylum seekers by the end of 2007.
11,400 of those refugees were originally from the Democratic Republic of Congo, who arrived in the 1970s.
The total fertility rate of Angola is 5.54 children born per woman , the 11th highest in the world.
The indigenous languages with the largest usage are Umbundu, Kimbundu, and Kikongo, in that order.
Muslims consist largely of migrants from West Africa and the Middle East , although some are local converts.
In Angola, there is a Culture Ministry that is managed by Culture Minister Rosa Maria Martins da Cruz e Silva.
In 2014, Angola resume the National Festival of Angolan Culture , after a 25-years break.
Many regions in this country have high incidence rates of tuberculosis and high HIV prevalence rates.
Angola has one of the highest infant mortality rates in the world and one of the world's lowest life expectancies.
Demographic and Health Surveys is currently conducting several surveys in Angola on malaria, domestic violence and more.
This cancer institute will be assumed as a reference institution in the central and southern regions of Africa.
Students are often responsible for paying additional school-related expenses, including fees for books and supplies.
In 1995, 71.2 percent of children ages 7 to 14 years were attending school.
The Ministry of Education hired 20,000 new teachers in 2005 and continued to implement teacher trainings.
According to estimates by the UNESCO Institute for Statistics, the adult literacy rate in 2011 was 70.4%.
The plan envisages the establishment of one media library in each Angolan province by 2017.
As for REMA, the provinces of Luanda, Benguela, Lubango and Soyo have currently working media libraries.
She attended Paseo del Rey Elementary School and, later, Orville Wright Junior High School.
By July 1969, the series had become a hit and Jones became a popular child celebrity.
When the show became a hit, the doll was marketed by Mattel and became a best seller in North America.
By then, Jones was 13 years old and said she was happy at the thought of no longer needing to be seen with the doll.
She wanted to act in films but Jones could not find the kind of work she wanted.
Keith told her she would not need to audition for the part, but, by then, Jones no longer wanted to work in television.
She enrolled in Westchester High School and returned to a life outside the entertainment industry.
In 1973, custody of both children was awarded to their father, but he died of heart disease shortly thereafter.
While her brother went to live with their mother, Jones moved in with a friend and began skipping school.
In 1975, she dropped out of high school altogether and briefly worked at Winchell's Donut shop in Playa Del Rey.
Jones and her brother Paul then rented an apartment together, not far from their mother.
The police report also indicated a small vial of blue liquid next to Jones at the scene, which was never identified.
The coroner who examined Jones reported she died from one of the most severe drug overdoses he had ever seen.
Jones was 18 years old and was preceded in death by her father, John Paul Jones, Sr., of heart failure on March 7, 1974.
She left $63,000 in cash and more than $100,000 in savings bonds when she died.
On March 15, 1984, Jones' brother Paul also died of a drug overdose.
On January 14, 2012, their mother, Mary Paula Tweel, died in Detroit, Michigan.
Barone is married to actor Matthew Glave, with whom she has two daughters, Madeline and Roxanne.
Early in her career, at $50 an hour, she was the highest paid model at the time.
She moved to Hollywood from New York in 1935 and changed her name to Colby.
Colby also invented a chair convertible to inclined bed , which was filed in 1952 and issued in 1954.
In March of 2015, Anita Finlay became the co-host of Dare We Say, a nationally syndicated web-talk series.
She was chosen as a 2014 BlogHer Voice of the Year, where her work is repeatedly Editors' Choice.
She took a leave of absence from Queens College after her second year in order to work in a law firm.
After a one year sabbatical she went back and completed her B.A., graduating Magna Cum Laude.
Her work has been featured on Real Clear Politics, Memeorandum and several other widely read political blogs.
 Anita Garvin Anita Garvin was an American actress and comedian who appeared in both silent and sound films.
She is best known for her work with comedians Laurel and Hardy and Charley Chase.
Later, she moved to California where in 1924, she initially worked for Christie Film Company's comedies.
She died in 1994, aged 87 at Motion Picture Country House and Hospital in Woodland Hills, California. 
Gillette was born Anita Luebben in Baltimore, Maryland, the daughter of Juanita and John Alfred Luebben.
In 2012, she played Rose Fitzgerald in Christmas with the Fitzgeralds, written, directed and starring Edward Burns.
The 1980s marked Gillette's transition from Broadway and television into that of a character film actress.
She was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the daughter of William Scott Hendrie and M. Louise Morton .
In about 1902, she and actor/director David Miles were married, which they remained until his death.
She made her acting debut on Broadway at the age of six, and within a year was appearing regularly in Hollywood films.
Her husband of twenty years, the film producer Buddy Adler, died in 1960.
Louise died of a stroke on April 25, 1970 in West Los Angeles, California.
She was buried next to Berger at the Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale, California.
She was married to Grover Dale in 1973 and had a son, James Badge Dale.
She developed ovarian cancer in 1980, and was given only 5 years to live.
 Anita Page Anita Page was an American film actress who reached stardom in the last years of the silent film era.
Page became a highly popular young star, reportedly receiving the most fan mail of anyone on the MGM lot.
Page returned to acting in 1996, and appeared in four films in the 2000s.
She was born Anita Evelyn Pomares to Marino Leo, Sr. and Maude Evelyn Pomares.
A photo of Page was spotted by a man who handled Bronson's fan mail who was also interested in representing actors.
When her contract expired in 1933, she surprised Hollywood by announcing her retirement at the age of 23.
House, a Navy pilot, in 1937 and they moved to Coronado, California and lived there until his death in 1991.
Page returned to the screen in 1996 after sixty years retirement and appeared in several low budget horror films.
During this period, she moved in with her co-star and occasional director, Randal Malone at his Van Nuys home.
Page died on September 6, 2008 at her Los Angeles home, at the age of 98.
She was also the last living attendee of the very first Academy Awards ceremony in 1929.
 Anita Stewart Anita Stewart was an American actress and film producer of the early silent film era.
She was born in Brooklyn, New York as Anna May Stewart on February 7, 1895.
Stewart was also featured opposite such screen legends as Mae Busch, and Barbara La Marr.
Between 1918 and 1919 Stewart produced seven moderately successful vehicles, starring in all of them.
Throughout the 1920s, Stewart continue to be featured in prominent roles in silent films.
Following Stewart's divorce from Cameron in 1928, Stewart married George Peabody Converse the following year.
Like many of her silent film contemporaries, Stewart found the transition to sound film extremely difficult.
On May 4, 1961, Stewart died of a heart attack in Beverly Hills, California.
 Anitra Ford Anitra Ford is an American actress, model, poet, and photographer.
Ford was a fashion model on the West Coast and in New York in the 1960s.
Often camp and comedic, Ford garnered roles of emancipated women who were comfortable with their sexuality.
From 1976 to 1983, she was married to Robert Klane; they later divorced. 
Her characters included a Vietnamese nail salon employee and a rude fast food employee named Bon Qui Qui.
Johnson was born and raised in San Jose, California, in a devout Christian family.
She was a Pop Warner cheerleader from the age of 8 and was active in soccer, softball and track.
She began acting as a senior in high school and was especially interested in imitating different accents.
As a member of the Oakland Raiderettes she was named Rookie of the Year and performed at Super Bowl XXXVII.
Johnson married Group 1 Crew member Manwell Reyes on June 11, 2011 in Half Moon Bay, California.
In the late 1960s, she began taking a few small roles in her father's movies.
While she modeled, she worked with photographers such as Richard Avedon and Bob Richardson.
She voiced the role of Queen Clarion in the Disney Fairies film series starring Tinker Bell.
On January 22, 2010, Huston was honored on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Huston has recently expanded her horizons, following in her father's footsteps in the director's chair.
In November 2007, Huston led a letter campaign organized by the U.S. Campaign for Burma and Human Rights Action Center.
Huston's biggest donation has been a yearly commitment to Transgender Law Center for over a decade.
Huston lived with actor Jack Nicholson, on and off, from 1973 until 1990.
During one of their separations, in the late 1970s, she was involved in a relationship with Ryan O'Neal.
Huston's home went on the market for $18 million in 2010, but initially failed to sell.
The two of them first met on the set of the film when she was four years old as Peck was in costume as Captain Ahab.
Huston wrote her memoirs as one 900-page book; she split it into two books at her publisher's urging. 
 Ankara Ankara , formerly known as Ancyra and Angora, is the capital of Turkey, located in Central Anatolia.
The city gave its name to the Angora wool shorn from Angora rabbits, the long-haired Angora goat , and the Angora cat.
As with many ancient cities, Ankara has gone by several names over the ages.
It has been identified with the Hittite cult center Ankuwaš, although this remains a matter of debate.
Alexander came from Gordion to Ankara and stayed in the city for a short period.
The city was subsequently conquered by Augustus in 25 BC and passed under the control of the Roman Empire.
Now the capital city of the Roman province of Galatia, Ancyra continued to be a center of great commercial importance.
The ruins of Ancyra still furnish today valuable bas-reliefs, inscriptions and other architectural fragments.
A small river, the Ankara Çayı, ran through the center of the Roman town.
It was thus a sizeable city by any standards and much larger than the Roman towns of Gaul or Britannia.
The great imperial road running east passed through Ankara and a succession of emperors and their armies came this way.
They were not the only ones to use the Roman highway network, which was equally convenient for invaders.
As in other Roman towns, the reign of Diocletian marked the culmination of the persecution of the Christians.
In Ancyra, their first target was the 38-year-old Bishop of the town, whose name was Clement.
The remains of the church of St. Clement can be found today in a building just off Işıklar Caddesi in the Ulus district.
Three councils were held in the former capital of Galatia in Asia Minor, during the 4th century.
Though paganism was probably tottering in Ancyra in Clement's day, it may still have been the majority religion.
Ancyra quickly turned into a Christian city, with a life dominated by monks and priests and theological disputes.
The town council or senate gave way to the bishop as the main local figurehead.
The synod of 358 was a Semi-Arian conciliabulum, presided over by Basil of Ancyra.
The Column of Julian which was erected in honor of the emperor's visit to the city in 362 still stands today.
In 375, Arian bishops met at Ancyra and deposed several bishops, among them St. Gregory of Nyssa.
The city's military as well as logistical significance lasted well into the long Byzantine rule.
Both the Greek archbishopric and the Armenian eparchy are now listed by the Catholic Church as titular sees.
Orhan I, the second Bey of the Ottoman Empire, captured the city in 1356.
A few days earlier, Ankara had officially replaced Constantinople as the new Turkish capital city, on 13 October 1923.
Ancient buildings reflecting Roman, Byzantine, and Ottoman history and narrow winding streets mark the old section.
In 1924, the year after the government had moved there, Ankara had about 35,000 residents.
By 1927 there were 44,553 residents and by 1950 the population had grown to 286,781.
The 2015 Ankara bombings occurred on 10 October 2015 at 10:04 local time in Ankara.
Due to its elevation and inland location, Ankara has cold, snowy winters and hot, dry summers.
Because of Ankara's high altitude and its dry summers, nightly temperatures in the summer months are cool.
Ankara's annual average precipitation is fairly low at , nevertheless precipitation can be observed throughout the year.
Monthly mean temperatures range from in January to in July, with an annual mean of .
Likewise, the anchor monument is also related with the Spanish name of the mall, Armada, which means naval fleet.
The remains, the stage, and the backstage of the Roman theatre can be seen outside the castle.
It was subsequently publicized by the Austrian ambassador Ogier Ghiselin de Busbecq in the 16th century.
Located in the Kocatepe quarter, it was constructed between 1967 and 1987 in classical Ottoman style with four minarets.
The mosque was built in honor of Hacı Bayram-ı Veli, whose tomb is next to the mosque, two years before his death .
The usable space inside this mosque is on the first floor and on the second floor.
Ahmet Hamdi Akseki Mosque is located near the Presidency of Religious Affairs on the Eskisehir road.
Built in the neoclassical style this mosque is one of the largest new mosques in the city .
Its capacity is 6 thousand people in general and 30 thousand people for the funeral prayer.
It is the largest Ottoman mosque in Ankara and was built by the famous architect Sinan in the 16th century.
The symbol derived from this monument has been used as the logo of the city for a long time.
A long gondola lift with four stations connects the district of Şentepe to the Yenimahalle metro station.
On 13 March 2009, the new Yüksek Hızlı Tren high-speed rail service began operation between Ankara and Eskişehir.
On 23 August 2011, another YHT high-speed line commercially started its service between Ankara and Konya.
Esenboğa International Airport, located in the north-east of the city, is Ankara's main airport.
As with all other cities of Turkey, football is the most popular sport in Ankara.
Gençlerbirliği's B team, Hacettepe SK played in the Turkish Super League for a while until being relegated.
All of the aforementioned teams have their home at the Ankara 19 Mayıs Stadium in Ulus, which has a capacity of 21,250 .
Their home was the Yenikent Asaş Stadium in the Sincan district of Yenikent, outside the city center.
Most of them, including Hacettepespor, play their matches at Cebeci İnönü Stadium in the Cebeci district.
Ankara Buz Pateni Sarayı is where the ice skating and ice hockey competitions take place in the city.
There are many popular spots for skateboarding which is active in the city since the 1980s.
Skaters in Ankara usually meet in the park near the Grand National Assembly of Turkey.
Ankara is noted, within Turkey, for the multitude of universities it is home to.
These include the following, several of them being among the most reputable in the country: Fauna.
They mostly have a white, silky, medium to long length coat, no undercoat and a fine bone structure.
Ears are pointed and large, eyes are almond shaped and the head is massive with a two plane profile.
Sometimes they are shorn in the summer as the long fur can cause the rabbits to overheat.
This breed was first mentioned in the time of Moses, roughly in 1500 BC.
Angora goats were first introduced in the United States in 1849 by Dr. James P. Davis.
Angoras are shorn twice a year, unlike sheep, which are shorn only once.
The United States, Turkey, and South Africa are the top producers of mohair.
For a long period of time, Angora goats were bred for their white coat.
In 1998, the Colored Angora Goat Breeders Association was set up to promote breeding of colored Angoras.
Angora goats were depicted on the reverse of the Turkish 50 lira banknotes of 1938–1952. 
Davis was born in Schenectady, New York, the daughter of Marguerite and Cassius Miles Davis.
When Davis was three, she and her family moved to Erie in northwestern Pennsylvania.
She graduated from Strong Vincent High School and later from the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor.
She auditioned for the role, because her friend's boyfriend was a casting director and recommended her for the part.
On February 9, 1960, Davis received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Davis and other cast members accepted the award, and she received a standing ovation.
Davis never married nor was she publicly known to have been romantically linked to anyone.
Davis died on June 1, 2014, at a hospital in San Antonio, Texas.
Sources close to her say she was in excellent health for an 88-year-old woman, and her death was a complete shock.
Ann B. Davis is buried in the Saint Helena's Columbarium and Memorial Gardens in Boerne, Kendall County, Texas.
On February 9, 1960, Davis also received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 7048 Hollywood Boulevard.

Blyth has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6733 Hollywood Boulevard for her contribution to motion pictures.
She is known as one of the more famous residents of the celebrity enclave of Toluca Lake, California.
 Ann Brody Ann Brody , née Ann Goldstein, was an American film actress of the silent era.
At the age of three moved with her mother Nancy to Palm Springs, California for the benefit of Nancy's health.
According to her mother, Ann was discovered at the age of four while she was living in Los Angeles.
Much of the filming took place in Mill Bay, Canada which doubled for the Norwegian fjords, during the summer of 1942.
Ann and the other cast and crew members stayed at the famous Empress Hotel in Victoria.
Val Lewton, the film's producer, was friendly with Stanley Kramer, the nephew of Carter's agent, Earl Kramer.
Carter died on January 27, 2014 in North Bend, Washington, after a long bout with ovarian cancer.
Although she was a beautiful child, she did not play in films aimed at children or in light topics.
In her best roles, she is a vulnerable child trapped in a hostile adult world.
She intended to pursue a career in business, but was persuaded by friends to try acting.
That same year, she awarded an Al Christie comedy leading lady film contract in May 1927.
In 1931, Christy sued the Herbert M. Baruch Corporation for $100,730 in damages.
Ann Christy died in Vernon, Texas of a heart attack in 1987, aged 82. 
 Ann Codee Ann Codee was a Belgian actress with numerous hit films on her résumé.
She and her husband toured American vaudeville in the 1910s and 1920s in a comedy act.
The team made its film debut in 1929, appearing in a series of multilingual movie shorts.
Codee was seen in dozens of films as florists, music teachers, landladies, governesses and grandmothers.
Born in Hartford, Connecticut, she was one of twelve children of Italian immigrant parents.
After Mayor Fiorello La Guardia closed down New York City's burlesque houses in 1939, Corio made her way to Los Angeles.
A year or so later, the show played a dinner theatre in Florida, where it closed for good.
She is a member of the Hall of Fame at the Exotic World Burlesque Museum in Helendale, California. 
She also co-starred in ' as Melissa Robinson Ventura, the titular character's mother .
Thus, Doran appears in Columbia's serials , short subjects , B features , and major feature films.
She became a favorite of Columbia director Frank Capra and appears in many of his productions.
She bequeathed $400,000 to the Motion Picture Country House, the retirement home for the movie industry. 
Ann Dowd was born in Holyoke, Massachusetts on January 30, 1956, the daughter of John and Dolores Dowd.
Dowd was classmates with Elizabeth Perkins and also worked as a waitress during this time.
She pounded the pavement and her first acting gig there was with the Hartford Stage Company.
In the film, Dowd plays Sandra, a fast food restaurant manager caught in a mysterious ethical nightmare.
Dowd and Arancio met while students in Chicago, Arancio being from New York City.
They have three children, Liam, Emily, and Trust, and reside in New York City.
Anna McKim was born in New York City in 1911 to silent film actress Anna Lehr and actor/director Edwin McKim.
In the late 1920s, Dvorak worked as a dance instructor and gradually began to appear on film as a chorus girl.
Her friend Karen Morley introduced her to Howard Hughes, who groomed her as a dramatic actress.
Dvorak has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for her contribution to Motion Pictures, at 6321 Hollywood Boulevard.
Forrest was born 14 April 1895 in Sønderho, Denmark and died 25 October 1985 in San Diego, California, USA.
However, wanting to capitalize on her beauty, producers later cast her in society dramas.
 Ann Harding Ann Harding was an American theatre, motion picture, radio, and television actress.
The daughter of a career army officer, she traveled often during her early life.
Her father was born in Maine and served in the American Expeditionary Force in World War I.
She grew up in East Orange, New Jersey and graduated from East Orange High School.
Harding attended Bryn Mawr College in Bryn Mawr, PA, on the Pennsylvania Main Line outside Philadelphia.
She soon became a leading lady, who kept in shape by using the services of Sylvia of Hollywood.
The 1960s marked her return to Broadway after an absence of decades — she had last appeared there in 1927.
Both productions had brief runs, with the former play lasting a mere three performances .
On September 1, 1981, Harding died at the age of 79 in Sherman Oaks, California.
 Ann Hovey Ann Hovey was an American chorus girl and minor film actress of the 1930s, primarily in B-movies.
Born Ann Jacques Hovey in Mount Vernon, Indiana, Hovey was born into a wealthy and prominent family.
At the age of seven, Hovey was involved in an automobile accident which caused temporary loss of sight in her left eye.
That year she married William Crowell of the Crowell Publishing Company, and retired from acting.
Ann Jillian was born Ann Jura Nauseda in Cambridge, Massachusetts, in 1950, although some sources mistakenly cite 1951.
Murcia later partnered with Joyce Selznick in management of Ann Jillian until Joyce died of breast cancer shortly after.
Toward the end of her time on the series for the ABC run, she portrayed Mae West in a 1982 made-for-television film.
Dunaway and Vereen were nominated for Golden Globes, and Jillian and Burton were nominated for Emmys.
By the early 1920s however, Little would only take dramatic roles outside of the Western genre.
In her later years she managed the Chateau Marmont on the Sunset Strip but rarely spoke of her years in acting.
Ann Little died at age 93, in Los Angeles, and was interred at the Forest Lawn Memorial Park, Glendale, California. 
Magnuson was born in Charleston, West Virginia to a journalist mother and a lawyer father.
She had a brother, Bobby, who died in 1988 of complications from AIDS.
Later, in the 1990s, Magnuson fronted the satirical faux-heavy metal band Vulcan Death Grip.
In appearance she was compared to Dorothy Gish, with her short fluffy hair and eyes which sparkled.
She was an heiress who came to Hollywood after graduating from a school of dramatic art in Ohio, in 1917.
Her father was opposed to her doing any type of acting, so she waited until after his death to pursue this venture.
She went back to the dramatic school after a dissatisfying stay of three months in California.
Her first roles were minor parts in the productions of Samuel Goldwyn and Famous Players-Lasky.
By late 1919 she was earning an income of $200 per week making movies.
She later became acquainted with Pat Powers who gave her an opportunity at Universal Pictures.
As an actress she was diverse enough to play a daring rider or a delicate society girl from the east.
The setting of the film is England during the rebellion of the Duke of Monmouth against James II.
Directed by Vernon Keays, the movie was shot on location in Carmel, California.
Directed by Paul Hurst, Mildred Harris and Pat O'Malley are other actors who make up the cast.
May became engaged to actor Ralph Graves after meeting him at the studio of D.W. Griffith.
The $75,000 insurance benefit to May was cancelled by Noel upon the attorney's persuasion. 
 Ann Miller Johnnie Lucille Collier , known professionally as Ann Miller, was an American dancer, singer and actress.
She is best remembered for her work in the Hollywood musical films of the 1940s and 1950s.
Miller's father insisted on the name Johnnie because he had wanted a boy, but she was often called Annie.
She began to take dance classes at the age of 5, after suffering from a case of rickets.
She lived in Texas until she was 9, when her mother decided to leave her unfaithful husband and move to Los Angeles.
About this time she adopted the stage name Ann Miller, which she kept throughout her entire career.
This led Miller to be given a contract with RKO in 1936 at the age of 13 and she remained there until 1940.
In July of 1945, with WWII still raging in the Pacific, she posed in a bathing suit as Yank magazine pin-up girl.
If torn, the entire garment had to be removed and resewn with a new pair.
In 1983, she won the Sarah Siddons Award for her work in Chicago theatre.
In 1998, a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs, California, Walk of Stars was dedicated to her.
Guilbert was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, the daughter of Dr. Gerald Guilbert, a physician, and his wife, Cornelia.
Reinking was born in Seattle, Washington, the third of seven children born to Frances and Walter Reinking.
She began ballet lessons at the age of 10, studying with Marian and Illaria Ladre in Seattle.
cast: Reinking, Bebe Neuwirth, Joel Grey, James Naughton, and Marcia Lewis.
In 2001, she received an honorary doctorate from Florida State University for her contribution to the arts.
She currently serves as a member of the advising committee for the American Theatre Wing.
Reinking was briefly married three times in 1970-1991; each of these marriages ended in divorce.
Reinking lives primarily in Phoenix, Arizona, but frequently returns to New York City.
In the 1930s she was the only Australian actor under a long-term contract to a film studio, Cinesound Productions.
Her work in this film with a cast of famous professional players, headed by Cecil Kellaway, has astonished us all.
However the film ended up spending a lot of time in post production, and then flopping badly.
Richards said the breaking point came when MGM refused to loan her out for a Cecil B. de Mille film.
Richards had a brother who was killed in a Japanese prisoner of war camp during World War II.
She took back a pair of wicketkeeping gloves belonging to Bert Oldfield to C. Aubrey Smith in Hollywood.
Her father was employed by the Bank of Hollywood at the corner of Hollywood and Vine.
Since that marriage, Robinson has played minor roles, mainly in science fiction films.
On February 2, 1970, Jaime Bravo was killed in an automobile accident on the way to a bullfight.
Robinson was featured in several commercials for Home Savings of America, Toni home perms, and Chesterfield Cigarettes.
After being criticized one day by her English teacher, Rutherford decided to show her up.
On June 6, 1953, Rutherford and May were divorced in a court in Juárez, Mexico.
In the early 1940s, Rutherford left MGM to work without contract with different studios.
The story was probably written for a young teenage audience and is reminiscent of the adventures of Nancy Drew.
In June 2007, she was the guest star at the Marietta Gone With the Wind Museum in Marietta, Georgia.
Fred Crane died on August 21, 2008, and Cammie King died on September 1, 2010.
After he died when Bernice was four years old, her mother moved the two of them to Los Angeles.
The Reinhardt school's manager, Bert D'Armand, would also become Savage's agent, and the two would later marry.
Although the B-feature was shot quickly in 28 days, its status has been cemented over the years.
She was briefly married to Clark Tennesen between 1939 and 1941, before marrying her agent Burt D'Armand c. 1942–45.
The two lived in New York throughout the latter part of the 1950s and the 1960s until his sudden death in 1969.
She worked regularly from 1934 to her death in 1967, first in film and later in television.
She subsequently entered and won a beauty contest, with part of her prize being a bit part in a Paramount film.
While the heroine of the story was identified as a famous actress, the stories were entirely fictitious.
The story was probably written for a young teenage audience and is reminiscent of the adventures of Nancy Drew.
 Ann Sothern Ann Sothern was an American stage, radio, film, and television actress whose career spanned six decades.
In 1930, she made her Broadway stage debut and soon worked her way up to starring roles.
In 1939, MGM cast her as Maisie Ravier, a brash yet lovable Brooklyn showgirl.
The series aired for five seasons on CBS and earned Sothern three Primetime Emmy Award nominations.
Sothern earned her first and only Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress for her role in the film.
Born Harriet Arlene Lake in Valley City, North Dakota, she was the oldest of three daughters born to Walter J.
Her maternal grandfather was Danish violinist Hans Nielsen, and her paternal grandfather was Simon Lake.
Annette Yde-Lake was a concert singer, while Sothern's father worked in importing and exporting.
She later studied at McPhail School of Music, where her mother also taught piano.
She also began accompanying her mother on her concert tours when her school schedule permitted.
By age 11, she had become an accomplished pianist and was singing solos in her church choir.
At age 14, she began voice lessons and also continued to study piano and music composition.
Her mother moved to Los Angeles, where she worked as a vocal coach for Warner Bros. studios.
Sothern moved with her father to Seattle, where she attended the University of Washington.
She appeared in bit parts and walk-on roles, but soon grew frustrated with only appearing in small roles.
When MGM decided not to pick up her option, she moved to New York City to take Ziegfeld up on his offer.
After a disastrous preview in November 1941, MGM decided to delay release to retool the production.
Sothern was cast, the film's original director was replaced, the script was rewritten, and several scenes were reshot.
While the film received mediocre to poor reviews, it was a smash hit with audiences.
In 1949, Sothern contracted hepatitis which she would battle for the next three years.
In need of money due to her mounting medical bills, she turned to television.
Sothern owned 42% of the show and later sued Chertok for $93,000 in back profits from the series.
Sothern starred as Katy O'Connor, the assistant manager at the fictitious Bartley House Hotel.
Ratings for the series were weak and after 23 episodes, the show was retooled.
The addition of Porter added romantic tension to the series and helped to improve ratings.
In 1959, the series won a Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series – Musical or Comedy.
She was nominated for a Best Supporting Actress Golden Globe for her work in the film.
Sothern denied the rumors and, ultimately, the series continued without Vance or Sothern.
Sothern was never seen in the series; only her voice was heard, reacting tartly to zany happenings around her.
For the rest of the decade, she worked sporadically in television and in stage productions.
After filming, Sothern retired from acting and moved to Ketchum, Idaho, where she spent her remaining years.
Over the course of her career, Sothern also managed several businesses and production companies.
She also owned a cattle ranch in Idaho named the A Bar S Cattle Company.
They separated in September 1941 and Sothern filed for divorce in April 1942 charging Pryor with mental cruelty.
Less than a week after her divorce from Pryor, she married actor Robert Sterling.
With the help of friend Richard Egan, she converted to Roman Catholicism in 1952.
The accident left her with a fractured lumbar vertebra and damaged nerves in her legs.
For the remainder of her life, Sothern suffered from numbness in her feet and required a cane to walk.
On March 15, 2001, Sothern died from heart failure at her home in Ketchum at the age of 92.
Ann Sothern has two stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, for motion pictures and television . 
After retiring from acting, Tyrrell worked as a dialectician and made recordings for the blind.
On July 20, 1983, Tyrrell died of a heart attack at a Pasadena, California hospital at the age of 74. 
She dropped her first name after graduating from the University of Texas in 1957, and moved to New York City.
At the time Page and Torn were married, but were estranged at the time of Page's death in 1987.
The writers reasoned that because Lana was older than Jack, he would be turned off.
Ritter did not believe that the middle-aged Lana, only meant to be in her forties , would repel Jack.
Wedgeworth claimed that she asked to be released from her contract because of Lana's dwindling role in the show.
In 1970 she married acting teacher and director Ernie Martin, and they have a daughter, actress writer Dianna Martin. 

Chandler had a daughter with Jack Curtis Sr., who a Keith Albee booker, and later, a theatrical agent.
In the mid to late 1990s, she appeared or starred in several television film and series.
Once she reached adulthood, roles became scarce and she began to consider other careers.
She attended the University of Chicago, graduating in 2002 with a BA in International Studies.
In June 2012 she starred in the world premiere of David Adjmi's 3C at the Rattlestick Playwrights Theater in New York.
She graduated from Walther Lutheran High School, and in 2002 from the University of Chicago.
Anna Dodge married another silent film actor George Hernandez and was frequently credited as Anna Hernandez. 
Easteden was born in Tohmajärvi, Finland as Anna Katariina Shemeikka, the daughter of dairy farmers.
Easteden graduated from a Finnish modeling school at the age of 12 and shortly booked her first modeling job in Finland.
In Tokyo she appeared in advertisements for companies such as: Kanebo, Sony, Nissan, Wacoal, Oricom, NEC and Lux.
She was designer Akira Kimijima's house model and had an exclusive contract with a Japanese cosmetics company.
Easteden started her acting career in TV commercials in Japan, Taiwan, and the United States.
Easteden is the host of Wipeout in Finland, that started airing in Finland on FOX in March 2013.
Her research impacted the Slovak National Asylum Legislation, which was in the process of amendment.
The show has earned the actress further critical and popular acclaim and a People's Choice Award nomination.
Her mother, Karen, was a special education teacher at Seaview Elementary School in Edmonds.
Faris has an older brother, Robert, who is also a sociologist and professor at the University of California, Davis.
She then attended the University of Washington and earned a degree in English literature in 1999.
At the age of 22, she lived by her own in a studio located at the Ravens-wood in Hancock Park.
The movie was a major commercial success, ranking atop the box office charts with a US$42 million opening weekend gross.
Unlike the average or mixed critical reception the original film earned, the sequel gained generally negative reviews.
It was, however, a box office hit with US$141,220,678 earned around the globe.
She later nabbed a MTV Movie Award nomination for Best Comedic Performance for her role.
Faris played Cassie, a girl from the future who sets the adventure in motion.
Both features were major commercial successes, having grossed US$243 million and US$443 million worldwide, respectively.
It received largely negative reviews, with many critics unimpressed by the film's screenplay.
She appears with husband Chris Pratt, which is her third film collaboration with him.
It was, however, a moderate profit at the box office, where it made US$32 million on a budget of US$6 million.
Her character is Christy, a newly-sober single mom who tries to pull her life together in Napa Valley.
They eventually married in June 2004, but Faris filed for divorce in April 2007 citing irreconcilable differences.
Anna Gunn was born in Santa Fe, New Mexico, to Shana, an interior designer, and Clem, who worked in real estate.
During fall of 1988, Gunn spent a semester abroad to study at the British American Drama Academy.
The Fox TV Studios pilot was to be written by Krista Vernoff and directed by Miguel Arteta.
Gunn and her ex-husband, actor and real estate broker Alastair Duncan, have two daughters, Eila Rose and Emma. 
Anna Karen Morrow died in 2009 at the age of ninety-four in Woodland Hills, California.
There is a scene in which Russian cavalry charge over her as she lies prostrate on the ground.
Lehr's fear was abated somewhat by her belief that horses will not step on people except by accident.
She was sued by Chappell, Inc., in 1921 for nonpayment of $916.85 worth of hats, gowns, and cloaks.
The case was carried out in the Los Angeles, California court of Judge J.P. Wood.
 Anna Luther Anna Luther was an American silent film actress, born in New Jersey.
Some of the witnesses anticipated for the trial were Charlie Chaplin, Evelyn Nesbit, Pearl White, and Mabel Normand.
White's attorneys brought up the death of murdered silent film director William Desmond Taylor.
The presiding judge dropped Luther's suit because of her failure to prove a legal contract between herself and White.
In March 1925 she was named as co-respondent in a lawsuit brought by actress Dagmar Godowsky.
 Anna María Pérez de Tagle Anna María Francesca Enríquez Pérez de Tagle is an American actress and singer.
 Anna Moffo Anna Moffo was an American opera singer, television personality, and award-winning dramatic actress.
Moffo returned to America for her debut at the Lyric Opera of Chicago on October 16, 1957.
In New York, her Metropolitan Opera debut took place on November 14, 1959.
Anna Moffo was born in Wayne, Pennsylvania, USA to Italian parents, Nicola Moffo and his wife Regina Cinti.
The telecast aired on January 24, 1956, and made Moffo an overnight sensation throughout Italy.
On at least one occasion her performance of Lucia's Mad Scene earned Moffo a 10-minute standing ovation.
She then became an exclusive RCA Victor artist, with whom she recorded most of her best operatic roles.
Moffo was also invited to sing at the San Francisco Opera where she made her debut as Amina on October 1, 1960.
Although she continued to sing in staged opera through 1980, she appeared only sporadically.
Moffo was married twice, first to stage and film director Mario Lanfranchi, on December 8, 1957.
Her second marriage was to Robert Sarnoff, Chairman of the RCA Corporation, on November 14, 1974.
In the new country, the Swedish teenager started working as a nursemaid and learned English quickly.
Another beauty who began appearing in Kalem films at the same time was Alice Joyce.
She stayed at the Kalem studio for several years, ranked behind their top star Alice Joyce.
She welcomed royalty when the Swedish Crown Prince Gustav Adolf and his wife Louise Mountbatten visited Hollywood.
The following year, as she was horse riding, she fell off the horse, was thrown against a stone wall and broke her hip.
Between 1930 and 1950, she participated in 39 sound films, in smaller roles.
Anna was married to actor Guy Coombs and to Norwegian-American shoe merchant John Marshall Gunnerson .
Nilsson has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6150 Hollywood Boulevard for her contribution to motion pictures.
She died in Sun City, California, on February 11, 1974, of heart failure. 
 Anna Rosemond Anna Rosemond was one of the earliest film actresses of the early silent film era.
Her father was an Austrian immigrant, her mother a first generation American of German parentage.
The two left NYC for California in 1913 where they gave birth to one daughter, Irma.
Anna spent the rest of her life in San Diego and died in 1966 at the age of 80. 
She is now working as an attorney for the Los Angeles law firm Barnes Law LLP.
Slotky married animator James Reitano on April 30, 2011 and gave birth to a son on February 14, 2012. 
 Anna Townsend Anna Townsend was a long-time theatre actress who turned to silent film in an advanced stage of her life.
Sciorra was born in Brooklyn, New York, to a housewife mother and a veterinarian father.
Her parents are Italian American, and her father emigrated from Carunchio, Abruzzo in 1951.
On November 5, 1981, Sciorra founded the Brass Ring Theater Company at the age of 21.
While there, she took acting classes with famed South Florida drama teacher Jay W. Jensen.
She currently lives in Los Angeles with her husband, Emmy Award winning writer Jeff Kahn, and their son.
Claud Mann is the host chef of the series and prepares various themed dinner dishes.
Gurwitch and husband Jeff Kahn signed a six-figure deal with Crown to publish a memoir.
She made her debut at age 15 dancing at the World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago in 1893.
She later moved to New York, where she performed in several films for the Edison Studios and appeared on Broadway.
Although she was very popular before her marriage, Annabelle died penniless in Chicago in 1961. 
Gish was born Anne Elizabeth Gish in Albuquerque, New Mexico, the daughter of Judy and Robert Gish.
When she was two, her family moved to Cedar Falls, Iowa, where she grew up with her brother Tim and sister Robin.
Her father was an English professor at the University of Northern Iowa; her mother was an elementary school teacher.
Gish went to Northern University High School in Cedar Falls, Iowa where she graduated in 1989.
The film's title refers to 1960s Carolina shag dancing and beach life in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.
In summer 2015 it was announced Gish would return as Monica Reyes, in the reboot of The X Files.
Gish is a supporter of CARE International, and more recently, of Students Rebuild and One Million Bones.
On behalf of these organizations she filmed a short public service announcement video in April, 2012.
The couple's first son, Cash Alexander Allen, was born January 12, 2007.
The couple's second son, Enzo Edward Allen, was born October 25, 2008. 
She toured England in John Barton’s ten hourepic Tantalus, directed by Sir Peter Hall.
Her film credits include Hellion, Arlo and Julie, The Sideways Light, The Girl, Monsters, Violets Are Blue, and NoMercy.
Ashford participated in Kids Cross Country and Track at the age of six, coached by her mother.
She also understudied the lead role of Elle Woods, but only went on once.
She was featured on the original cast recording and appeared in the MTV televised airing.
She played her final performance as Glinda on January 25, 2009, when the Chicago production closed.
Ashford was originally slated to stay in the production from its premier in Chicago until sometime in 2010.
She succeeded Kacie Sheik in the role from March 9, 2010 through June 27, 2010 when the production closed.
Emma Hunton took over the role of Maureen from her on January 13, 2012.
Ashford also provided the voice of an unnamed troll in the highest grossing animated film of all time, Frozen.
In addition to writing music and lyrics, Van Dyke is the featured pianist on the single.
It was recorded at Harlem Parlour Recording, NYC by Derik Lee, who also mixed and mastered the recording.
For this role, she won the 2015 Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play.
On June 7, 2015, Ashford revealed that she has begun work on her .
After two sold-out shows on the 3rd of the month, Ashford added an encore performance due to popular demand.
Highly impressed, she was reviewed by Stephen Holden of The New York Times for her show on December 1.
Basso is the youngest child of Marcia and Louis J. Basso, and has an older brother and sister; Gabriel and Alexandria.
Most of her initial roles have been on television commercials or small guest appearances roles on television series.
The five-part series will focus on the girls who are part of the home Girls United.
She started performing on stage when she was 7 years old and began working on film projects a year later.
In April 2015, she announced that she will be moving to New York City to continue expanding her voice over career. 
Archer was born in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of actors John Archer and Marjorie Lord.
Her son Tommy Davis was the head of the Church of Scientology's Celebrity Centre International in Los Angeles. 
She won both an Oscar for her work in the film, and a Tony for the same role in the play.
Bancroft received several other Oscar nominations and continued in lead roles until the late 1980s.
In the 1990s she returned to supporting roles in films, but continued to play lead roles in television films.
She is survived by her mother, sisters, husband Mel Brooks, and son Max Brooks.
In an interview she claimed her family was originally from Muro Lucano, in the province of Potenza.
For Gittel, she won the Tony Award for Best Performance by a Featured Actress in a Play.
Bancroft is one of the few actors to have won an Academy Award and a Tony Award for the same role.
Produced by Alexander H. Cohen and directed by Michael Cacoyannis, it ran for 63 performances.
In the movie, Hoffman's character later dates and falls in love with her daughter.
Bancroft is one of very few entertainers to win an Oscar, an Emmy and a Tony award.
She received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6368 Hollywood Boulevard, for her work in television.
At the time of her star's installation , she had recently appeared in several TV series.
Bancroft is also a member of the American Theater Hall of Fame, having been inducted in 1992.
In 1961, Bancroft met Mel Brooks at a rehearsal for the Perry Como variety show.
Anne Bancroft died, age 73, of uterine cancer on June 6, 2005, at Mount Sinai Hospital in Manhattan.
She is interred at Kensico Cemetery in Valhalla, New York, near her parents, Mildred and Michael Italiano.
 Anne Carlisle Anne Carlisle is an actress, performance artist, acting teacher, author, and model.
From the mid-1990s through 2001, Dudek appeared in various theater productions and on Broadway.
They have a son, Akiva, born in December, 2008, and a daughter, Saskia, born in February 2012. 

She won a Golden Globe Award and was nominated for an Emmy Award for her role in the series.
Some sources erroneously claim she was born as Ann Marvak in Ossining, New York, on September 16, 1930.
Gwynne was born in Waco, Texas, the daughter of Pearl and Jefferson Benjamin Trice, an apparel manufacturer.
After her family moved to St. Louis, Missouri, she attended Stephens College where she studied drama.
While accompanying her father to a convention in Los Angeles, Gwynne obtained a job modeling for Catalina Swimwear.
She soon began acting in small theaters and appeared in a newsreel and a charity short.
She is remembered by fans of horror for her work in several pictures made in the 1940s.
After his death in 1980, she moved with their daughter to Southern California, where she began her acting career.
Anne Heche was born on May 25, 1969 in Aurora, Ohio, the youngest of five children of Nancy and Donald Joseph Heche.
Heche's family moved a total of eleven times during her childhood; at one point, they lived in an Amish community.
The family settled in Ocean City, New Jersey when Heche was twelve years old.
Due to desperate finances, Anne went to work at a dinner theater in Swainton.
My belief was that my father was gay and he had to cover that up.
Three months after her father's death, Heche's 18-year-old brother Nathan was killed in a car crash.
Heche flew to New York City, auditioned, and was offered a job, but her mother insisted she finish high school first.
She had been cast in the film one day before her same-sex relationship with Ellen DeGeneres went public.
The couple started dating in 1997, and at one point, said they would get a civil union if such became legal in Vermont.
Laffoon filed for divorce on February 2, 2007, after five and a half years of marriage.
On December 5, 2008, it was confirmed by Heche's representative that the actress was pregnant with Tupper's child.
Wearing only a bra and shorts, Heche walked through the desert and knocked on the door of a stranger's ranch house.
Living in New York City, Helm began her pursuit of an acting career, which eventually led to Hollywood.
Series character Slim Sherman tries to bring about reconciliation between Walt and Alicia, but Alicia shoots her father.
Her first appearance was on October 20th, 1965 in the First season episode Heritage in the role of Brydie Hanrahan.
Anne Helm was married from 1968 to 1969 to author John Sherlock, with whom she had a son, Peter Sherlock.
She died on April 22, 1991, in Los Angeles, California, of a cerebral hemorrhage. 
Her marriage to Wallach was one of the longest and most successful in Hollywood history.
She currently teaches at the HB Studio in Manhattan, and continues to act in cameo roles. 
The character last appeared on screen in 2004 when Amanda attended Lila Quartermain's funeral.
Police said Mrs. Carmichael was taking books from the car's trunk when the emergency brake apparently slipped.
Found article in the Bartlesville Daily Enterprise, July 5, 1956, page 20. 


Lockhart was born Anne Kathleen Maloney on September 6, 1953, in New York City, and raised in California.
Lockhart is also an expert horsewoman, having won championships in cutting, reining, team penning, and barrel racing. 
Lonnberg is fluent in both English and French, and has lived in France for several years. 
At the age of two they moved to Ottumwa, Iowa and when she was fourteen the family moved to Davenport, Iowa.
 Anne Meacham Mary Anne Meacham was a noted American actress of stage, film and soap opera.
Born and raised in Chicago, Meacham left to study drama at Yale University, graduating with a degree in 1947.
Anne Meacham died from undisclosed causes in Canaan, New York on January 12, 2006 at the age of 80.
Along with her husband, Jerry Stiller, she was one-half of a prominent 1960s comedy team, Stiller and Meara.
She was also featured on stage, television, in numerous films, and later became a playwright.
Meara was born in Brooklyn, New York, the daughter of parents of Irish descent, Mary and Edward Joseph Meara, a lawyer.
She was raised in Rockville Centre, New York on Long Island, an only child.
When she was 18, Meara spent a year studying acting at the Dramatic Workshop at The New School in Manhattan.
The following year, 1948, she began her career as an actress in summer stock.
Their skits focused on domestic themes, as did Nichols and May, another comedy team during that period.
During the 1970s, Meara and Stiller wrote and performed many radio commercials together for Blue Nun Wine.
She played the role of Veronica Rooney, the bar's cook, for the show's first three seasons .
Starting in October 2010, Meara and her husband Jerry Stiller began starring in a Yahoo!
In it, Meara recalled her mother's death and her childhood experiences at Catholic boarding school.
Meara died on May 23, 2015, at her home in Manhattan, at the age of 85.
Pitoniak was born in Westfield, Massachusetts, the daughter of Sophie and John Pitoniak.
She met her future husband, Jerome Milord, then a soldier, when they were both in a U.S.O.
The play had its premiere at the American Repertory Theatre in Cambridge, Massachusetts, then moved to Broadway.
Both Pitoniak and co-star Kathy Bates received Best Actress Tony Award nominations for their work.
Pitoniak died from cancer at her home in Manhattan, New York City, New York at age 85. 
Ramsay was born in Los Angeles County, California and raised in La Habra, California.
She performed in several Broadway productions in the 1950s and married actor Logan Ramsey in 1954.
She died in August at the Motion Picture & Television Country House and Hospital in Woodland Hills, California. 
Born in New York City, Revere was a direct descendant of Boston silversmith and American Revolution hero Paul Revere.
Her father, Clinton, was a stockbroker, and she was raised on the Upper West Side and in Westfield, New Jersey.
Revere worked steadily as a character actress in films, appearing in nearly three dozen between 1934 and 1951.
Revere died of pneumonia in her Locust Valley, New York, home at the age of 87. 

She was born in St. Louis, Missouri, and died in Los Angeles, California, aged 86. 

Her great-uncle was character actor Harry Davenport, and her cousins were writer James Seymour and actor John Seymour.
She died at age 79 in Los Angeles, and is interred in Westwood Village Memorial Park Cemetery.
Seymour's first professional activity as an entertainer came with the Jitney Players, for which she earned $15 per week.
She was a guest star on many American television series in the 1960s and 1970s.
that first aired on January 24, 1976 , in which she played Former Head Nurse Mille Eastman.
An early film appearance by Seymour was in the 1949 film All the King's Men as Mrs. Lucy Stark.
Born as Dawn Evelyeen Paris, in New York City, she began acting under the name of Dawn O'Day.
Her first husband was the actor John Payne, and their daughter is former actress Julie Payne.
Shirley died from lung cancer in Los Angeles, aged 75 on July 4, 1993 and was cremated.
 Anne Twomey Anne Carolyn Twomey is an American theatre, film, and television actress.
Twomey has narrated several audiobooks, including works by Dean Koontz, Joyce Carol Oates, Tracy Chevalier, and M.T.
She died on August 3, 2011, in Los Angeles due to complications from cancer.

Annette Joanne Funicello was born in Utica, New York, to Italian Americans Virginia Jeanne and Joseph Funicello.
She was the last to be selected, and one of the few cast-members to be personally selected by Walt Disney himself.
Paul Anka was noted to have a crush on her, however, Walt Disney overprotected Annette, which broke Paul's heart.
In 1979, Funicello began starring in a series of television commercials for Skippy peanut butter.
During this period, she produced a line of teddy bears for the Annette Funicello Collectible Bear Company.
Funicello was married to her first husband, Jack Gilardi, from 1965 until 1981.
She began to suffer from dizzy spells, but kept her failing health from her friends and family.
In 1993, she opened the Annette Funicello Fund for Neurological Disorders at the California Community Foundation.
At the time of her death, Annette's family and Fabares were with her.
All of us at Disney join with family, friends, and fans around the world in celebrating her extraordinary life.
O'Toole was born Annette Toole in Houston, Texas, the daughter of Dorothy Geraldine and William West Toole, Jr.
She started taking acting lessons after family moved to Los Angeles when she was 13.
She also appeared as Robby Benson's character's tutor/girlfriend in the college basketball story 'One on One' in 1977.
She remained part of the show's main cast, though at times in the background, until the end of its sixth season.
O'Toole married actor Bill Geisslinger on April 8, 1983; the couple had two daughters, Nell and Anna.
Initially known only as Willow, the character's last name was revealed to be Stark in January 2007.

When the series returned in 2012 she directed four episodes- five to eight, and also wrote episode six. 

Lee also began working in production and distribution of entertainment through various producers and film companies.
The film won the Audience Award for Best Asian-American Short Film at the Big Bear Film Festival.
Mumolo was born in Irvine, California, to a dentist father and a homemaker mother.
He also recorded with musicians including Frank Sinatra, Nat King Cole, and Nelson Riddle.
She has two brothers, Louis Cancelmi, also an actor, and Michael Cancelmi.
She was later nominated for a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actress in a Drama Series in 2001.
Potts was born in Nashville, Tennessee, as the third daughter of Powell Grisette Potts and Dorothy Harris Potts.
They grew up in Franklin, Kentucky, where she graduated from Franklin-Simpson High School.
She received a Bachelor in Fine Arts degree from Stephens College in Columbia, Missouri.
At the age of 21, Potts was the victim of a car accident which left nearly every bone below her waist broken.
She was nominated for a Golden Globe Award in 1979 for her role in the film.
ABC later looked for a cable network to distribute the series, opting not to air it on network television.
She replaced Tony award nominee Tovah Feldshuh in the role of Pippin's grandmother Berthe.
She is the mother of three sons, Clay , and two with Hayman, James , and Harry .

However, in 1963, a doctor advised him to stop welding because of chalazion forming under his eyelids.

 Anzu Lawson Anzu Lawson, and is an American actress, singer, songwriter, comedian, director and screenwriter.
She has also been credited under the names Cristina Lawson, Cristina Anzu Lawson and Anzu Cristina.
Her American father was in the Navy, stationed in Japan, when he met and married her Japanese-Korean mother, Keiko.
In addition to singing and songwriting, Anzu also plays the piano, guitar and flute.
 Apollonia Kotero Apollonia Kotero is an actress, singer, former model and talent manager of Mexican heritage.
Kotero initially pursued fame and fortune via work as an actress, singer and model.
Written and composed by Prince, the song would later become a worldwide hit single for girl group The Bangles.
During the mid-1980s, Apollonia was linked to Prince, Lorenzo Lamas, Robbin Crosby, and David Lee Roth.
She was the only female in the class and soon began working on the independent circuit and overseas.
Hunter formed a tag team with fellow Kowalski graduate Nikki Roxx in World Xtreme Wrestling known as The Killer Babes.
April was the first female in pro wrestling history to hold the tag team title.
In February 2006, Hunter worked for Carmen Electra's Naked Women's Wrestling League .
While in the NWWL, Hunter broke her nose, which limited the moves she could perform while working for the promotion.
In Women's Extreme Wrestling in April 2006, Hunter formed a tag team known as T & A with Talia Madison.
She held the title for one day before losing it to Cherry Bomb in a four-way match.
Her mother was diagnosed with stage four cancer and her return to the ring was to help out financially.
Hunter was part of the AWR European Tour in November 2010 in France with Booker T, Sandman, Scott Steiner and Kai.
On September 21, 2012, Hunter debuted for Shine Wrestling's SHINE 3 event as the villainous manager of Made In Sin .
All three women would align with Rain and Ivelisse to form the Valkyrie faction at SHINE 6 on January 11, 2013.
She returned for several other appearances in TNA, including matches against Desire, Eric Watts and John Walters.
On June 15, 2010, Hunter claimed that she had turned down a contract offer from TNA the previous month.
She was placed third in her first NPC sanctioned Figure competition November 14, 2009.
She competed in Figure on June 18, 2010 at the Junior Nationals in Chicago.
She was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania but moved to Enterprise, Alabama with her father when her parents divorced.
On August 30, 2006, Hunter married Canadian wrestler, Jordan Danyluk in Las Vegas, Nevada.
They first met at a wrestling show in December 2005 and were engaged after Valentine's Day in 2006.

Winchell was born April Terri Winchell in New York City, New York on January 4, 1960.
The commercials caught the attention of Roseanne, who hired her as a writer on her eponymous sitcom.
This weekend program aired for three years, and enjoyed the fastest growing audience in the history of the station.
In 2005, Winchell signed a deal with U.S. pay-TV service HBO to develop and host a show on Sirius Satellite Radio.
The show was produced by Lily Tomlin and Jane Wagner, who discovered her at Cafe Largo in Hollywood.
Winchell reprised the character to open for Brad Garrett at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas in 2013.
In 2007, she began appearing in their television ads as a reporter-on-the-scene dealing with a hapless studio anchorman.
Winchell's official website contains a link to her IMDB biography and library of unusual and outsider music pieces.
As of March 1, 2012, the Regretsy site had raised over $200,000 for charitable causes.
On, April 17, 2011, Winchell created April's Army, one of the largest selling teams on Etsy.
On December 5, 2011, Regretsy began a Secret Santa program, collecting donations for presents for needy children.
Celi, a Mexican-American, was born Araceli Valdez in El Paso, Texas, one of six children.
She moved to Mexico at age 18 where she had a role on a Spanish language soap opera.

Growing up in an area with very few ethnic minorities led to sentiments of being an outsider.
After graduating in 2007 she spent the summer of that year in Kenya on a two-month humanitarian trip.
Upon her return, she decided to move to Los Angeles where she worked odd jobs while trying to pursue a career in acting.
In 2010, the cosmetic brand Clinique announced Cho as the model for their newest advertisement campaign in Asia.
Cho has appeared in films, television series and commercials in the United States and Asia.
Cho was the co-writer, composer and singer on the single; Ed Huang was co-writer and music producer.
On February 25, 2011, Cho published a self-produced music video for the single on YouTube featuring Tim Lacatena.
Myrin was born on December 10, 1973 in Little Compton, Rhode Island, a seaside fishing village.
Myrin attended the Friends Academy in Dartmouth, Massachusetts, where she graduated in 1988.
Myrin returned to New York and appeared in commercials while working as a waitress and taking acting classes.
Melinda says she was on her way to her mother's funeral when a truck hit her car head on.
On December 30, 2007, Myrin married Dan Martin, a comedy writer she first met in 2001. 
Her mother is from a Jewish family and her father is of Polish Catholic background ; Graynor was raised Jewish.
She has received 3 Young Artist of Hollywood Awards, 2 CARE Awards, and one CLIO Award .
 Aria Wallace Aria Summer Wallace is an American teen television and film actress, and country soul music. 
Her maternal grandmother, who was of Italian ancestry, was a descendant of Renaissance painter Carlo Crivelli.
Richards graduated from Skidmore College in 2001, earning a degree in Fine Art and Drama, with distinction.
She continued with instruction at Art Center College of Design in Pasadena and also attended Western Oregon University.
Richards married Mark Bolton in Oregon, January 2013 and are expecting their first child in November 2015.
In February 2014, Richards was voted #98 on VH1's 100 Greatest Child Stars.
Her paintings, usually of landscapes and figures, tend to be in the style of the impressionists.
She currently resides in Salem, Oregon, and is apprenticing under a professional painter. 

She was also raised at , the Sonnery family estate near Saumur, Maine et Loire.
They were married on June 19, 1993 at Saint-Paul-de-Vence on the Côte d'Azur where they have a villa.
Her brother, Gilbert Sonnery , is a textile executive, having been chairman of J.



Dahl has written more than two dozen books on the topics of beauty and astrology. 
 Arlene Francis Arlene Francis was an American actress, radio talk show host, and game show panelist.
Francis was born on October 20, 1907, in Boston, Massachusetts, the daughter of Leah and Aram Kazanjian.
She remained a New Yorker until she entered a San Francisco nursing home in 1995.
After attending Finch College, Francis had a broad and varied career as an entertainer.
She was a member of the Peabody Awards Board of Jurors from 1980 to 1982.
There were areas which I couldn't discuss even then, which would be too hurtful to him, I felt.
A mugger robbed her of the pendant as she was exiting a New York City taxi in 1988.
Francis died at the age of 93 on May 31, 2001 in San Francisco, California from Alzheimer's disease and cancer.
She began her acting career in her early teens and went professional in a summer-stock troupe.
After a week-long trial run, the play moved to Broadway on December 2, 1958, but closed after only seven performances.
 Arlene Harris Arlene Harris was a Canadian-born American radio, film, and television actress.
She was born in New Orleans, Louisiana, USA and died in Santa Ana, California. 
After meeting director Wesley Ruggles on a train, she got her start in films with his help, then married him.
Her ethnic background is a mix of Latin American, European, Scandinavian and Asian.
At the age of four, Arloa played the Virgin Mary in her church play.
 Armenia Armenia , officially the Republic of Armenia , is a landlocked country in the South Caucasus region of Eurasia.
The Satrapy of Armenia was established in the 6th century BC, after the fall of Urartu.
In the 1st century BC the Kingdom of Armenia reached its height under Tigranes the Great.
The modern Republic of Armenia became independent in 1991 during the dissolution of the Soviet Union.
He relates that the people spoke a language that to his ear sounded like the language of the Persians.
There is evidence of an early civilization in Armenia in the Bronze Age and earlier, dating to about 4000 BC.
The Nairi people and the Kingdom of Urartu successively established their sovereignty over the Armenian Highland.
Each of the aforementioned nations and tribes participated in the ethnogenesis of the Armenian people.
Prior to this, during the latter part of the Parthian period, Armenia was a predominantly Zoroastrian land.
The principality was ruled by the Prince of Armenia, and recognized by the Caliph and the Byzantine Emperor.
Cilicia was a strong ally of the European Crusaders, and saw itself as a bastion of Christendom in the East.
During the 1230s, the Mongol Empire conquered the Zakaryan Principality, as well as the rest of Armenia.
After incessant invasions, each bringing destruction to the country, with time Armenia became weakened.
From the early 16th century, both Western Armenia and Eastern Armenia fell under Iranian Safavid rule.
By now Eastern Armenia would, after centuries of Iranian rule, fall into a Russian dominated era.
However, as Christians under a strict Muslim social system, Armenians faced pervasive discrimination.
The Ottoman Empire began to collapse, and in 1908, the Young Turk Revolution overthrew the government of Sultan Hamid.
Armenian reform package was presented as a solution by appointing an inspector general over Armenian issues.
There was local Armenian resistance in the region, developed against the activities of the Ottoman Empire.
The total number of people killed has been most widely estimated at between 1 and 1.5 million.
This federation, however, lasted from only February to May 1918, when all three parties decided to dissolve it.
At the end of the war, the victorious powers sought to divide up the Ottoman Empire.
There was even consideration of possibly making Armenia a mandate under the protection of the United States.
The treaty, however, was rejected by the Turkish National Movement, and never came into effect.
By 4 December, Ordzhonikidze's forces entered Yerevan and the short-lived Armenian republic collapsed.
With this annexation, the Treaty of Alexandropol was superseded by the Turkish-Soviet Treaty of Kars.
The TSFSR existed from 1922 to 1936, when it was divided up into three separate entities .
An estimated 500,000 Armenians served in the military during the war, and 175,000 died.
Fears decreased when Stalin died in 1953 and Nikita Khruschev emerged as the Soviet Union's new leader.
This occurred after mass demonstrations took place on the tragic event's fiftieth anniversary in 1965.
Compounding Armenia's problems was a devastating earthquake in 1988 with a moment magnitude of 7.2.
In May 1990, the New Armenian Army was established, serving as a defence force separate from the Soviet Red Army.
The violence resulted in the deaths of five Armenians killed in a shootout with the MVD at the railway station.
Witnesses there claimed that the MVD used excessive force and that they had instigated the fighting.
When, in 1991, the Soviet Union was dissolved, Armenia's independence was officially recognized.
This move effectively crippled Armenia's economy as 85% of its cargo and goods arrived through rail traffic.
One study ranks it the 41st most economically free nation in the world, as of 2014.
Gas, oil, and other supplies come through two vital routes: Iran and Georgia.
Armenia lies between latitudes 38° and 42° N, and meridians 43° and 47° E. Topography.
The Republic of Armenia, covering an area of , is located in the north-east of the Armenian Highland.
The climate is highland continental, which means that the country is subjected to hot summers and cold winters.
The land rises to above sea-level at Mount Aragats, and no point is below above sea level.
Mount Ararat, which was historically part of Armenia, is the highest mountain in the region.
Now located in Turkey, but clearly visible in Armenia, it is regarded by the Armenians as a symbol of their land.
Waste management in Armenia is underdeveloped, as no waste sorting or recycling takes place at Armenia's 60 landfills.
Winter sports enthusiasts enjoy skiing down the hills of Tsakhkadzor, located thirty minutes outside Yerevan.
According to the Constitution of Armenia, the President is the head of government and of a multi-party system.
Since 1999, Freedom House's Democracy Score for Armenia has been steadily on the decline .
Tensions were running high between Armenians and Azerbaijanis during the final years of the Soviet Union.
It is a member of the CSTO military alliance, and also participates in NATO's Partnership for Peace programme.
Turkey also has a long history of poor relations with Armenia over its refusal to acknowledge the Armenian Genocide.
Turkey was one of the first countries to recognize the Republic of Armenia after its independence from the USSR in 1991.
It has not lifted its blockade despite pressure from the powerful Turkish business lobby interested in Armenian markets.
Due to its position between two unfriendly neighbours, Armenia has close security ties with Russia.
According to the US Census Bureau, there are 427,822 Armenians living in the country.
Economic projects such a gas pipeline going from Iran to Armenia are in time being developed.
A 2005 survey reported that 64% of Armenia's population would be in favor of joining the EU.
It is also an observer member of the Eurasian Economic Community and the Non-Aligned Movement.
Active forces now number about 81,000 soldiers, with an additional reserve of 32,000 troops.
Armenia acceded to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty as a non-nuclear weapons state in July 1993.
Armenia has engaged in a peacekeeping mission in Kosovo as part of non-NATO KFOR troops under Greek command.
As of 2007, Armenia includes 915 communities, of which 49 are considered urban and 866 are considered rural.
Small deposits of coal, gas, and petroleum exist but have not yet been developed.
The GDP fell nearly 60% between 1989 and 1993, but then resumed robust growth.
The national currency, the dram, suffered hyperinflation for the first years after its introduction in 1993.
Being a growing democratic state, Armenia also hopes to get more financial aid from the Western World.
Armenia ranked 78th on the 2010 UNDP Human Development Index, the lowest among the Transcaucasian republics.
In the 2007 Transparency International Corruption Perceptions Index , Armenia ranked 99 of 179 countries.
In the 2008 Index of Economic Freedom, Armenia ranked 28th, ahead of countries like Austria, France, Portugal and Italy.
Armenia has a population of 3,238,000 and is the second most densely populated of the former Soviet republics.
There has been a problem of population decline due to elevated levels of emigration after the break-up of the USSR.
However, in the past years, the emigration levels have levelled and there is steady population growth.
Other minorities include Assyrians, Ukrainians, Pontic Greeks , Kurds, Georgians, and Belarusians.
There are also smaller communities of Vlachs, Mordvins, Ossetians, Udis, and Tats.
During the Soviet era, Azerbaijanis were historically the second largest population in the country .
However, due to the conflict over Nagorno-Karabakh, virtually all of them emigrated from Armenia to Azerbaijan.
However, more adults think that English should be taught in public secondary schools than those who prefer Russian .
Armenia was the first nation to adopt Christianity as a state religion, an event traditionally dated to AD 301.
Because of these two founding apostles, the official name of the Armenian Church is Armenian Apostolic Church.
The Armenian Apostolic Church is in communion only with a group of churches within Oriental Orthodoxy.
The Yazidi Kurds, who live in the western part of the country, practice Yazidism.
In 1989 some 58% of Armenians over age fifteen had completed their secondary education, and 14% had a higher education.
In the 1990–91 school year, the estimated 1,307 primary and secondary schools were attended by 608,800 students.
In the early 1990s, Armenia made substantial changes to the centralized and regimented Soviet system.
In 1995 YSMI was renamed to YSMU and since 1989 it has been named after Mkhitar Heratsi, the famous medieval doctor.
Iran, Syria, Lebanon, Georgia, but also many other leading countries all over the world.
The American University of Armenia has graduate programs in Business and Law, among others.
The extension programs and the library at AUA form a new focal point for English-language intellectual life in the city.
Armenia also hosts a deployment of OLPC - One Laptopschool Per child XO laptop-tablet schools.
Instruments like the duduk, the dhol, the zurna, and the kanun are commonly found in Armenian folk music.
Artists such as Sayat Nova are famous due to their influence in the development of Armenian folk music.
Certain Armenians settled to sing non-Armenian tunes such as the heavy metal band System of a Down or pop star Cher.
Obsidian, which is found locally, is crafted into assortment of jewellery and ornamental objects.
Armenian gold smithery enjoys a long tradition, populating one corner of the market with a selection of gold items.
Across from the Opera House, a popular art market fills another city park on the weekends.
Medieval, Iron Age, Bronze Age and even Stone Age sites are all within a few hours drive from the city.
On April 13, 2013, the Armenian government announced a change in law to allow freedom of panorama for 3D works of art.
Armenia's mountainous terrain provides great opportunities for the practice of sports like skiing and climbing.
Being a landlocked country, water sports can only be practiced on lakes, notably Lake Sevan.
Competitively, Armenia has been successful in chess, weightlifting and wrestling at the international level.
Since the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, Armenia has participated as an independent nation.
It also participates in the Winter Olympic Games in alpine skiing, cross-country skiing and figure skating.
In 2005, a cycling center was opened in Yerevan with the aim of helping produce world class Armenian cyclists.
The government has also promised a cash reward of $700,000 to Armenians who win a gold medal at the Olympics.
Armenian cuisine is as ancient as the history of Armenia, a combination of different tastes and aromas.
She is married to television news anchor/reporter Elliott Francis, and they have one child, Trevor.
 Ashlee Simpson Ashlee Simpson Ross is an American singer-songwriter, actress, and media personality.
The project went on to sell over five million copies worldwide, making it her most successful album to date.
The failure of the film, along with multiple critically panned performances, led to much media scrutiny towards Simpson.
The album went on to receive a platinum certification from the Recording Industry Association of America .
In 2006, Simpson began a relationship with Fall Out Boy member Pete Wentz, which gained much media attention.
The album differed from the pop-rock sound of her previous efforts, featuring a dance-pop and 1980s themed sound.
Simpson announced her engagement to Wentz in April of 2008, with the pair wedding the following month.
Despite having taken time to focus on being a mother, Simpson announced a fourth studio album that same year.
She began dating actor Evan Ross in 2013, with the couple marrying in August of 2014.
Though the age requirement for the school was twelve, Simpson's father admitted to lying about her age.
The Simpson family relocated to Los Angeles, California in 1999, as Jessica pursued a singing career.
Simpson later began writing and recording demos, in hopes of finding a record label.
Simpson briefly dated actor Josh Henderson in 2003, though the couple ended their relationship in July of that year.
During this time, Simpson also died her naturally blonde hair brown, a decision that received media attention.
The couple later began a romantic relationship, with Cabrera inspiring multiple songs for Simpson's album.
Simpson wanted her debut album to consist of pop-rock music, as she did not listen to pop music.
The project was produced by John Shanks, while Simpson co-wrote all of the songs on the album.
The success of the album and its lead single was attributed to the exposure from her reality television series.
The song received a positive critical reception, with some praising it as a highlight for the album.
Despite a low peak on the Hot 100 chart, the song went on to receive a gold certification from the RIAA.
Simpson and Ryan Cabrera ended their relationship, though the two maintained a good relationship.
Simpson appeared as a musical guest during halftime at the Orange Bowl in Miami, Florida.
Much like her previous release, Simpson co-wrote all of the songs on the album.
The collapse and her subsequent hospitalization were attributed to exhaustion as a result of her busy work schedule.
Simpson embarked on her I Am Me Tour in the final months of 2005, and began dating her drummer Braxton Olita.
The single was released in June of 2006, and went on to peak at number 21 on the Hot 100.
It became her second single to enter the top ten of the Mainstream Top 40 chart based on pop radio airplay.
The song featured elements of synthpop, and was heavily influenced by the pop-music scene of the 1980s.
She changed her surname from Simpson to Wentz, and during the marriage was known professionally as Ashlee Simpson-Wentz.
The song did not receive a European release, and hit a peak of 96 on the Hot 100 chart in the United States.
She was originally signed to the show as a regular, but producers and CW executives decided to write out her character.
Despite this, Ashlee's sister has spoken out against the series, claiming that Simpson brought the show free press.
She began her Broadway run on November 30, 2009 and performed in New York for eight shows a week until February 7, 2010.
She created a fashion line aimed at girls aged seven to sixteen in collaboration with her sister's successful brand.
Simpson is the co-creative director of the line, which was released in the winter of 2011.
The single featured explicit lyrics and a racy music video, though failed to have any success.
Simpson later claimed that the album was developing more of an electronic sound, though it would go unreleased.
In July 2013, it was reported that Simpson had begun dating actor Evan Ross, son of singer Diana Ross.
Simpson and Ross became engaged in January 2014, and married on August 30, 2014, at Diana Ross's estate in Connecticut.
In July 2015, Simpson gave birth to her second child, a daughter named Jagger Snow.
The same month, Simpson and her husband filed requests to change their surname to Ross-Næss.
Næss is her husband's original legal surname , while Ross is his mother's surname.
She trains with a vocal coach, and studies Etta James and Aretha Franklin albums for vocal inspiration.
In December 2013, Ashley starred in the show Aladdin and His Winter Wish at the Pasadena Playhouse.
This same month, she was nominated for the Libby Award by Peta2 for her work with adoption practices.
In 2014, she got the recurring role of Lou on the ABC Family drama The Fosters. 


She started dancing competitively in ballet, jazz, hip hop, and lyrical at age four.
At age four, she was asked to audition to sing solo at four Christmas services at her church.
She also appeared in a Lil' Romeo music video as a schoolgirl in 2002.
Prior to Alison's death, Hanna was a bulimic girl who Alison frequently mocked due to being overweight.
The series premiered to 2.47 million viewers with Benson's performance being praised by critics.
Filming took place in March and April 2012, and the film was released in March 2013.



Edner was born in Downey, California, the daughter of Cindy and Bob Edner, and the younger sister of actor Bobby Edner.
 Ashley Gardner Ashley Gardner is an South African-born American stage, film, television and voice actress.
She moved to Los Angeles, California, at the age of 17 to pursue an acting career.
Greene graduated from high school early and moved to L.A. to pursue an acting career.
Greene has stated that she grew up watching football and is a Florida Gators fan.
When she was four years of age, her parents divorced and Hartman lived with Knutsen and her two sisters.
As a model, Hinshaw has appeared in an advertising campaign for Abercrombie & Fitch.
Hinshaw portrays the role of Emily, best friend to the film's lead, played by Miley Cyrus.
The film was released in May 2012 on a limited release in the United States.
Hinshaw portrays Angelina, a troubled young woman who comes to San Francisco and joins the porn industry.
She was cast as Casey Letter, a blogger who regularly carries her camera with her.
Filming began in May 2011 and continued for eighteen weeks, ending in August 2011.
The film was released in February 2012 and grossed $126,266,180 worldwide, surpassing its $15 million budget.
She is a well known Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball fan, being present at most games.
At the time of her birth, her mother was unemployed; she did not become well known as a singer until the early 1980s.
She also lived in Marin County, California, for two years during grade school.
She graduated from the UK Honors Program and was nominated to Phi Beta Kappa, but did not graduate with her class.
Goody's declared bankruptcy a year later due to slow sales and its last store closed in February 2009.
In early 2012, however, her image suddenly disappeared from American' Beauty's web site.
It grossed only $1,100 total in its theatrical release and received a 17% Rotten Tomatoes rating .
In 2015, Judd became the first woman to narrate the opening for the telecast of the Kentucky Derby.
Since the demise of the Champ Car World Series, Franchitti has raced in IndyCar and NASCAR.
She has been a guest columnist for a local Kentucky newspaper, writing about the NCAA championships.
A disagreement between Judd and Indy race car driver Milka Duno took place during the 2007 Indy Racing League season.
When a car is 10 miles off the pace, it's not appropriate to be racing.
On May 9, 2007, it was announced that Judd had completed her bachelor's degree in French at the University of Kentucky.
DeGeneres then surprised Judd by presenting her with her diploma, which DeGeneres had acquired from the university.
Judd was awarded an Honorary Doctor of Humane Letters from Union College in Barbourville, Kentucky on May 9, 2009.
This is a one-year degree as opposed to the similar-sounding two year Masters in Public Administration .
In 2011, she joined the Leadership Council of the International Center for Research on Women .
On September 8, 2010, CNN interviewed Judd about her second humanitarian mission to the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Judd traveled with the Enough Project, a project to end genocide and crimes against humanity.
The op-ed is excerpted from Ashley Judd's trip diary from her trip to eastern Congo.
Judd endorsed Alison Lundergan Grimes, Secretary of State of Kentucky after she announced her candidacy. 
She also appeared in Slipknot's short film for their song Snuff, which was released in December 2009.

She attended a local Montessori school where, at age 13, she had her first taste of acting in an opera production.
Roberts cites Goldie Hawn, Kate Moss, Sienna Miller and Gwen Stefani as her main role models and inspirations.
It premièred on August 8, 2008 in the UK to mixed but mainly positive reviews.
Roberts announced that she was in the studio recording songs for her first solo album.
On her official blog, Roberts announced that she would work on a number of different projects.
Roberts also shot a pilot for MTV with Aubrey O'Day, Marques Houston, and Amanda Ghost.
Despite not winning, she proved to be a popular public figure in the United Kingdom during her time on the show.
However, she was eliminated in the second week, after losing the Jump-off to Louise Thompson.
Roberts has launched her first line of lingerie designed for the beach in Sydney, Australia.
Later in 2013, it was reported that Roberts had begun a relationship with TV presenter Matt Johnson.

She was born on July 13, 1977 in Metairie, Louisiana, but raised in Charleston, South Carolina.
She began her modeling career as a young girl and was a 1993 Elite Model Look finalist.
Ashley Lyn Cafagna was born in Iowa City, Iowa, the first of three children.
At the age of six she began entering beauty pageants, and won several local pageants from ages six through eight.
At the age of ten she entered a local talent contest in San Diego, California.
After a long process of acting, modeling, and interviews, she took first place out of three hundred contestants.
As a model Ashley Tesoro has worked for companies such as Radiosa Gowns, Levi's and Tommy Hilfiger.
In 2007 Ashley Tesoro made her country music debut with a self-titled EP on Tesoro Records.
The album was produced by Ron Aniello, mixed by Mike Shipley, and mastered by Joe Gastwirt.
This country gospel album was produced by Ron Aniello, mixed by Clif Norrell, and mastered by Joe Gastwirt.
In August 2010 Ashley Tesoro opened for Jackson Browne at a private event in Santa Barbara, California.
This A cappella and acoustic gospel album was produced by Ron Aniello and mixed and mastered by Alec Dixon.
She has trained in boxing, kickboxing, Karate, Tang Soo Do, and grappling. 
Yennie was born on May 15, 1985 in Riverton, Wyoming, and is the youngest of three sisters.
At the age of 19, Yennie moved to New York City and attended the New York Conservatory for Dramatic Arts.


In 2015, Athens was ranked the world's 29th richest city by purchasing power and the 67th most expensive in a UBS study.
The municipality of Athens had a population of 664,046 within its administrative limits, and a land area of .
The city also retains Roman and Byzantine monuments, as well as a smaller number of Ottoman monuments.
Athens is home to two UNESCO World Heritage Sites, the Acropolis of Athens and the medieval Daphni Monastery.
During the medieval period the name of the city was rendered once again in the singular as .
On the other hand, Döderlein proposed the stem of the verb , stem θη- to denote Athens as having fertile soil.
However, Athens, like many other Bronze Age settlements, went into economic decline for around 150 years afterwards.
By the 6th century BC, widespread social unrest led to the reforms of Solon.
These would pave the way for the eventual introduction of democracy by Cleisthenes in 508 BC.
The resulting tensions brought about the Peloponnesian War , in which Athens was defeated by its rival Sparta.
By the mid-4th century BC, the northern Greek kingdom of Macedon was becoming dominant in Athenian affairs.
Later, under Rome, Athens was given the status of a free city because of its widely admired schools.
In 1458 it was conquered by the Ottoman Empire and entered a long period of decline.
At the time it was a town of modest size built around the foot of the Acropolis.
Beyond Mount Aegaleo lies the Thriasian plain, which forms an extension of the central plain to the west.
Lycabettus is one of the tallest hills of the city proper and provides a view of the entire Attica Basin.
The Cephissus river,the Ilisos and the Eridanos stream are the historical rivers of Athens.
With an average of of yearly precipitation, rainfall occurs largely between the months of October and April.
July and August are the driest months, where thunderstorms occur sparsely once or twice a month.
The annual precipitation of Athens is typically lower than in other parts of Greece, mainly in western Greece.
As an example, Ioannina receives around per year, and Agrinio around per year.
Athens became the capital of Greece in 1834, following Nafplion, which was the provisional capital from 1829.
The municipality is divided into seven municipal districts which are mainly used for administrative purposes.
They are often to be found in the same areas, as Athens is not marked by a uniformity of architectural style.
Thus, the Hellenic Parliament was the first important public building to be built, between 1836 and 1843.
The centre of Athens was largely rebuilt, leading to the demolition of a number of neoclassical buildings.
For the Athenians, all the urban municipalities surrounding the city centre are called suburbs.
In the northern suburb of Maroussi, the upgraded main Olympic Complex dominates the skyline.
Casinos operate on both Mount Parnitha, some from downtown Athens , and the nearby town of Loutraki .
Hiking and mountain-biking in all four mountains are popular outdoor activities for residents of the city.
The route in its entirety provides visitors with views of the Parthenon and the Agora , away from the busy city centre.
Also to be found is the Pedion tou Areos of 27.7 hectares, near the National Archaeological Museum.
Athens' largest zoo is the Attica Zoological Park, a 20-hectare private zoo located in the suburb of Spata.
The zoo is home to around 2000 animals representing 400 species, and is open 365 days a year.
Smaller zoos exist within public gardens or parks, such as the zoo within the National Garden of Athens.
The four regional units that make up what is referred to as Greater Athens have a combined population of 2,640,701.
In ancient times the port of Piraeus was a separate city, but it has now been absorbed into the Athens Urban Area.
By this process Athens has engulfed many former suburbs and villages in Attica, and continues to do so.
Athens and Piraeus municipalities serve as the two metropolitan centres of the Athens Metropolitan Area.
For example, Kifissia and Glyfada serve as inter-municipal centres for northern and southern suburbs respectively.
Athens was voted as the third best European city to visit in 2015 by European Best Destination.
In addition to a large number of multiplexes, Athens plays host to open air garden cinemas.
The city also supports music venues, including the Athens Concert Hall , which attracts world class artists.
The biggest stadium in the country, it hosted two finals of the UEFA Champions League, in 1994 and 2007.
In 2004 Greece's national soccer team won the UEFA European Championship Finals in Portugal.
Events in other sports such as athletics, volleyball, water polo etc., have been hosted in the capital's venues.
Athens is home to three European multi-sport clubs: Olympiacos, Panathinaikos, AEK Athens.
After 1930, wavering among American and European musical influences as well as the Greek musical tradition.
Other forms of song popular today in Greece are elafrolaika, entechno, dimotika, and skyladika.
The second higher education institution in the city is the Athens Polytechnic School, found in Patission Street.
Measures taken by the Greek authorities throughout the 1990s have improved the quality of air over the Attica Basin.
Nevertheless, air pollution still remains an issue for Athens, particularly during the hottest summer days.
Damage to the park has led to worries over a stalling in the improvement of air quality in the city.
The crisis eased by mid-January when authorities began taking the garbage to a temporary landfill.
Athens is serviced by a variety of transportation means, forming the largest mass transit system of Greece.
All of the 366 trolleybuses are equipped to enable them to run on diesel in case of power failure.
While its main purpose is transport, it also houses Greek artifacts found during construction of the system.
The Red Line runs from Anthoupoli station to Elliniko station and covers a distance of .
The line connects the western suburbs of Athens with the southeast suburbs passing through the center of Athens.
The new stations will be Agia Barvara, Koridallos, Nikaia, Maniatika, Piraeus and Dimotiko Theatro station.
The line is set to be extended to Agios Stefanos, a suburb located to the north of Athens, reaching to .
Athens' Metropolitan Area is served by the motorway network of the Attiki Odos toll-motorway .
The span of the Attiki Odos in all its length is , making it the largest metropolitan motorway network in all of Greece.
1896 brought forth the revival of the modern Olympic Games, by Frenchman Pierre de Coubertin.
In 1896, the city had a population of 123,000 and the event helped boost the city's international profile.
Of the venues used for these Olympics, the Kallimarmaro Stadium, and Zappeion were most crucial.
The 1906 Summer Olympics, or the 1906 Intercalated games, were held in Athens.
It was to be the second time Athens would host the games, following the inaugural event of 1896.
After an unsuccessful bid in 1990, the 1997 bid was radically improved, including an appeal to Greece's Olympic history.
In the last round of voting, Athens defeated Rome with 66 votes to 41.
From that point forward, preparations continued at a highly accelerated, almost frenzied pace.
Some of the finest sporting venues in the world were created in the city, all of which were fully ready for the games.
Concerts and theatrical shows like those of the troupe Cirque du Soleil have recently been held in the complex.
The 2011 Special Olympics World Summer Games was held from June, 25th 2011 – July, 4th 2011 in Athens, Greece.
Over 7,500 athletes, from 185 countries, competed in a total of twenty-two sports International relations.
In 2015, she was on the show Battle Creek which was cancelled after only one season.
England was born in Los Angeles, California, and graduated from UCLA with a concentration in cinematography.
She has appeared in 14 movies and has made several guest appearances on various television shows.
Audie has been married to director/producer, Peter M. Lenkov for many years and they have two sons together.
As of 2014, she hasn't been credited on any other roles since 2000. 
At the time of her birth, her father was stationed with the U.S. Army.
McDonald graduated from the Roosevelt School of the Arts program within Theodore Roosevelt High School in Fresno.
She got her start in acting with Dan Pessano and Good Company Players, beginning in their Junior Company.
She studied classical voice as an undergraduate under Ellen Faull at the Juilliard School, graduating in 1993.
For this role, McDonald won her fifth Tony Award and her first in a Leading Actress category.
After previews that began on March 25, 2014, the play opened at the Circle in the Square Theatre on April 13, 2014.
I am standing on Diahann Carroll and Ruby Dee, and most of all, Billie Holiday.
You deserved so much more than you were given when you were on this planet.
George C. Wolfe is linked to direct and the production would play an unnamed theater during the 2015/16 season.
However, in March 2015 Winfrey announced that she has decided not to appear in the play.
It is scheduled to begin previews on March 14, 2016, and open on April 21 at the Music Box Theatre.
They have one daughter, Zoe, named after McDonald's close friend Zoe Caldwell.
 Audrey Chapman Audrey Chapman was an actress in motion pictures of the silent film era from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Chapman dons twenty-two gowns in all, ranging from filmy negligee to elaborate fur-trimmed costumes.
Between 1918 and 1923 Chapman has ten screen credits in a brief Hollywood film career.
Also in 1928 she was one of thirteen girls named WAMPAS Baby Stars, alongside actress Sue Carol, among others.
However, she never received many lead roles, and starred in only one film that year, and another two in 1932.
She retired shortly thereafter, eventually settling in Los Angeles, where she died in 1990, aged 80. 
Music was always a passion, and Landers began writing poetry and songs at a young age.
Her partner , Ruth Landers, produced the series and donated it to Public Television for its 5-year run.
She attended and graduated from Barbizon Modeling and Acting School in Ft. Worth, Texas.
Born as Audrey Cotter in New York City in 1922, she was the youngest of four siblings.
She attended high school at the Barrington School for Girls in Great Barrington, Massachusetts.
Meadows had auditioned for Gleason and was initially turned down for being too chic and pretty to play Alice.
Meadows submitted a far different photo of herself, looking much plainer, the next day and won the role of Alice.
Meadows served as director of the First National Bank of Denver for 11 years, the first woman to hold this position.
In 1995, Meadows was diagnosed with lung cancer and given a year to live.
She was the model or inspiration for more than fifteen statues in New York City and appeared in four silent films.
Audrey Marie Munson was born in Rochester, New York on June 8, 1891.
For the next decade, Munson became the model of choice for a host of sculptors and painters in New York City.
She posed for three quarters of the sculptures at that event as well as for numerous paintings and murals.
The censors were reluctant to ban the film, fearing they would also have to ban Renaissance art.
Munson returned to New York in 1919 and was living with her mother in a boarding house owned by Dr. Walter Wilkins.
Wilkins fell in love with Munson and murdered his wife, Julia, so he could be available for marriage.
On May 27, 1922, she swallowed a solution of bichloride of mercury in an attempt to take her own life.
In 1931, a judge ordered the 39-year-old Munson into a psychiatric facility for treatment.
She was to remain there for the next 65 years, until her death in 1996 at the age of 104.
Quock was born in New York, New York in Manhattan and is of Chinese descent.
Quock has a bachelor's degree in Fashion Design from the Fashion Institute of Technology in New York. 
Although she appeared in various film genres, she became most widely known to movie audiences in film noir productions.
Totter died of a stroke on December 12, 2013, eight days before her 96th birthday.
Upon her death, her remains were donated to science at the UCLA Medical School.
She voiced Ortensia, Oswald the Lucky Rabbit's cat wife in ', and the League of Assassins member in '.
Also in 2010 she played the character of Deb in the film Lying to be Perfect.
During its production, she was cast in positions with Quixote Studios and Epic Records.
Her final episode of the series was supposed to be on December 1, 2009.
In August 2008, Patridge purchased a house in Los Angeles' Hollywood Dell neighborhood.
On February 22, 2009, Patridge's home was burgled by two members of the Bling Ring.
She appeared in an ad for PETA, encouraging people to adopt rather than buy pets.
She also ranked at #16 in FHM's 100 Sexiest Women poll in 2010.
The series premiered on April 17, 2011, with disappointing ratings, and it was cancelled after only one season.
She died in 2008, aged 89, from undisclosed causes, in Dobbs Ferry, New York.
 Aunjanue Ellis Aunjanue L. Ellis is an American film, stage, and television actress, and producer.
She later had leading roles in a number of independent movies, and co-starred in several mainstream films.
Ellis was born in San Francisco, California, and raised on her grandmother's farm in McComb, Mississippi.
During her years in Brown University, Ellis made her debut on the student play.
She went on to study acting in the Graduate Acting Program at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts.
The film also stars Nate Parker, Aja Naomi King, Armie Hammer and Gabrielle Union.
She was paralyzed from the waist down in a 1992 car accident and continued her career.
Reeser was born in La Jolla, California, the daughter of Kim and Tom Reeser.
Reeser performed musical theater in her hometown from the age of six until she left at seventeen.
After graduating from Carlsbad High School, she moved to Los Angeles to study at UCLA.
She first appeared during the third season and joined as a regular cast member the following season.
On May 9, 2009, Reeser married writer/director Jesse Warren in Ojai, California.
They have two sons: Finneus James Warren, born on May 10, 2011 and Dashiell Ford Warren, born on November 25, 2013.

Gardner continued to act regularly until 1986, four years before her death in London in 1990 at the age of 67.
She is listed 25th among the American Film Institute's 25 Greatest Female Stars of Classic Hollywood Cinema.
Gardner was born near the farming community of Smithfield, North Carolina, the youngest of 7 children .
While there are varying accounts of her background, Gardner's only documented ancestry was English.
While in Newport News, Gardner's father became ill and died from bronchitis in 1938, when Ava was 15 years old.
She then attended secretarial classes at Atlantic Christian College in Wilson for about a year.
A Loews Theatres legal clerk, Barnard Duhan, spotted Gardner's photo in Tarr's studio.
At the time, Duhan often posed as an MGM talent scout to meet girls, using the fact that MGM was a subsidiary of Loews.
Duhan entered Tarr's and tried to get Gardner's number, but was rebuffed by the receptionist.
He did not attempt to record her voice because her Southern accent made it almost impossible for him to understand her.
She was nominated for a BAFTA and a Golden Globe award for her hearty performance in this signature role.
Soon after her arrival in Los Angeles, Gardner met fellow MGM contract player Mickey Rooney.
They married on January 10, 1942, when she was 19 years old and he was 21.
Gardner's second marriage was brief as well, to jazz musician and bandleader Artie Shaw, from 1945 to 1946.
Gardner's third and last marriage was to singer and actor Frank Sinatra, from 1951 to 1957.
She would later say in her autobiography that he was the love of her life.
Sinatra left his wife, Nancy, for Gardner and their subsequent marriage made headlines.
After a lifetime of smoking, Gardner suffered from emphysema, as well as an unidentified auto-immune disorder.
She died of pneumonia at the age of 67, at her London home, 34 Ennismore Gardens, where she had lived since 1968.


She was born in Los Angeles, California, to a Turkish father and an American mother.
Her father is Turkish and she is fluent in English, Turkish, and speaks French and Italian as well.
She and Williams wed at his home in Mulholland Estates in Beverly Hills on August 7 2010.
On 30 March 2012, Williams and Field announced they were expecting their first child together, a girl.
On September 18, 2012 the couple welcomed their first child, daughter Theodora Rose 'Teddy' Williams.
Kell has appeared in many international commercials for Disney, Sony, Mattel, and Pringles.
It was also the first Muslim-majority country after Egypt to have operas, theaters and modern universities.
The country was incorporated into the Soviet Union in 1920 as the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic.
Azerbaijan proclaimed its independence on 30 August 1991, before the official dissolution of the USSR.
The country is a member state of the Council of Europe, the OSCE and the NATO Partnership for Peace program.
Azerbaijan has a high level of human development which ranks on par with most Eastern European countries.
It has a high rate of economic development and literacy, as well as a low rate of unemployment.
The ruling party, New Azerbaijan Party, has been accused of authoritarianism and human rights abuses.
The original etymology of this name is thought to have its roots in the once-dominant Zoroastrian religion.
Following the Scythians, Iranian Medes came to dominate the area to the south of the Aras.
The Medes forged a vast empire between 900–700 BC, which was integrated into the Achaemenids Empire around 550 BC.
Later it became part of Alexander the Great's Empire and its successor, the Seleucid Empire.
The first of these Turkic dynasties established was the Seljuqs, which entered the area now known as Azerbaijan by 1067.
The next ruling state of the Jalayirids was short-lived and fell under the conquests of Timur.
Following Timur's death, two independent and rival states emerged: Kara Koyunlu and Ak Koyunlu.
The Shirvanshahs returned, maintaining a high degree of autonomy as local rulers and vassals from 861 until 1539.
These khanates, though often self-ruling, were vassals and subjects of the Iranian shah .
The khanates exercised control over their affairs via international trade routes between Central Asia and the West.
Furthermore, the number of ethnic Azerbaijanis in Iran far outnumber those in neighbouring Azerbaijan.
When the republic dissolved in May 1918, Azerbaijan declared independence as the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic .
By March 1920, it was obvious that Soviet Russia would attack the much-needed Baku.
Vladimir Lenin said that the invasion was justified as Soviet Russia could not survive without Baku's oil.
On the other hand, Armenia was awarded the region of Zangezur and Turkey agreed to return Gyumri .
A fifth of all Azerbaijanis fought in the Second World War from 1941 to 1945.
Furthermore, an estimated 30,000 people had been killed and more than a million people had been displaced.
According to the 1970 census, there were 510,000 ethnic Russians and 484,000 Armenians in Azerbaijan.
The coup was averted, resulting in the killing of the latter and disbanding of Azerbaijan's OMON units.
At the same time, the country was tainted by rampant corruption in the governing bureaucracy.
Three men were sentenced to life in prison on charges of plotting attacks in Baku in a conspiracy with Iran.
Azerbaijan is in the South Caucasus region of Eurasia, straddling Western Asia and Eastern Europe.
The coastline stretches for , and the length of the widest area of the Azerbaijani section of the Caspian Sea is .
The territory of Azerbaijan extends from north to south, and from west to east.
The highest peak of Azerbaijan is mount Bazardüzü , while the lowest point lies in the Caspian Sea .
The largest lake is Sarysu , and the longest river is Kur , which is transboundary.
Azerbaijan's four main islands in the Caspian Sea have a combined area of over thirty square kilometers.
Within four years protected areas doubled and now make up eight percent of the country's territory.
The Greater Caucasus protects the country from direct influences of cold air masses coming from the north.
That leads to the formation of subtropical climate on most foothills and plains of the country.
Both the absolute minimum temperature and the absolute maximum temperature were observed in Julfa and Ordubad.
The Kura and Aras are the most popular rivers in Azerbaijan, they run through the Kura-Aras Lowland.
Animal carvings on architectural monuments, ancient rocks and stones survived up to the present times.
The Karabakh horse has a reputation for its good temper, speed, elegance and intelligence.
It is one of the oldest breeds, with ancestry dating to the ancient world.
About 67 percent of the species growing in the whole Caucasus can be found in Azerbaijan.
European observers found numerous irregularities in the run-up to the election and on election day.
The executive power is held by the President, who is elected for a 5-year term by direct elections.
The president is authorized to form the Cabinet, an inferior executive body, subordinated to him.
The Cabinet of Azerbaijan consists primarily of the Prime Minister, his Deputies and Ministers.
The president does not have the right to dissolve the National Assembly, but he has the right to veto its decisions.
To override the presidential veto, the parliament must have a majority of 95 votes.
The judicial power is vested in the Constitutional Court, Supreme Court and the Economic Court.
The Security Council is the deliberative body under the president, and he organizes it according to the Constitution.
Azerbaijan has diplomatic relations with 158 countries so far and holds membership in 38 international organizations.
It also maintains good relations with the European Union and could potentially one day apply for membership.
The original date of the establishment of the short-lived National Army is celebrated as Army Day in today's Azerbaijan.
The armed forces have three branches: the Land Forces, the Air Forces and the Navy.
Additionally the armed forces embrace several military sub-groups that can be involved in state defense when needed.
Azerbaijan has deployed 151 of its Peacekeeping Forces in Iraq and another 184 in Afghanistan.
Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev said on 26 June 2011 that the defence spending reached $3.3 billion that year.
Pushed up by spending and demand growth, the 2007 Q1 inflation rate reached 16.6%.
In 2008, Azerbaijan was cited as one of the top 10 reformers by the World Bank's Doing Business Report.
Azerbaijan is also ranked 57th in the Global Competitiveness Report for 2010–2011, which is above other CIS countries.
Azeriqaz, a sub-company of SOCAR, intends to ensure full gasification of the country by 2021.
In some lands it is profitable to grow grain, potatoes, sugar beets, cotton and tobacco.
Some portions of most products that were previously imported from abroad have begun to be produced locally .
In the recent years, Azerbaijan has also becoming a popular destination for religious, spa, and health care tourism.
During winter, the Shahdag Mountain Resort offers skiing with state of the art facilities.
The government of Azerbaijan has set the development of Azerbaijan as an elite tourist destination as a top priority.
It is a national strategy to make tourism a major, if not the single largest, contributor to the Azerbaijani economy.
The transport sector in the country includes roads, railways, aviation, and maritime transport.
Shah Deniz is expected to produce up to 296 billion cubic meters of natural gas per year.
In the same year, the country became a member of the Vienna Convention on Road Traffic.
There are four GSM providers: Azercell, Bakcell, Azerfon , Nakhtel mobile network operators and one CDMA.
The sex ratio for total population in that year was therefore 0.97 males per female.
The CIA World Factbook estimates Iranian Azerbaijanis as comprising 16% of Iran's population.
In total, Azerbaijan has 77 cities, 64 smaller -class cities, and one special legal status city.
The official language is Azerbaijani, which is spoken by approximately 92% of the population as a mother tongue.
Russian and English play significant roles as second or third languages of education and communication.
Under article 48 of its Constitution, Azerbaijan is a secular state and ensures religious freedom.
According to Soviet data, 100 percent of males and females were literate in 1970.
According to the United Nations Development Program Report 2009, the literacy rate in Azerbaijan is 99.5 percent.
In Baku several newspapers are published in Russian, Kurdish , Lezgian and Talysh languages.
For centuries Azerbaijani music has evolved under the badge of monody, producing rhythmically diverse melodies.
Azerbaijani music has a branchy mode system, where chromatization of major and minor scales is of great importance.
When performing mugham, the singers have to transform their emotions into singing and music.
Azerbaijan's ashiq art was included in the list of Intangible Cultural Heritage by the UNESCO on 30 September 2009.
The country's entry gained the third place in 2009 and fifth the following year.
In Persian ghazals he used his pen-name, while his Turkic ghazals were composed under his own name of Hasanoghlu.
The Divan and Ghazal styles were further developed by poets Qasim al-Anvar, Fuzuli and Khatai .
Along with Turks, Turkmens and Uzbeks, Azeris also celebrate the Epic of Koroglu , a legendary folk hero.
Modern literature in Azerbaijan is based on the Shirvani dialect mainly, while in Iran it is based on the Tabrizi one.
In the mid-19th century, it was taught in the schools of Baku, Ganja, Shaki, Tbilisi, and Yerevan.
Since 1845, it has also been taught in the University of Saint Petersburg in Russia.
Azerbaijanis have a rich and distinctive culture, a major part of which is decorative and applied art.
In November 2010 the Azerbaijani carpet was proclaimed a Masterpiece of Intangible Heritage by UNESCO.
Azerbaijan has been since the ancient times known as a center of a large variety of crafts.
The traditional cuisine is famous for an abundance of vegetables and greens used seasonally in the dishes.
Saffron-rice plov is the flagship food in Azerbaijan and black tea is the national beverage.
Among the most recent architectural monuments, the Baku subways are noted for their lavish decor.
Just like today, the oil industry attracted foreigners eager to invest and to work.
Once again, both choice of content and sponsorship of films are largely left up to the initiative of the filmmaker.
Sport in Azerbaijan has ancient roots, and even now, both traditional and modern sports are still practiced.
The most successful Azerbaijani football clubs are Neftchi Baku, Inter Baku, Qarabağ, and Khazar Lankaran.
In 2014, Qarabağ became the second Azerbaijani club advancing to the group stage of UEFA Europa League.
As of 2014, country's home of Shamkir Chess a category 22 event and one of the highest rated tournaments of all time.
The game is very popular in Azerbaijan and is widely played among the local public.
Over the last years, clubs like Rabita Baku and Azerrail Baku achieved great success at European cups.
Azerbaijan has a Formula One race-track and country will be hosting its first Formula One Grand Prix in 2016.
On 8 December 2012, Baku was selected to host the 2015 European Games, the first to be held in competition's history.
The most important annual sporting events held in the country are Baku Cup and Tour d'Azerbaïdjan cycling race. 


She has also done voices for video games, including: Other acting and singing work.
She worked with all the funny men of the day, including Harry Langdon and Chester Conklin.
Later, a heart condition necessitated a loss of 100 pounds, and her movie offers declined along with her weight.
The Bouteljes lived their final years at the home until Boutelje's death on July 29, 1979.
She is the daughter of Manijeh and Hamid Soomekh, who owned a women's high fashion company.
She attended Sinai Akiba Academy and Beverly Hills High School, where she played the violin in the school orchestra.
Bahar married Clayton Frech, a business manager, who converted to Judaism when marrying her in 2001.
The Jewish teaching of tikkun olam, to heal the world, guides Bahar's life.
Bahar also uses her name to be involved with organizations such as the Green Cross and Rainforest Action Network.
Her father, Bai Yuxiang , was a musician in the People's Liberation Army, and later a music teacher.
Bai has described herself as a very shy child who found that she best expressed herself through acting and performing.
Soon after her release from the hospital, Bai joined People's Art Theater of Chengdu, and became a professional actress.
In 1991, Bai moved to the United States, where she appeared in a number of American films and television shows.
The film was critical of human rights abuse in China, and as a result, Bai Ling's Chinese citizenship was revoked.
She filmed scenes for ' as Senator Bana Breemu, but her role was cut during editing.
Later in 2005, Bai was member of the official jury at the 55th Berlin International Film Festival.
On March 5, 2008 she pleaded guilty to the charge of disturbing the peace.
In a 2009 interview, Bai claimed that she is from the moon, where her grandmother lives.
Boehlke is also the founder and former artistic director of The Jungle Theatre in Minneapolis, Minnesota. 
 Baiyu Sara Baiyu Chen, known professionally as Baiyu, is a Chinese-born American singer-songwriter and actress.
In July 1/13, after a year of single releases, Baiyu will be dropping a full length album that is yet to be titled.
She is also a volunteer for New York Cares, and has been honored by Well Done!
It is located on the southern shore of the Absheron Peninsula, which projects into the Caspian Sea.
The city consists of two principal parts: the downtown area and the old Inner City .
At the beginning of 2009, Baku's urban population was estimated at just over two million people.
Officially, about 25 percent of all inhabitants of the country live in Baku's metropolitan area.
According to the Lonely Planet's ranking, Baku is also among the world's top ten destinations for urban nightlife.
Indeed, the city is renowned for its fierce winter snow storms and harsh winds.
Around 100,000 years ago, the territory of modern Baku and Absheron was savanna with rich flora and fauna.
This have led some to suggest the existence of a Bronze Age settlement within the city's territory.
Near the city, in Gobustan, Roman inscriptions dating from 84–96 AD were discovered.
Shirvanshah Akhsitan I built a navy in Baku and successfully repelled another Rus assault in 1170.
After a devastating earthquake struck Shamakhy, the capital of Shirvan, Shirvanshah’s court moved to Baku in 1191.
Between the 12th and 14th centuries, massive fortifications were undertaken in Baku and the surrounding towns.
The House of Shirvan, who ruled Baku since the 9th century, was extinguished in the course of the Safavid rule.
After the death of Nader Shah in 1747, the semi-independent Persian-ruled principality of the Baku Khanate was formed.
It was ruled by Mirza Muhammed Khan but soon became a dependency of the much stronger Quba Khanate.
During the time, the population of Baku was small , and the economy was ruined as a result of constant warfare.
Zubov had sent 13,000 men to capture Baku, and it was overrun subsequently without any resistance.
On 13 June 1796, a Russian flotilla entered Baku Bay, and a garrison of Russian troops was placed inside the city.
In March 1797, the tsarist troops left Baku and the city became part of Iran again.
The pioneer of oil extracting from the bottom of the sea was Polish geologist Witold Zglenicki.
Soon after that Swiss, British, French, Belgian, German, Swedish and American investors appeared in Baku.
Among them were the firms of the Nobel brothers together with the family von Börtzell-Szuch and the Rothschild family.
An industrial oil belt, better known as Black City, was established near Baku.
Between 1856 and 1910 Baku's population grew at a faster rate than that of London, Paris or New York.
The Azerbaijanis suffered a crushing defeat by the united forces of the Baku Soviet and were massacred by Dashnak teams.
As a result, Baku played a great role in many branches of the Soviet life.
Together with the Baku Party Committee , it developed the economic significance of the Caspian metropolis.
Baku's growing importance as a major energy hub remained in sight of the major powers.
After the dissolution of the Soviet Union, Baku embarked on a process of restructuring on a scale unseen in its history.
The city is growing dynamically and developing at full speed on an east-west axis along the shores of the Caspian Sea.
In the vicinity of the city there are a number of mud volcanoes and salt lakes .
However, unlike many other cities with this climate, Baku does not see extremely hot summers.
Baku and the Absheron Peninsula on which it is situated, is the most arid part of Azerbaijan .
The city's past as a Soviet industrial center has left it as one of the most polluted cities in the world.
Indeed, the city is renowned for its fierce winter snow storms and harsh winds.
The daily mean temperature in July and August averages , and there is very little rainfall during that season.
Winter is cool and occasionally wet, with the daily mean temperature in January and February averaging .
Winter snow storms are occasional; snow usually melts within a few days after each snowfall.
The average annual temperature in Baku and that of the Earth differ by less than : it is .
Under Communism, the Soviets took over the majority of Jewish property in Baku and Kuba.
He encouraged the restoration of these buildings and is well liked by the Jews of Azerbaijan.
The city's notable mosques include Juma Mosque, Bibi-Heybat Mosque, Muhammad Mosque and Taza Pir Mosque.
By article 48 of its Constitution, Azerbaijan is a secular state and ensures religious freedom.
By 1900 the city had more than 3,000 oil wells, of which 2,000 were producing oil at industrial levels.
Baku ranked as one of the largest centres for the production of oil industry equipment before World War II.
The World War II Battle of Stalingrad was fought to determine who would have control of the Baku oil fields.
Fifty years before the battle, Baku produced half of the world's oil supply.
However, on 24 May 2011 Baku lost this record by just 3m to the city of Dushanbe in Tajikistan.
Many of the city's cultural sites were celebrated in 2009 when Baku was designated an Islamic Culture Capital.
As of 2012, the city along with Ganja and Lankaran participates in Earth Hour movement.
Baku thus has an original and unique appearance, earning it a reputation as the 'Paris of the East'.
With economic development, old buildings such as Atlant House were razed to make way for new ones.
The Old City of Baku, also known as the Walled City of Baku, refers to the ancient Baku settlement.
Most of the walls and towers, strengthened after the Russian conquest in 1806, survived.
The old town core also has dozens of small mosques, often without any particular sign to distinguish them as such.
Clubs with an eastern flavor provide special treats from the cuisine of Azerbaijan along with local music.
Baku has large sections of greenery either preserved by the National Government or designated as green zones.
The boulevard contains an amusement park, yacht club, musical fountain, statues and monuments.
It is adjacent to the newly built International Center of Mugham and the musical fountain.
The city will also host three group games and one quarter-final of the UEFA Euro 2020 European Football Championship.
Since 2002, Baku has hosted 36 major sporting events and selected to host the 2015 European Games.
Baku is also to host the fourth edition of the Islamic Solidarity Games in 2017.
Baku made a bid to host the 2016 Summer Olympics and later made a bid for the 2020 Summer Olympics.
The largest sport hub in the city is Tofig Bahramov Stadium with 31,200 seating capacity.
Baku also has several football clubs in the premier and regional leagues, including AZAL in Premier League.
Throughout history the transport system of Baku used the now-defunct horsecars, trams and narrow gauge railways.
The move was part of £16 million agreement between Manganese Bronze and Baku Taxi Company.
Plans are afoot to introduce a single Smart Card for payment on all types of city transport.
The metro is now the only form of transport in Baku to use any type of card-based fare-payment system.
Baku's Central Railway Station is the terminus for national and international rail links to the city.
Sea transport is vital for Baku, as the city is practically surrounded by the Caspian Sea to the east.
The Baku Port was founded in 1902 and since then has been the largest Caspian Sea port.
The port's throughput capacity reaches 15 million tons of liquid bulk and up to 10 million tons of dry cargoes.
The State Road M-1 and the European route E60 are the two main motorway connections between Europe and Azerbaijan.
 BarBara Luna Barbara Luna is an American actress with an extensive list of roles in film, television and musicals.
Born in Manhattan, New York City, BarBara Luna , was introduced to Broadway shows early in life.
Nine months after his inauguration, Obama was named the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize laureate.
His mother, Stanley Ann Dunham, born in Wichita, Kansas, was of mostly English ancestry.
His father, Barack Obama, Sr., was a Luo from Nyang’oma Kogelo, Kenya.
Obama Sr. returned to Kenya in 1964 where he remarried; he visited Barack in Hawaii only once, in 1971.
He died in an automobile accident in 1982, his son being 21 years old at that time.
He described his struggles as a young adult to reconcile social perceptions of his multiracial heritage.
After high school, Obama moved to Los Angeles in 1979 to attend Occidental College.
Obama also worked as a consultant and instructor for the Gamaliel Foundation, a community organizing institute.
Final Judgment was issued on May 13, 1998 with Citibank Federal Savings Bank agreeing to pay attorney fees.
Once elected, Obama gained bipartisan support for legislation that reformed ethics and health care laws.
Obama resigned from the Illinois Senate in November 2004 following his election to the U.S. Senate.
Obama was an early opponent of the George W. Bush administration's 2003 invasion of Iraq.
In the November 2004 general election, Obama won with 70 percent of the vote.
Obama was sworn in as a senator on January 3, 2005, becoming the only Senate member of the Congressional Black Caucus.
On August 23, Obama announced his selection of Delaware Senator Joe Biden as his vice presidential running mate.
On November 4, Obama won the presidency with 365 electoral votes to 173 received by McCain.
Obama delivered his victory speech before hundreds of thousands of supporters in Chicago's Grant Park.
On November 6, 2012, Obama won 332 electoral votes, exceeding the 270 required for him to be reelected as president.
The inauguration of Barack Obama as the 44th President took place on January 20, 2009.
Obama appointed two women to serve on the Supreme Court in the first two years of his Presidency.
On October 8, 2009, Obama signed the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr.
In June 2009, dissatisfied with the pace of economic stimulus, Obama called on his cabinet to accelerate the investment.
The most recent increase in the U.S. debt ceiling to $17.2 trillion took effect in February 2014.
By passing the legislation, Congress was able to prevent a U.S. government default on its obligations.
By November 2012, the unemployment rate fell to 7.7 percent, decreasing to 6.7 percent in the last month of 2013.
During 2014, the unemployment rate continued to decline, falling to 6.3 percent in the first quarter.
The Congressional Budget Office and a broad range of economists credit Obama's stimulus plan for economic growth.
Obama visited the Gulf on May 2 among visits by members of his cabinet, and again on May 28 and June 4.
On May 27, he announced a six-month moratorium on new deepwater drilling permits and leases, pending regulatory review.
Obama's advisers called for a halt to petroleum exploration in the Arctic in January 2013.
On February 24, 2015, Obama vetoed a bill that would authorize the pipeline.
The plan also includes medical spending cuts and taxes on insurance companies that offer expensive plans.
In March 2009, Obama lifted a ban on using federal funds for stem cell research.
On November 7, 2009, a health care bill featuring the public option was passed in the House.
On December 24, 2009, the Senate passed its own bill—without a public option—on a party-line vote of 60–39.
He said that the results came because not enough Americans had felt the effects of the economic recovery.
It does this by focusing on three key areas: information sharing, privacy, and the adoption of cybersecurity practices.
Obama attempted to reach out to Arab leaders by granting his first interview to an Arab cable TV network, Al Arabiya.
In April, Obama gave a speech in Ankara, Turkey, which was well received by many Arab governments.
Obama and Medvedev signed the New START treaty in April 2010, and the U.S. Senate ratified it in December 2010.
In December 2011, Obama instructed agencies to consider LGBT rights when issuing financial aid to foreign countries.
In December 2014, Obama announced that he intended to normalize relationships between Cuba and the United States.
On February 27, 2009, Obama announced that combat operations in Iraq would end within 18 months.
On August 31, 2010, Obama announced that the United States combat mission in Iraq was over.
In August 2014, during the Sinjar massacre, Obama ordered a campaign of U.S. airstrikes against ISIL.
Obama supports the two-state solution to the Arab–Israeli conflict based on the 1967 borders with land swaps.
In 2014, President Obama likened the Zionist movement to the Civil Rights Movement in the United States.
He said that both movements seek to bring justice and equal rights to historically persecuted peoples.
DNA testing identified bin Laden's body, which was buried at sea several hours later.
In 2013, Obama's administration opened negotiations with Iran to prevent it from acquiring nuclear weapons.
Negotiations took two years with numerous delays, with a deal being announced July 14, 2015.
He suggested an intensified democratization and free trade, to significantly increase living quality for Africans.
He experienced a small poll bounce shortly after the Death of Osama bin Laden on May 2, 2011.
This bounce lasted until around June 2011, when his approval numbers dropped back to where they were previously.
The award drew a mixture of praise and criticism from world leaders and media figures.
Obama also has roots in Ireland; he met with his Irish cousins in Moneygall in May 2011.
He plays basketball, a sport he participated in as a member of his high school's varsity team; he is left-handed.
In 2009, he threw out the ceremonial first pitch at the All-Star Game while wearing a White Sox jacket.
They began dating later that summer, became engaged in 1991, and were married on October 3, 1992.
When they moved to Washington, D.C., in January 2009, the girls started at the private Sidwell Friends School.
The Obamas have two Portuguese Water Dogs, the first, a male named Bo, a gift from Senator Ted Kennedy.
As per his 2012 financial disclosure, Obama may be worth as much as $10 million.
And my mother was one of the most spiritual people I knew, but she didn't raise me in the church.
She starred in show from 2003 to 2009 and appeared on final season in 2012.
She started out recurring in season 1 and was upgraded to full series regular status in November sweeps.
Woods attended Hinsdale South High School in Darien, Illinois and the Northern Illinois University.
While she was a resident of Memphis, Anderson competed in and won the title of Miss Memphis in 1963.
She attended Miss Porter's School and later Wellesley College, where she was a classmate of Ali MacGraw.
She appeared in 16 episodes of the NBC police drama as Grace Gardner from 1981 to 1986.
She also had a cameo in a September 1987 special issue on the Bond girls.
In 1975, Bach separated from Gregorini and moved back to the United States with her two children.
Barrie was born Barbara Ann Berman in Chicago, Illinois, the daughter of Jewish parents, Frances Rose and Louis Berman.
The family moved to Texas when she was nine years old, where she was raised in Corpus Christi.
Jay Harnick founded Theatreworks USA and was the brother of Tony Award-winning musical lyricist Sheldon Harnick.
During the 1960s, Barrie guest-starred on many of the popular television series of the time.
The show lasted one season with Barrie nominated for an Emmy Award for her performance.
In 2004 she appeared in Dead Like Me as Georgia's grandmother / Joy's mother.
While growing up in Denver, she studied ballet and worked as a teen fashion model.
Around this time, she fell in love with Coan, who was married with two sons and two daughters.
It was one of those photo sessions that caught the eye of executives at Warner Bros. who signed her in 1947.
Despite being fired by Warner Brothers, she quickly signed a contract with 20th Century-Fox later that year.
In competition for the part was Zsa Zsa Gabor and others, but Bates impressed the producers and was given the part.
She made a short but important appearance as the devious schemer, Phoebe, at the end of the film.
Despite a seemingly successful career, Bates' life, both on and off screen, started unraveling.
She became a victim of extreme mood swings, insecurity, ill health, and chronic depression.
After 26 episodes, she was written out of the show due to her erratic behavior, depression and instability.
Upon returning to the United States in 1957, Bates and her husband got an apartment in Beverly Hills.
She attempted suicide by slashing her wrists and was rushed to Cedars-Sinai Hospital where she soon recovered.
For a time, Bates worked as a secretary, as a dental assistant, and as a hospital aide.
In December 1968 she married for the second time: to a childhood friend, sportscaster William Reed.
Barbara Angie Rose Baxley was born in Porterville, California, the daughter of Emma and Bert Baxley.
Baxley died at age 67 at her home in Manhattan of an apparent heart attack. 
 Barbara Bedford Barbara Bedford was an American actress who appeared in dozens of silent movies.
Her career declined after the introduction of sound, but she continued to appear in small roles until 1945.
When her career declined after the switch to sound, she signed with MGM in 1936 to play bit and extra parts.
Bel Geddes was born in New York City, the daughter of Helen Belle and stage and industrial designer Norman Bel Geddes.
She married theatrical manager Carl Sawyer in 1944; they had one daughter, Susan.
Later that year, she married stage director Windsor Lewis with whom she had a daughter, Betsy.
When Lewis became ill in 1967, Bel Geddes suspended her career to care for him until his death in 1972.
The role of the family matriarch, Miss Ellie, brought her renewed international recognition.
She was also honored by former First Lady, Betty Ford, for helping to raise breast cancer awareness.
Bel Geddes died on August 8, 2005, at her home in Northeast Harbor, Maine at the age of 82.
Her older sister, Constance, later became an actress as did her younger sister Joan.
The couple had four biological children, including son Morton Downey, Jr., and adopted a fifth child, Michael.
Bennett later married actor Addison Randall, a popular romantic star and singing cowboy at the time.
The couple moved to Montreal in 1957 and remained together until her death the following year.
Bennett later worked as a literary representative for producer Walter Wanger, who was married to her sister Joan.
Periods of work or marriage were terminated by her frightening, abandoned laughter of despair and failure.
A memorial service was later held at the Church of the Good Shepherd in Beverly Hills. 
 Barbara Billingsley Barbara Billingsley was an American film, television, voice, and stage actress.
After her divorce, Lillian Combes went to work as a foreman at a knitting mill.
However, the show was picked up by ABC the following year, where it became a hit and aired for the next five seasons.
In the show, Billingsley often could be seen doing household chores wearing pearls and earrings.
Hugh Beaumont had died the year before of a heart attack, so she played his widow.
Glenn Billingsley was a restaurateur who was a nephew of Sherman Billingsley, the owner of the Stork Club.
They had two sons, Drew and Glenn, Jr., and divorced in 1947.
Billingsley died of polymyalgia at her home in Los Angeles, California, on October 16, 2010, at the age of 94.
 Barbara Bosson Barbara Bosson is an American actress who has starred on television and in film.
 Barbara Bouchet Barbara Bouchet is a German actress and entrepreneur who lives and works in Italy.
After World War II, her family was placed in a resettlement camp in the American occupation zone in Germany.
In 1985, she established a production company and started to produce a successful series of fitness books and videos.
Barbara Maurine Brantingham was born September 26, 1919, in Long Beach, California.
While in school she began to show an interest in acting and began working on local stage productions.
A talent scout took notice, and she was soon signed to a Paramount Pictures contract.
Britton and Czukor, who was 22 years her senior, were married on April 2, 1945.
At one time, the couple had a home on Victoria Drive in Laguna Beach, California.
They had two children, Ted and Christina, and their marriage lasted for 34 years until Britton's death.
She died of pancreatic cancer in New York City on January 17, 1980, at the age of 60.
In 1948, Britton was given a key to the City of Long Beach, California.
 Barbara Carrera Barbara Carrera is a Nicaraguan American film and television actress and former model.
Some sources give her birth year as 1947 or 1951, but most list 1945.
In 1972, she appeared on the screen in a publicity role for the Chiquita bananas.
Cason was born in Memphis, Tennessee, the daughter of Helen Louise and Charles Carroll Cason.
She relocated to New York City in 1967, becoming active in theatre there both on and off Broadway through 1973.
She died in Los Angeles, California, aged 61, after a heart attack. 
The company's major stars were Madge Kennedy, Geraldine Farrar, Will Rogers, and Tom Moore.
Her first husband was George W. Zimmerman, an attorney from Vancouver, British Columbia.
The pieces were purchased at the Dabissi sale of fine old furniture held at the American Art Galleries in New York City.
Born in New York City on July 2, 1939, she started her acting career in the theater.
Police noted that there was no attempt to rob the pair and concluded that it was a random drive-by shooting.
At the time of her death, Colby was separated from her husband, Bob Levitt, son of Ethel Merman. 
She started acting in school plays when she was in seventh grade and went on to study acting in high school.
She received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Theater Arts from Castleton State College in Vermont.
On October 1, 1988, she married director of photography David Boyd; they divorced in 1990.
Crampton lives outside of San Francisco with her husband, Robert Bleckman, and their two children. 
She took her stage name from her uncle, actor turned agent, John Darrow.
Darrow made several appearances in one or two episodes of popular television shows in the 1950s.
A talent agent at MGM, he would later go on to be the founding president of Viacom.
They have three children: daughters Madelyn C. and Audrey C. , and son Eric T. .
Her youngest daughter Audrey Darin married Bobby Darin and Sandra Dee's only child, Dodd Darin.

 Barbara Eden Barbara Eden is an American film, stage, and television actress, comedienne, and singer.
Eden's first public performance was singing in the church choir, where she sang the solos.
When she was 14, she sang in local bands for $10 a night in night clubs.
She studied singing at the San Francisco Conservatory of Music and acting with the Elizabeth Holloway School of Theatre.
Discovery in the Hollywood sense came when she starred in a play with James Drury.
Eden also played Jeannie's sister in eight episodes and Jeannie's mother in at least one.
, co-starring Louise Latham, James Ingersoll, Elaine Giftos, Ann Dusenberry, and Sally Kirkland.
The series spent its second, third, and fifth seasons out of the top 30 programs.
Season four proved to be the sitcom's most successful year, ending at #26.
The story picked up momentum and as it did, the network censors began to insist that her navel remain hidden.
However, her navel is glimpsed in a few season-four and season-five episodes, much to the dislike of the censors.
The series became hugely popular during decades of syndication and has had two spin-off reunion movies.
She graduated from Carnegie Institute of Technology in 1955, with a Bachelor of Arts in drama.
She starred opposite comedian Don Adams, who portrayed Maxwell Smart, Secret Agent 86.
The character was unusual for the era, showing a capable woman in a stressful career.
Feldon has served as the actress's last name since her marriage to Lucien Verdoux-Feldon in 1958.
That union lasted 12 years and upon its ending Feldon moved back to New York City where she resides.
She performed on several New York-based television shows, including several stints on soap operas.
Garrick returned to the show in its final few months and was a prominent part of its final episode on January 13, 2012.

Barbara Hale was born in DeKalb, Illinois, to Luther Ezra Hale, a landscape gardener, and his wife, Wilma Colvin.
Her performing career began in Chicago when she started modeling to pay for her education.
Hale's family included a sister, Juanita, for whom Hale's younger daughter was named.
Hale moved to Hollywood in 1943, and made her first screen appearances playing small parts .
The show ran from 1957 to 1966, and she reprised the role in 30 Perry Mason television films .
Her last on-screen appearance to date came in a TV biographical documentary about Burr that aired in 2000.
They married June 22, 1946, and became the parents of two daughters, Jodi and Juanita, and a son, actor William Katt.
Katt played detective Paul Drake, Jr., with her in several made-for-television Perry Mason movies.
Hale was recognized as a Star of Television on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on February 8, 1960.
She was presented one of the Golden Boot Awards in 2001 for her contributions to western cinema. 
 Barbara Harris Barbara Harris is an American actress who was a Broadway stage star and later became a movie actress.
Under hypnosis, the apparently kooky, brash, and quirky character reveals unexpected hidden depths.
While critics were divided over the merits of the show, they praised Harris' performance.
The show was based on three tales by Mark Twain, Frank R. Stockton, and Jules Feiffer and Harris starred in all three.
He could be very kind, but if you weren't first-rate, watch out.
You have to be awfully invested in the fame aspect, and I really never was.
Although the two were set to reunite with Altman in a sequel, that film was never made.
 Barbara Hershey Barbara Hershey , once known as Barbara Seagull, is an American actress.
She began acting at age 17 in 1965, but did not achieve much critical acclaim until the latter half of the 1980s.
Her career suffered a decline during a six-year relationship with actor David Carradine, with whom she had a child.
She said that she found Field to be very supportive of her in her first acting role.
That collaboration resulted in an Academy Award nomination for the director and a Golden Globe nod for Hershey.
She hoped the film would revive her career after the damage she felt it had suffered while she was with Carradine.
Hershey felt that she would be forever in debt to Rush for fighting with financiers to allow her a part in that film.
In 1986, Hershey left her native California and moved with her son to Manhattan.
In addition to a Manhattan apartment, Hershey also bought an antique home in rural Connecticut.
The film also earned Hershey a BAFTA nomination for Best Actress in a Supporting Role.
She looked like she stopped off at a gas station and someone said, 'Your lips are down 30 pounds.
Montgomery had killed Gore, on Friday June 13, 1980, in her Wylie, Texas, home, by hitting her 41 times with an ax.
Many of the names of the real-life principals in the case were changed for the movie.
Her husband, an abusive bigot, played by Dennis Hopper, is on trial for murdering a young African American girl.
Carradine said that during the rape scene in that movie he cracked one of Barbara's ribs.
Later in 1972, Hershey gave birth to their son, Free, who changed his name to Tom when he was nine years old.

 Barbara Jean Wong Barbara Jean Wong was an American actress and primarily a radio actress.
In 1937, as a voice actress, she began doing some programs for CBS.
She attended the University of Southern California and Columbia University to earn degrees in drama and English.
In most of her movies, she was a backdrop, part of the scenery.
She died of respiratory illness on November 13, 1999 in Tarzana, California, aged 75. 
She based the character on a woman she had seen delivering a PTA literature lecture in a confused manner.
Born Marian Barbara Henshall in New York City, Allen was the daughter of Charles Henshall.
Following her mother's death when Allen was 9, she went to live with an aunt and uncle in Los Angeles.
She was educated at Los Angeles High School, UCLA, Stanford University, and the Sorbonne.
Concentrating on language at the Sorbonne, she became proficient in French, Spanish, German and Italian.
The character she created was so popular that she eventually adopted the character name as her professional name.
From 1943 to 1952, as Vera, she made more than a dozen comedy two-reel short subjects for Columbia Pictures.
Allen married lumberman Charles Hopper Crosby October 19, 1931, in Reno, Nevada.
They had one child and were married for three decades, until her 1974 death in Santa Barbara, California.
She wore a flesh-coloured moleskin bathing suit in scenes that were considered very daring at the time.
The popularity of this film led to her selection as one of the WAMPAS Baby Stars for 1927.
Kent married talent agent Harry Edington in Yuma, Arizona on her 25th birthday, December 16, 1932.
During a one-year hiatus, Edington groomed Kent for what he intended to be a high-profile career.
By the time she returned to films, however, her popularity had waned and she was unable to establish herself again.
They lived in Sun Valley, Idaho, later settling in Palm Desert, California.
Kent continued to fly light aircraft until her 85th birthday and was still playing golf well into her mid-90s. 
 Barbara La Marr Barbara La Marr was an American stage and film actress, cabaret artist, and screenwriter.
The couple wed some time during 1884, and had a son, William Watson, Jr., born in June 1886 in Washington.
As a child, La Marr also performed in a few stage productions and performed as a dancer in vaudeville.
By 1910, La Marr was living in Fresno, California, with her parents.
They drove up to Santa Barbara, but after a few days La Marr felt that they were not going to let her return home.
He rode up to her car and swept her on his horse and rode off with her.
Her association with filmmakers led to her returning to Los Angeles and making her film debut in 1920.
La Marr also began abusing drugs and alcohol and reportedly developed a cocaine and heroin habit.
She married her first husband, Jack Lytell, in 1914 at the age of 17.
La Marr married for a second time, on June 2, 1914, to lawyer Lawrence Converse.
Converse was already married with children when he married La Marr and was arrested for bigamy the following day.
Before the divorce from Deely was finalized, La Marr married actor Jack Dougherty in May 1923.
Some years after her death, it was revealed that she had given birth to a son.
By 1925, La Marr's drug and alcohol use began to take its toll.
She was interred in a crypt at Hollywood Cathedral Mausoleum, in the Hollywood Forever Cemetery.
She sold jewelry in a Los Angeles department store and was a part-time fashion model at the age of seventeen.
She turned to the Bible during this time and reportedly credited faith for performing a miracle.
Shortly after being stricken, her legs and facial muscles were paralyzed, and she had difficulty speaking.
She inked a long-term contract with Metro Goldwyn Mayer and was assigned to dramatic school.
In November 1958 Lang won an annulment of her two-year marriage to actor Alan Wells.
 Barbara Lawrence Barbara Jo Lawrence was an American model, actress, and real estate agent.
In January 1947, she married John Forrest Fontaine, an actor known professionally as Jeffrey Stone.
In 1951, she wed Johnny Murphy; the couple had two children before divorcing in 1957.
Loden had received a lot of interest at the Cannes Festival for this first directing venture.
Although proud of her accomplishments,“I realized I was losing her”, Kazan wrote about the attention she was receiving.
According to Kazan, Loden blamed him for the “negativity” that she thought had caused her stress, and thus her cancer.
Loden was described as shy, humble, statuesque and soft-spoken loner who was born in a small town in North Carolina .
Loden was married to film director Elia Kazan, her second husband, who was twenty-three years her senior.

2014 starred on the side of Kat Dennings and Ray Wise, in the horror comedy Suburban Gothic. 
O'Neil died from a heart attack at the age of 70 on September 3, 1980. 
 Barbara Pepper Barbara Pepper was an American stage, television, radio, and film actress.
After Reynolds died in 1949 in a California motorcycle accident, Pepper was left to raise their two sons alone.
However, her heart ailments forced her to leave the series and she was replaced by Fran Ryan.
Barbara Pepper died on July 18, 1969, in Panorama City, California, aged 54, from a coronary thrombosis. 
In 1957, both she and her mother Lillian briefly joined Steve Gibson's, vocal group, The Red Caps, as singers.
It appeared in Major Robinson's gossip column, which carried the most outrageous claims from press agents.
She also appeared in her mother's and Gibson's nightclub acts, using her mother's maiden name of Randolph in 1957 .
In 1964 she joined The Platters, replacing singer Zola Taylor, but left after a year and an album .
Randolph used the year 1970 for entertaining US forces in Vietnam, returning to paid performances the next year.
She married Eddie Singleton, who had previously been married to Berry Gordy's ex-wife, Raynoma Liles Gordy.
Barbara Randolph died from cancer in South Africa in 2002, at the age of 60. 

She grew up acting out scenes with dolls, employing her mother as an audience.
She attended Roosevelt High School, Burbank High School in Burbank, and North Hollywood High School.
She did little acting in high school but joined a school band at the age of fourteen.
She achieved success in radio prior to signing as a contract player with MGM studios.
This was a studio cast recording released by Columbia Records, and conducted by Lehman Engel.
Ruick married actor Robert Horton Jr., in Las Vegas, Nevada, on August 22, 1953.
Rush began her career on stage and it has always been a part of her professional life.
Peter Graves appeared as her husband in the role of the by-the-book Colonel John Camden.
She received an Honorary Oscar at the 1982 Academy Award ceremony and the Golden Globe Cecil B. DeMille Award in 1986.
Barbara Stanwyck was born Ruby Catherine Stevens on July 16, 1907, in Brooklyn, New York.
Her father was a native of Massachusetts and her mother was an immigrant from Nova Scotia.
Ruby was of English and Scottish ancestry, by her father and mother, respectively.
Two weeks after the funeral, Byron Stevens joined a work crew digging the Panama Canal and was never seen again.
Ruby and her brother, Byron, were raised by their elder sister Mildred, who was only five years older than Ruby.
During the summers of 1916 and 1917, Ruby toured with Mildred, and practiced her sister's routines backstage.
Watching the movies of Pearl White, whom Ruby idolized, also influenced her drive to be a performer.
At age 14, she dropped out of school to take a job wrapping packages at a department store in Brooklyn.
She disliked both jobs; her real interest was to enter show business even as her sister Mildred discouraged the idea.
Her next job was as a typist for the Jerome H. Remick Music Company, a job she reportedly enjoyed.
However, her continuing ambition was to work in show business and her sister finally gave up trying to dissuade her.
She also occasionally served as a dance instructor at a speakeasy for gays and lesbians owned by Guinan.
In 1926, Billy LaHiff, who owned a popular pub frequented by showpeople, introduced Ruby to impresario Willard Mack.
In an effort to improve it, Mack decided to expand Ruby's part to include more pathos.
She at once displayed more sensitive, easily expressed emotion than I had encountered since Pauline Lord.
She and Skelly were the perfect team, and they made the play a great success.
She lost the lead role because she could not cry in the screen test but was given a minor part as a fan dancer.
Stanwyck and Fay were married on August 26, 1928, and soon moved to Hollywood.
Yet, Stanwyck was known for her accessibility and kindness to the backstage crew on any film set.
While still at sea, he died of septic poisoning, at the age of 31.
She and Fay later claimed they disliked each other at first, but became close after Cherryman's death.
After moving to Hollywood, the couple adopted a ten month old son on December 5, 1932.
Fay's successful career on Broadway did not translate to the big screen, whereas Stanwyck achieved Hollywood stardom.
Fay was reportedly physically abusive to his young wife, especially when he was inebriated.
Stanwyck and her son were estranged after his childhood, meeting only a few times after he became an adult.
Rather than a torrid romance, their relationship was more one of mentor and pupil.
Louis B. Mayer had insisted on the two stars marrying and went as far as presiding over arrangements at the wedding.
Taylor had romantic affairs, and there were unsubstantiated rumors about Stanwyck having had affairs as well.
She took his death in 1969 very hard and took a long break from film and television work.
Her older brother, Malcolm Byron Stevens , also became a prolific actor, though a much less successful one.
He and actress Caryl Lincoln married in 1934 and remained together until his death from a heart attack.
She then went to Indiana University to work as the lead actress in their inaugural theatre touring company season.
Eight of her films starred Tim McCoy, Buck Jones, Tom Tyler and Charles Starrett.
She left the film business in the late 1930s after she married the Lockheed test pilot Lewis Parker in 1938.
In 1945, after the end of World War II, Parker's plane disappeared over the North Atlantic and he was never found.
Following Parker's death, Weeks moved to New York City and began working as a model.
In 1949, she married William Cox, with whom she had a son, Schuyler John Wing Cox.
Barbara May Theresa Werle was born on October 6, 1928, in Mount Vernon, New York.
She sang as a soprano for the local St. Elizabeth Seton Traditional Choir from 2000 until 2012.
She died at age 84 on January 1, 2013, from undisclosed causes, at Carlsbad, California. 
This was followed by nine other starring roles until she married Gail Smith and retired.
She could often be found feeding the squirrels while singing and dancing around her kitchen.
Barbara died of cancer, in Pontiac, Michigan, aged 73, June 9, 2004.
In 1979, along with Robert Pereno, LA Richards, Carole Caplin, Tim Dry and Sean Crawford , Miss Wilde formed .
Barbie Wilde's first dark crime novel, 'The Venus Complex', was published by Comet Press on November 1, 2012.
 Barbra Fuller Barbra Fuller is a motion picture and television actress from Nahant, Massachusetts.
During that period she was married for a short time to western motion picture star, Lash LaRue.
She did her first radio work in Chicago, Illinois, at the age of 9.
Its hue varied from platinum to brunette in her four movies released by Republic Pictures in 1950.
In the latter she was the leading lady, acting opposite Ray McDonald and Tony Barret.
 Barra Grant Barra Grant is an American actress, screenwriter, film director and playwright.
She became Barra Grant when her mother married Arnold Grant and he formally adopted her in 1962.
Barra Grant was married to writer and producer Brian Reilly until his death in 2011.
Grant began her career as an actress in the early 1970s, appearing on television and in film.
 Barrie Chase Barrie Chase is an American actress and dancer originally from Kings Point, New York.
She made four television appearances as Astaire's partner in his television specials between 1958 and 1968.
Twice divorced, she is currently married to James Kaufman; the couple has one child. 
 Barrie Youngfellow Barrie Youngfellow is a retired American voice over, film and television actress.
She is the wife of stage and screen actor Sam Freed, whom she married in 1983.
As of 2011, she is the president of the California corporation To Be Announced, Inc., founded November 20, 1978. 
He was a former sergeant in the US Marine Corps and a Korean war veteran.
His wife, Theresa Meyer Jones, was the Hermann Area District Hospital's first director of nursing service.
Also for the last 23 years of her nursing career she worked in the St. Anthony's Medical Center emergency room.
He died seven days later, at age 69. and was buried at Jefferson Barracks National Cemetery.
Among her earliest co-stars and friends were Buster Keaton, Roscoe Arbuckle, Al St. John, and Stan Laurel.
In 1948, she graduated from Dillard University in New Orleans and two years later moved to New York City.
She often played the role of a mother or grandmother, and continued acting her entire life.
Richards died from emphysema in her hometown of Vicksburg, Mississippi at the age of 80.
In the last year of her life, Richards was the subject of a documentary created by actress Lisa Gay Hamilton.


She began working in the entertainment industry in Broadway productions, as well as a performer in nightclubs.
Beatrice Gray died of natural causes in Los Angeles, California, on November 25, 2009, at the age of 98. 
 Beatrice Kay Beatrice Kay was an American singer, vaudevillian, music hall performer, stage and film actress.
She went on to becoming a headliner at Billy Rose's famed Diamond Horseshoe Nightclub in New York.
She died in 1986, aged 79, having been in poor health after suffering a series of strokes. 
Pons was married to radio personality David Ross , by whom she had a son, Jonathan.
She was on screen for five minutes and forty seconds, the shortest performance ever to win an Academy Award for acting.
Following her mother's remarriage to British agronomist Leonard K. Elmhirst in 1925, the family moved to England.

She was one of the few Latina stars visible on the silver screen in the United States in the 1910s.
For adult readers, Michelena wrote other pieces such as a history of the moving picture industry.
In 1920 when she stopped making films, she returned to her career as a singer.
Beatriz, too, performed with Princess Chic in 1901, taking chorus roles suitable for a child of 11.
There, he raised Beatriz and continued to train her, a soprano, in operatic vocal techniques.
Middleton was the manager of the local Middleton Motor Car Company and the son of a California timber baron.
Starring actress Lora Lieb, native to San Francisco but unknown as a performer, took less applause.
She said that prior to appearing at the Garrick Theater, she had been afraid that her stage training had been lost.
Michelena said she had to overcome her own fears as well as her husband's objections.
Following that, she sang at the inauguration of the Lincoln Highway, the nation's first transcontinental road.
By 1914, Middleton and Michelena were making three major films at the same time.
Michelena's role was Bret Harte's Salomy Jane Clay, an energetic daughter of an emigrant miner.
She is wooed by four men but prefers a fifth played by British heartthrob House Peters.
Considered expensive at the time, the company used a 1,250 Bell & Howell movie camera, worth about $ in current value.
The camera held two reels of film so that two negatives were made of each scene.
A second $700 camera provided a third reel of the same scene, from another perspective.
Every CMPC movie was from that time forward intended to be a star vehicle for Michelena.
She wrote about the ideal qualities found in an actress, and what girls might do to develop them.
The movie played for only a week in San Francisco in 1919, and did not return a profit.
They reportedly divorced in the mid-1920s, though Middleton told the 1930 US Census that they were married.
Afterward, she retired from singing, and returned to San Rafael to live near her old film studio.
Between 1937 and 1941, she sold 10 of the 26 real estate parcels that together had formed her studio lot.
On October 10, 1942, after a surgical operation in San Francisco, she died at the age of 52.
 Bebe Daniels Bebe Daniels was an American actress, singer, dancer, writer and producer.
Daniels was hired by Radio Pictures to star in one of their biggest productions of the year.
Daniels had become associated with musicals and so Radio Pictures did not renew her contract.
Warner Brothers realized what a box office draw she was and offered her a contract which she accepted.
With her husband, film actor Ben Lyon, whom she married in 1930, she moved to London.
Following the war, Daniels was awarded the Medal of Freedom by Harry S Truman for war service.
In 1945 she returned to Hollywood for a short time to work as a film producer for Hal Roach and Eagle-Lion Films.
She returned to the UK in 1948 and lived there for the remainder of her life.
They had two children: daughter Barbara in 1932 and a son Richard whom they adopted.
On March 16, 1971, Daniels died of a cerebral hemorrhage in London at the age of 70.
Upon his death in 1979, Ben Lyon's remains were interred next to Daniels'. 
The show ran from May 7 through October 3, 2004, in the Zipper Theater in New York City.
She auditioned for this role with her arm in a sling, following a fall a week earlier.
In 2009, she married Chris Calkins at the Players Club in Manhattan, in a ceremony officiated by actor Peter Coyote.
Ugly Betty was canceled in 2010 after four seasons, allowing the show to receive a proper series finale.
Newton met her husband, actor Chris Diamantopoulos, in a subway station in New York, and they married on May 12, 2005.
It was announced on July 1, 2010 that Newton and Diamantopolous were expecting their first child.
She gave birth to a son in early November 2010 and a daughter in early 2014.
Her mother, Jennifer, is an award-winning artist, and her aunt, Stephanie Chase, is a classical violinist. 
Baker used her birth name, Becky Gelke, as her professional name until she married actor Dylan Baker in 1990. 
 Becky Wu Becky Wu is an American actress of film, television and the stage.
She is also friends with radio personality Gina Grad, and has been a contributor to the Pretty Good Podcast show. 
Its capital is Minsk; other major cities include Brest, Hrodna , Homiel , Mahilioŭ and Vitsebsk .
In 1945, Belarus became a founding member of the United Nations, along with the Soviet Union and the Ukrainian SSR.
Lukashenko continued a number of Soviet-era policies, such as state ownership of large sections of the economy.
In 2000, Belarus and Russia signed a treaty for greater cooperation, with some hints of forming a Union State.
More than 80% of the population is ethnic Belarusian, with sizable minorities of Russians, Poles and Ukrainians.
Since a referendum in 1995, the country has had two official languages: Belarusian and Russian.
An alternate explanation for the name comments on the white clothing worn by the local Slavic population.
The use of Byelorussian SSR and any abbreviations thereof were allowed from 1991 to 1993.
In addition, remains from the Dnieper-Donets culture were found in Belarus and parts of Ukraine.
The region that is now Belarus was first settled by Baltic tribes in the 3rd century.
Upon the death of Kievan Rus' ruler Yaroslav I the Wise, the state split into independent principalities.
Of the principalities held by the Duchy, nine were settled by ancestors of the Belarusian people.
In 1863, economic and cultural pressure exploded into a revolt, led by Kalinowski.
A part of Belarus under Russian rule emerged as the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic in 1919.
In the 1930s, the implementation of the Soviet five-year plans for the national economy led to rapid industrialization.
In 1939, Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union invaded and occupied Poland, marking the beginning of World War II.
The borders of the Byelorussian SSR and Poland were redrawn and became known as the Curzon Line.
Joseph Stalin implemented a policy of Sovietization to isolate the Byelorussian SSR from Western influences.
The official use of the Belarusian language and other cultural aspects were limited by Moscow.
In March 1990, elections for seats in the Supreme Soviet of the Byelorussian SSR took place.
With the support of the Communist Party, the country's name was changed to the Republic of Belarus on 1991.
Two-round elections for the presidency on catapulted the formerly unknown Alexander Lukashenko into national prominence.
Lukashenko was re-elected in 2001, in 2006, in 2010 and again in 2015.
Three major rivers run through the country: the Neman, the Pripyat, and the Dnieper.
The highest point is Dzyarzhynskaya Hara at , and the lowest point is on the Neman River at .
Each chamber has the ability to veto any law passed by local officials if it is contrary to the constitution.
The government includes a Council of Ministers, headed by the prime minister and five deputy prime ministers.
The members of this council need not be members of the legislature and are appointed by the president.
The judges of national courts are appointed by the president and confirmed by the Council of the Republic.
The Communist Party of Belarus won 3 seats, and the Agrarian Party and Republican Party of Labour and Justice, one each.
Kazulin was detained and beaten by police during protests surrounding the All Belarusian People's Assembly.
Belarus and Russia have been close trading partners and diplomatic allies since the breakup of the Soviet Union.
Belarus is dependent on Russia for imports of raw materials and for its export market.
On 11 December 2007, reports emerged that a framework for the new state was discussed between both countries.
Sino-Belarusian relations have improved, strengthened by the visit of President Lukashenko to China in October 2005.
Belarus also has strong ties with Syria, considered a key partner in the Middle East.
Major General Andrei Ravkov heads the Ministry of Defense, and Alexander Lukashenko serves as Commander-in-Chief.
The Armed Forces were formed in 1992 using parts of the former Soviet Armed Forces on the new republic's territory.
In 2005, about 1.4% of Belarus's gross domestic product was devoted to military expenditure.
However, Belarus cannot join NATO because it is a member of the Collective Security Treaty Organisation.
Belarus is divided into six regions , which are named after the cities that serve as their administrative centers.
The city of Minsk is split into nine districts and enjoys special status as the nation's capital.
It is run by an executive committee and has been granted a charter of self-rule.
In 1994, Belarus's main exports included heavy machinery , agricultural products, and energy products.
Economically, Belarus involved itself in the CIS, Eurasian Economic Community, and Union with Russia.
In 2006, GDP amounted to in purchasing power parity dollars , or about $8,100 per capita.
In 2005, GDP increased by 9.9%; the inflation rate averaged 9.5%.
The labour force consists of more than four million people, among whom women hold slightly more jobs than men.
Employment is also high in agriculture, manufacturing sales, trading goods, and education.
The ruble was reintroduced with new values in 2000 and has been in use ever since.
The National Bank of Belarus abandoned pegging the Belarusian ruble to the Russian ruble in August 2007.
On 23 May 2011, the Belarusian ruble depreciated 56% against the U.S. dollar.
On 1 June 2011, Belarus requested an economic rescue package from the International Monetary Fund.
Minsk, the nation's capital and largest city, was home to 1,937,900 residents .
Gomel, with a population of 481,000, is the second-largest city and serves as the capital of the Homiel Voblast.
Like many other European countries, Belarus has a negative population growth rate and a negative natural growth rate.
In 2007, Belarus's population declined by 0.41% and its fertility rate was 1.22, well below the replacement rate.
, 69.7% of Belarus's population is aged 14 to 64; 16% is under 14, and 14.6% is 65 or older.
Its population is also aging; the median age of 37 is estimated to rise to between 55 and 65 in 2050.
Belarus was once a major center of European Jews, with 10% of the population being Jewish.
The modern era of Belarusian literature began in the late 19th century; one prominent writer was Yanka Kupala.
The free development of literature occurred only in Polish-held territory until Soviet occupation in 1939.
Several poets and authors went into exile after the Nazi occupation of Belarus and would not return until the 1960s.
The country's folk music traditions can be traced back to the times of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania.
In the 19th century, Polish composer Stanisław Moniuszko composed operas and chamber music pieces while living in Minsk.
At the end of the 19th century, major Belarusian cities formed their own opera and ballet companies.
Due to the cool climate, clothes were designed to preserve body heat and were usually made from flax or wool.
Typically, Belarusians eat a light breakfast and two hearty meals, with dinner being the largest meal of the day.
To show hospitality, a host traditionally presents an offering of bread and salt when greeting a guest or visitor.
Receiving heavy sponsorship from the government, ice hockey is the nation's second most popular sport after football.
Darya Domracheva is a leading biathlete whose honors include three gold medals at the 2014 Winter Olympics.
In 2008, there were 3.718 million phone landlines used in comparison to cellular phones in Belarus.
There are approximately 113,000 internet hosts in Belarus in 2009 to meet the needs of approximately Internet users.
In 1998, there were fewer than 100 radio stations in Belarus: 28 AM, 37 FM and 11 shortwave stations.
All media companies are regulated by the Law on Press and Other Mass Media, passed on 1995.
The OSCE and Freedom House have commented regarding the loss of press freedom in Belarus.
In 2009, Freedom House gave Belarus a score of 6.75 when it came to dealing with press freedom.
Most of Belfast, including the city centre, is in County Antrim, but parts of East and South Belfast are in County Down.
At the time of the 2011 census, the city of Belfast had a population of 286,000.
The larger urban zone, as defined by the European Union, had an estimated total population of 673,000 on 1 January 2012.
Belfast is listed by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network as a global city, with a ranking of 'Gamma'.
A consequence of this northern latitude is that it both endures short winter days and enjoys long summer evenings.
During the winter solstice, the shortest day of the year, local sunset is before 16:00 while sunrise is around 08:45.
This is balanced by the summer solstice in June, when the sun sets after 22:00 and rises before 05:00.
Belfast holds the record for Northern Ireland's warmest night time minimum, at Whitehouse on 14 August 2001.
As an urban and coastal area, Belfast typically gets snow on fewer than 10 days per year.
The absolute maximum temperature at the weather station at Stormont is , set during July 1983.
Conversely the coldest night of the year averages and 39 nights should register an air frost.
The city expanded to the natural barrier of the hills that surround it, overwhelming other settlements.
Since 2001, boosted by increasing numbers of tourists, the city council has developed a number of cultural quarters.
Custom House Square is one of the city's main outdoor venues for free concerts and street entertainment.
The area has a large student population and hosts the annual Belfast Festival at Queen's each autumn.
It is home to Botanic Gardens and the Ulster Museum, which was reopened in 2009 after major redevelopment.
The Golden Mile is the name given to the mile between Belfast City Hall and Queen's University.
The City Hall was finished in 1906 and was built to reflect Belfast's city status, granted by Queen Victoria in 1888.
The Royal Courts of Justice in Chichester Street are home to Northern Ireland's Supreme Court.
Windsor House, 262 ft high, has 23 floors and is the second tallest building in Ireland.
Work has started on the taller Obel Tower, which already surpasses the height of Windsor House in its unfinished state.
Including the Waterfront Hall and the Odyssey Arena, Belfast has several other venues for performing arts.
The architecture of the Grand Opera House has an oriental theme and was completed in 1895.
It was bombed several times during the Troubles but has now been restored to its former glory.
The Lyric Theatre, the only full-time producing theatre in the country, is where film star Liam Neeson began his career.
The Ulster Hall was originally designed for grand dances but is now used primarily as a concert and sporting venue.
The zoo is one of the top visitor attractions in Northern Ireland, receiving more than 295,000 visitors a year.
This made it the fifteenth-largest city in the United Kingdom, but the eleventh-largest conurbation.
Belfast experienced a huge growth in population around the first half of the twentieth century.
Black taxis are common in the city, operating on a share basis in some areas.
Belfast has a large port used for exporting and importing goods, and for passenger ferry services.
Until 2011 the route went to Stranraer and used inter alia a HSS vessel – with a crossing time of around 90 minutes.
A seasonal sailing to Douglas, Isle of Man is operated by the Isle of Man Steam Packet Company.
Throughout the Troubles, Belfast artists continued to express themselves through poetry, art and music.
In 2003, Belfast had an unsuccessful bid for the 2008 European Capital of Culture.
In 2004–05, art and cultural events in Belfast were attended by 1.8 million people .
The same year, 80,000 people participated in culture and other arts activities, twice as many as in 2003–04.
In 2004–05, 5.9 million people visited Belfast, a 10% increase from the previous year, and spent £262.5 million.
Founded in 1966, it has existed in its present form since 1981, when the BBC Northern Ireland Orchestra was disbanded.
Well known city centre venues would include Kelly's Cellars, Maddens and the Hercules bar.
The provision of certain resources for these schools is supported by the charitable organisation TACA.
One of Northern Ireland's two community TV stations, NvTv, is based in the Cathedral Quarter of the city.
In November 2011, Belfast became the smallest city to host the MTV Europe Music Awards.
The Belfast Marathon is run annually on May Day, and attracted 20,000 participants in 2011.
The current Irish League champions Cliftonville are based at Solitude, in the north of the city.
of the Northern Amateur Football League and Brantwood and Ballysillan Swifts of the Ballymena & Provincial League.
Belfast was the home town of Manchester United legend George Best who died in November 2005.
The 1999 Heineken Cup champions Ulster Rugby play at the Kingspan Stadium in the south of the city.
Many ex-NHL players have featured on the Giants roster, none more famous than world superstar Theo Fleury.
The Giants play in the 10 team professional Elite Ice Hockey League which is the top league in Britain.
The Giants have been league champions 4 times, most recently in the 2013–14 season.
The Coleraine campus, about from Belfast city centre concentrates on a broad range of subjects.
Formerly known as Belfast Institute of Further and Higher Education, it specialises in vocational education.
Belfast is one of the most visited cities in the UK, and the second most visited on the island of Ireland.
They also hope to invest in a new modern transport system for Belfast, with a cost of £250 million.
 Belgium Belgium , officially the Kingdom of Belgium, is a sovereign state in Western Europe.
The Brussels-Capital Region, officially bilingual, is a mostly French-speaking enclave within the Flemish Region.
A gradual shift of power during the 8th century led the kingdom of the Franks to evolve into the Carolingian Empire.
Many of these fiefdoms were united in the Burgundian Netherlands of the 14th and 15th centuries.
The Eighty Years' War divided the Low Countries into the northern United Provinces and the Southern Netherlands .
The latter were ruled successively by the Spanish and the Austrian Habsburgs and comprised most of modern Belgium.
This was the theatre of most Franco-Spanish and Franco-Austrian wars during the 17th and 18th centuries.
This recognition became official in 1898 and in 1967 a Dutch version of the Constitution was legally accepted.
The Berlin Conference of 1885 ceded control of the Congo Free State to King Leopold II as his private possession.
The opening months of the war were known as the Rape of Belgium due to German excesses.
Belgium joined NATO as a founding member and formed the Benelux group of nations with the Netherlands and Luxembourg.
Its total area, including surface water area, is 30,528 square kilometres; land area alone is 30,278 km2.
The Paris Basin reaches a small fourth area at Belgium's southernmost tip, Belgian Lorraine.
The thickly forested hills and plateaux of the Ardennes are more rugged and rocky with caves and small gorges.
The climate is maritime temperate with significant precipitation in all seasons , like most of northwest Europe.
The average precipitation per month varies between for February or April, to for July.
A 2003 report suggested Belgian natural waters to have the lowest water quality of the 122 countries studied.
The Chamber's 150 representatives are elected under a proportional voting system from 11 electoral districts.
Belgium has compulsory voting and thus maintains one of the highest rates of voter turnout in the world.
The Court of Cassation is the court of last resort, with the Court of Appeal one level below.
A few hours later, the new government under Prime Minister Yves Leterme was sworn in.
Finally, in December 2011 the Di Rupo Government led by Walloon socialist Prime Minister Elio Di Rupo was sworn in.
Late that century, and continuing into the 20th century, Flemish movements evolved to counter this situation.
The structure is intended as a compromise to allow different cultures to live together peacefully.
The budget—without the debt—controlled by the federal government amounts to about 50% of the national fiscal income.
Each level of government can be involved in scientific research and international relations associated with its powers.
The effects of the Second World War made collective security a priority for Belgian foreign policy.
In March 1948 Belgium signed the Treaty of Brussels, and then joined NATO in 1948.
However the integration of the armed forces into NATO did not begin until after the Korean War.
This mission was the first in a long line of UN missions which the Belgians supported.
Belgium's strongly globalized economy and its transport infrastructure are integrated with the rest of Europe.
The economy is characterized by a highly productive work force, high GNP and high exports per capita.
Its main exports are machinery and equipment, chemicals, finished diamonds, metals and metal products, and foodstuffs.
Belgium was the first continental European country to undergo the Industrial Revolution, in the early 19th century.
After World War II, Ghent and Antwerp experienced a rapid expansion of the chemical and petroleum industries.
As of 2006, the budget was balanced and public debt was equal to 90.30% of GDP.
Unemployment rates of 8.4% in 2005 and 8.2% in 2006 were close to the area average.
By , this had grown to 8.5% compared to an average rate of 9.6% for the European Union as a whole .
Belgium switched to the euro in 2002, with the first sets of euro coins being minted in 1999.
Muslims constitute 22.0% of the population of Brussels, 4.0% of Wallonia and 3.9% of Flanders.
The majority of Belgian Muslims live in the major cities, such as Antwerp, Brussels and Charleroi.
The Turks are the third largest group, and the second largest Muslim ethnic group, numbering 220,000.
Non believer pop music, Telex, Front 242, K's Choice, Hooverphonic, Zap Mama, Soulwax and dEUS are well known.
In the heavy metal scene, bands like Machiavel, Channel Zero and Enthroned have a worldwide fan-base.
In the 1980s, Antwerp's Royal Academy of Fine Arts produced important fashion trendsetters, known as the Antwerp Six.
Originated in 1832 and revived in the 1960s, the Gentse Feesten have become a modern tradition.
A major non-official holiday is the Saint Nicholas Day, a festivity for children and, in Liège, for students.
The Trappist beer of the Abbey of Westvleteren has repeatedly been rated the world's best beer.
The biggest brewer in the world by volume is Anheuser-Busch InBev, based in Leuven.
Since the 1970s, sports clubs and federations are organized separately within each language community.
Jean-Marie Pfaff, a former Belgian goalkeeper, is considered one of the greatest in the history of soccer.
It is located at the confluence of the Sava and Danube rivers, where the Pannonian Plain meets the Balkans.
The city has a population of 1.23 million, while over 1.65 million people live in its metro area .
It was conquered by the Romans during the reign of Augustus, and awarded city rights in the mid-2nd century.
In 1521, Belgrade was conquered by the Ottoman Empire and became the seat of the Sanjak of Smederevo.
Northern Belgrade remained the southernmost Habsburg post until 1918, when the city was reunited.
As a strategic location, the city was battled over in 115 wars and razed to the ground 44 times.
Belgrade was the capital of Yugoslavia from its creation in 1918, to its final dissolution in 2006.
Belgrade has a special administrative status within Serbia and it is one of five statistical regions of Serbia.
Its metropolitan territory is divided into 17 municipalities, each with its own local council.
It covers 3.6% of Serbia's territory, and 22.5% of the country's population lives in the city.
Belgrade has been awarded many titles, and is classified as a Beta- global city.
Belgrade lies above sea level and is located at the confluence of the Danube and Sava rivers.
The historical core of Belgrade, Kalemegdan, lies on the right banks of both rivers.
The city has an urban area of , while together with its metropolitan area it covers .
Across the Sava and Danube, the land is mostly flat, consisting of alluvial plains and loessial plateaus.
Belgrade lies in the humid subtropical climate zone, with four seasons and uniformly spread precipitation.
Monthly averages range from in January to in July, with an annual mean of .
Some of these tools belong to the Mousterian industry, which are associated with Neanderthals rather than modern humans.
There are several Starčevo sites in and around Belgrade, including the eponymous site of Starčevo.
The Paleo-Balkan tribes of Thracians and Dacians ruled this area prior to the Roman conquest.
In 471, it was taken by Theodoric the Great, who continued into Greece.
In 577, some 100,000 Slavs poured into Thrace and Illyricum, pillaging cities and settling down.
Lazarević built a castle with a citadel and towers, of which only the Despot's tower and west wall remain.
He also refortified the city's ancient walls, allowing the Despotate to resist the Ottomans for almost 70 years.
He shot the first motion pictures of Belgrade in the next year; however, they have not been preserved.
The First World War began on 28 July 1914 when Austria-Hungary declared war on Serbia.
In 1927, Belgrade's first airport opened, and in 1929, its first radio station began broadcasting.
Consequently, the city was heavily bombed by the Luftwaffe on 6 April 1941, when up to 24,000 people were killed.
Böhme rigorously enforced the rule that for every German killed, 100 Serbs or Jews would be shot.
The resistance movement in Belgrade was led by Major Žarko Todorović from 1941 until his arrest in 1943.
On 29 November 1945, Marshal Josip Broz Tito proclaimed the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia in Belgrade .
Higher estimates from the former secret police place the victim count of political persecutions in Belgrade at 10,000.
In 1961, the conference of Non-Aligned Countries was held in Belgrade under Tito's chairmanship.
In 1968, major student protests led to several street clashes between students and the police.
On 9 March 1991, massive demonstrations led by Vuk Drašković were held in the city against Slobodan Milošević.
According to various media outlets, there were between 100,000 and 150,000 people on the streets.
In 1999, during the Kosovo War, NATO bombings caused substantial damage to the city.
Several of these buildings have been left in their bombed states to serve as a memorial for the bombings.
Belgrade is a separate territorial unit in Serbia, with its own autonomous city authority.
These elections ended a long-time rule of Democratic Party, which elected mayors from 2004 to 2013.
Mayor of Belgrade is Siniša Mali, a political independent affiliated with Serbian Progressive Party.
Most of the municipalities are situated on the southern side of the Danube and Sava rivers, in the Šumadija region.
Between 10,000 and 20,000 Chinese are estimated to live in Belgrade; they began immigrating in the mid-1990s.
In 2007, a group of Iraqi Kurdish families stayed in UN Barracks in New Belgrade.
Currently, over 600,000 people are employed in 120,286 companies, 22,600 enterprises and 50,000 shops.
Microsoft Development Center located in Belgrade was at the time of its establishment fifth such center in the world.
Many world IT companies choose Belgrade as regional or European center such as Asus, Intel, Dell, Huawei, NCR etc.
Nordeus, a local video game startup, is one of Europe's fastest growing gaming companies.
In just five years of operation, Nordeus has grown to over 150 employees and €64 million of yearly sales.
Serbia overcame the problems of inflation in the mid-1990s, and Belgrade has been growing strongly ever since.
, over 40% of Serbia's GDP is generated by the city, which also has 31.4% of Serbia's employed population.
The city of Belgrade's 2014 nominal GDP is estimated at 16.97 USD, which amounts to 859,329 RSD per capita.
In September 2013, the average monthly net salary in Belgrade was 53,564 RSD , while gross salary was 73,970 RSD .
In the annual Economist Intelligence Unit survey in 2013, Belgrade ranked 86th most expensive among 131 world cities.
these figures are above those of the regional capitals such as Sofia, Bucharest and Athens.
The Nobel Prize winning author Ivo Andrić wrote his most famous work, The Bridge on the Drina, in Belgrade.
The Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts is also based in Belgrade, as well as the National Library of Serbia.
European Union National Institutes for Culture operates a cluster of cultural centres from the EU.
The most prominent museum in Belgrade is the National Museum, founded in 1844 and currently closed for reconstruction.
The Museum houses a collection of more than 400,000 exhibits, , and the Temple of Saint Sava.
However, in the mid-1950s, the modernist trends took over, and still dominate the Belgrade architecture.
On top of this, there are many parks, monuments, museums, cafés, restaurants and shops on both sides of the river.
Ada Ciganlija is a former island on the Sava River, and Belgrade's biggest sports and recreational complex.
Today it is connected with the right bank of the Sava via two causeways, creating an artificial lake.
Extreme sports are available, such as bungee jumping, water skiing, and paintballing.
There are numerous tracks on the island, where it is possible to ride a bike, go for a walk, or go jogging.
Apart from Ada, Belgrade has total of 16 islands on the rivers, many still unused.
Among them, the Great War Island, at the confluence of Sava, stands out as an oasis of unshattered wildlife .
These areas, along with nearby Small War Island, are protected by the city's government as a nature preserve.
SKC is also the site of various art exhibitions, as well as public debates and discussions.
At one end of the neighbourhood stands Belgrade's oldest beer brewery, founded in the first half of the 19th century.
The city is home to Serbia's two biggest and most successful football clubs, Red Star Belgrade and Partizan Belgrade.
The rivalry between Red Star and Partizan is one of the fiercest in world football.
The Pionir Hall is the main venue of basketball clubs KK Partizan, European champion of 1992 and KK Crvena zvezda.
Ivanović and Đoković are the first female and male Serbian players, respectively, to win Grand Slam singles titles.
The Serbian national team won the 2010 Davis Cup, beating the French team in the finals played in the Belgrade Arena.
Numerous Serbian and international designers and fashion brands have their shows on the fashion week.
With enrollment of nearly 90,000 students, the University is one of the Europe's largest.
Of the primary schools, there are 162 regular, 14 special, 15 art, and 4 adult schools.
The secondary school system has 51 vocational schools, 21 gymnasiums, 8 art schools and 5 special schools.
The 230,000 pupils are managed by 22,000 employees in over 500 buildings, covering around 1,100,000 m².
Belgrade has an extensive public transport system based on buses , trams , and trolleybuses .
It is run by GSP Beograd and SP Lasta, in cooperation with private companies on various bus routes.
Belgrade also has a commuter rail network, Beovoz, now run by the city government.
The main railway station connects Belgrade with other European capitals and many towns in Serbia.
The Port of Belgrade is on the Danube, and allows the city to receive goods by river.
The city is also served by Belgrade Nikola Tesla Airport, west of the city centre, near Surčin.
The Belgrade Metro is considered the third most important project in the country, after work on roads and railways.
The two projects of highest priority are the Belgrade bypass and the Pan-European Corridor X.
All of these decorations were received for the war efforts during the World War I and World War II.


Moreno graduated from Justin F. Kimball High School, and went on to major in Theatre at Southern Methodist University.
Moreno is married to Joel Rudnick, a talent agent; the couple have two children.
She performed in the Ziegfeld Follies and introduced a number of Irving Berlin's songs.
An early adapter to radio, Baker hosted her own radio show during the 1930s.
Eddie Cantor called her “Dinah Shore, Patti Page, Peggy Lee, Judy Garland all rolled into one.” Early life.
She was managed in vaudeville by Lew Leslie, who would become Baker's first husband.
As Baker's fame rose as a vocalist she became known for her Yiddish themed torch songs.
In 1925, fellow vaudevillian Sophie Tucker gave Baker a song that had been sent to her for consideration.
Baker had a brief film career as silent film gave way to lavish technicolor musical talkies.
The film survives and has been screened at film festivals but not released on DVD.
The couple had one child, Herbert Joseph Abrahams, later known as Herbert Baker, who became a screenwriter.
Baker died of a heart attack on April 25, 1957 at Cedars of Lebanon Hospital in Los Angeles, California.
She is buried in the Abrahams family mausoleum in Mount Judah Cemetery, Ridgewood, New York. 

In her obituary, The New York times gave her birthdate as 1911, indicating she died at age 84.
It is bordered by Togo to the west, Nigeria to the east, and Burkina Faso and Niger to the north.
Benin covers an area of approximately 115,000 square kilometers , with a population of approximately 9.98 million.
The largest religious group in Benin is Roman Catholicism, followed closely by Islam, Vodun and Protestantism.
After slavery was abolished, France took over the country and renamed it French Dahomey.
A Marxist–Leninist state called the People's Republic of Benin existed between 1975 and 1990.
The country of Benin has no connection to Benin City in modern Nigeria, nor to the Benin bronzes.
Before 1700, there were a few important city states along the coast and a mass of tribal regions inland .
Dahomey was also famous for instituting an elite female soldier corps, called Ahosi i.e.
The number went from 102,000 people per decade in the 1780s to 24,000 per decade by the 1860s.
The decline was partly due to the banning of the trans-Atlantic slave trade by Britain and other countries.
By the middle of the nineteenth century, Dahomey had begun to lose its status as the regional power.
In 1899, the French included the land called French Dahomey within the French West Africa colony.
In 1958, France granted autonomy to the Republic of Dahomey, and full independence on 1 August 1960.
For the next twelve years after 1960, ethnic strife contributed to a period of turbulence.
On 30 November 1975, he renamed the country to the People's Republic of Benin.
The CNR was dissolved in 1979, and Kérékou arranged show elections where he was the only allowed candidate.
The regime financed itself by contracting to take nuclear waste first from the Soviet Union and later from France.
In 1989, riots broke out after the regime did not have money to pay its army.
In 1999, Kérékou issued a national apology for the substantial role Africans had played in the Atlantic slave trade.
On 5 March 2006, an election was held that was considered free and fair.
The runoff election was held on 19 March and was won by Boni, who assumed office on 6 April.
The political system is derived from the 1990 Constitution of Benin and the subsequent transition to democracy in 1991.
In its 2007 Worldwide Press Freedom Index, Reporters Without Borders ranked Benin 53rd out of 169 countries.
Benin has been rated equal-88th out of 159 countries in a 2005 analysis of police, business and political corruption.
Benin is divided into twelve departments which, in turn, are subdivided into 77 communes.
In 1999, the previous six departments were each split into two halves, forming the current twelve.
Benin, a narrow, north–south strip of land in west Africa, lies between the Equator and the Tropic of Cancer.
With an area of , Benin extends from the Niger River in the north to the Atlantic Ocean in the south, a distance of .
It is one of the smaller countries in West Africa, one-eighth the size of Nigeria, its neighbor to the east.
It is, however, twice as large as Togo, its neighbor to the west.
Then an area of flat lands dotted with rocky hills whose altitude seldom reaches extends around Nikki and Save.
Benin has fields of lying fallow, mangroves, and remnants of large sacred forests.
In the rest of the country, the savanna is covered with thorny scrubs and dotted with huge baobab trees.
With an estimated 356 lions, W-Arli-Pendjari harbours the largest remaining population of lions in West Africa.
The main dry season is from December to April, with a short cooler dry season from late July to early September.
Variations in temperature increase when moving north through a savanna and plateau toward the Sahel.
The economy of Benin is dependent on subsistence agriculture, cotton production, and regional trade.
Cotton accounts for 40% of GDP and roughly 80% of official export receipts.
Benin is a member of the Organization for the Harmonization of Business Law in Africa .
Malaria is a problem in Benin, being a leading cause of morbidity and mortality among children younger than five years.
During the 1980s, less than 30% of the country's population had access to primary health care services.
Benin had one of the highest death rates for children under the age of five in the world.
As of 2010, Benin had the 34th highest rate of maternal mortality in the world.
According to a 2013 UNICEF report, 13% of women had undergone female genital mutilation.
In 2012, the project become a Biennial coordinated by the Consortium, a federation of local associations.
Many Beninese in the south of the country have Akan-based names indicating the day of the week on which they were born.
This includes Beninese Yoruba, which in Nigeria is written with both diacritics and digraphs.
The town of Ouidah on the central coast is the spiritual center of Beninese Vodun.
The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community, a sect originating in the 19th century, is also present in a significant minority.
The literacy rate in Benin is among the lowest in the world: in 2006 it was estimated to be 28.7% .
The main staple in northern Benin is yams, often served with sauces mentioned above.
Meat is usually quite expensive, and meals are generally light on meat and generous on vegetable fat.
Frying in palm or peanut oil is the most common meat preparation, and smoked fish is commonly prepared in Benin.
Grinders are used to prepare corn flour, which is made into a dough and served with sauces.
Palm roots are sometimes soaked in a jar with saltwater and sliced garlic to tenderize them, then used in dishes.
A Republican, Harrison was elected to the presidency in 1888, defeating the Democratic incumbent Grover Cleveland.
He also substantially strengthened and modernized the Navy, and conducted an active foreign policy.
The spending issue in part led to the defeat of the Republicans in the 1890 mid-term elections.
In 1900, he traveled to Europe as part of the case and, after a brief stay, returned to Indianapolis.
Their immigrant ancestor was Benjamin Harrison, who arrived in Jamestown, Virginia, in 1630.
Harrison was seven years old when his grandfather was elected President, but he did not attend the inauguration.
Despite the family's meager resources, Harrison's boyhood was enjoyable, much of it spent outdoors fishing or hunting.
Harrison and his brother Irwin enrolled in Farmer's College near Cincinnati, Ohio in 1847.
In 1850, Harrison transferred to Miami University in Oxford, Ohio and graduated in 1852.
He joined the fraternity Phi Delta Theta, which he used as a network for much of his life.
He was also a member of Delta Chi, a law fraternity which permitted dual membership.
At Miami, Harrison was strongly influenced by history and political economy professor Robert Hamilton Bishop.
Harrison joined a Presbyterian church at college and, like his mother, became a lifelong member.
On October 20, 1853, Caroline's father, also a Presbyterian minister, performed the ceremony.
He was admitted to the bar and began practicing law in the office of John H. Ray.
The same year he became a crier for the Federal Court in Indianapolis, for which he was paid $2.50 per day.
Having grown up in a Whig household, he favored that party's politics while young.
Harrison was elected as the Indianapolis City Attorney that year, a position that paid an annual salary of $400.
In Two years hence, Harrison successfully ran as the Republican candidate for reporter of the Indiana Supreme Court.
He was an active supporter of his party's platform, and served as Republican State Committee Secretary.
They worked together until he entered the Army after the start of the American Civil War.
While visiting Governor Oliver Morton, Harrison found him distressed over the shortage of men answering the latest call.
Morton asked Harrison if he could help recruit a regiment, although he would not ask him to serve.
Morton offered him the command, but Harrison declined, as he had no military experience.
He was initially commissioned as a captain and company commander on July 22, 1862.
Once mustered, the regiment left Indiana to join the Union Army at Louisville, Kentucky.
In 1864, Harrison and his regiment joined William T. Sherman's Atlanta Campaign and moved to the front lines.
On January 2, 1864, Harrison was promoted to command the 1st Brigade of the 1st Division of the XX Corps.
He rode in the Grand Review in Washington, D.C. before mustering out on June 8, 1865.
Former governor Oliver Morton favored his opponent, Thomas M. Browne, and Harrison lost his bid for statewide office.
He was ultimately defeated in a plurality by James D. Williams, losing by 5,084 votes out of a total 434,457 cast.
Following his defeat, Harrison was able to build on his new prominence in the state.
He gave speeches in favor of Garfield in Indiana and New York, further raising his profile in the party.
Harrison took his party's side and advocated for generous pensions for veterans and their widows.
In 1884, Harrison and Gresham competed for influence at the 1884 Republican National Convention.
Harrison then returned to Indianapolis and his law practice, but stayed active in state and national politics.
The initial favorite for the Republican nomination was the previous nominee, James G. Blaine of Maine.
Harrison placed fourth on the first ballot, with Sherman in the lead, and the next few ballots showed little change.
He was nominated as the party's presidential candidate on the eighth ballot, by a count of 544 to 108 votes.
The election focused on the swing states of New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, and Harrison's home state of Indiana.
Harrison and Cleveland split these four states, with Harrison winning in New York and Indiana.
Voter turnout was 79.3%, reflecting a large interest in the campaign; nearly eleven million votes were cast.
Although Harrison received 90,000 fewer popular votes than Cleveland, he carried the Electoral College 233 to 168.
Although he had made no political bargains, his supporters had given many pledges upon his behalf.
Harrison was sworn into office on Monday, March 4, 1889 by Chief Justice Melville Fuller.
He gave his commitment to international peace through noninterference in the affairs of foreign governments.
There should be an executive office building, not too far away, but wholly distinct from the dwelling house.
Harrison acted quite independently in selecting his cabinet, much to the dismay of the Republican bosses.
In fact, other than Blaine, the only Republican boss initially nominated was Redfield Proctor, as Secretary of War.
Harrison had campaigned as a supporter of the merit system, as opposed to the spoils system.
One of the first appointments Harrison was forced to reverse was that of James S. Clarkson as an assistant postmaster.
The Act passed by wide margins in both houses, and Harrison signed it into law.
The Sherman Act was the first Federal act of its kind, and marked a new use of federal government power.
While Harrison approved of the law and its intent, his administration was not particularly vigorous in enforcing it.
However, his appointment of a silverite Treasury Secretary, William Windom, encouraged the free silver supporters.
In July 1890, Senator Sherman achieved passage of a bill, the Sherman Silver Purchase Act, in both houses.
Harrison thought that the bill would end the controversy, and he signed it into law.
When is he in fact to have those full civil rights which have so long been his in law?
When is that quality of influence which our form of government was intended to secure to the electors to be restored?
On December 29, 1890, troops from the Seventh Cavalry clashed with the Sioux at Wounded Knee.
Miles to investigate and ordered 3500 federal troops to South Dakota; the uprising was brought to an end.
In Harrison's time in office, the United States was continuing to experience advances in science and technology.
Blaine's persistent medical problems warranted more of a hands-on effort by Harrison in the conduct of foreign policy.
In 1889, the United States, the United Kingdom and Germany were locked in a dispute over control of the Samoan Islands.
By September 1891 Germany relented, and was soon followed by Denmark, France and Austria-Hungary.
The first international crisis Harrison faced arose from disputed fishing rights on the Alaskan coast.
Canada claimed fishing and sealing rights around many of the Aleutian Islands, in violation of U.S. law.
In the last days of his administration, Harrison dealt with the issue of Hawaiian annexation.
The Senate failed to act, and President Cleveland withdrew the treaty shortly after taking office.
The first was David Josiah Brewer, a judge on the Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit.
Brewer, the nephew of Justice Field, had previously been considered for a cabinet position.
Jackson's nomination was indeed successful, but he died after only two years on the Court.
More states were admitted under Harrison's presidency than any other since George Washington's.
Harrison attended the three-day grand Centennial Celebration of the country in New York City on April 30, 1889.
The President typically made his best impression speaking before large audiences, as opposed to more intimate settings.
Harrison quite enjoyed a number of short trips out of the capital, usually for hunting – to nearby Virginia or Maryland.
At the convention in Minneapolis, Harrison prevailed on the first ballot, but encountered significant opposition.
The Democrats renominated former President Cleveland, making the 1892 election a rematch of the one four years earlier.
Their daughter Mary Harrison McKee assumed the role of First Lady after her mother's death.
He traveled around the nation making appearances and speeches in support of William McKinley's candidacy for president.
He died from pneumonia at his home on Wednesday, March 13, 1901, at the age of 67.
The engraved likeness of Harrison was modeled after a photo provided by Harrison's widow.
In all Harrison has been honored on six U.S. Postage stamps, more than most other U.S. Presidents.
Harrison also was featured on the five-dollar National Bank Notes from the third charter period, beginning in 1902.
In 1951, Harrison's home was opened to the public as a library and museum.
It had been used as a dormitory for a music school from 1937 to 1950.
In 2012, a dollar coin with his image, part of the Presidential $1 Coin Program, was issued.
 Berlin Berlin is the capital of Germany and one of the 16 states of Germany.
Due to its location in the European Plain, Berlin is influenced by a temperate seasonal climate.
Around one-third of the city's area is composed of forests, parks, gardens, rivers and lakes.
Following German reunification in 1990, Berlin was once again designated as the capital of all Germany.
Berlin serves as a continental hub for air and rail traffic and has a highly complex public transportation network.
To facilitate buffering during load peaks, accumulators were installed during the 1980s at some of these power stations.
The Charité hospital complex is the largest university hospital in Europe, tracing back its origins to the year 1710.
The World Health Summit and several international health related conventions are held annually in Berlin.
Berlin has 878 schools that teach 340,658 children in 13,727 classes and 56,787 trainees in businesses and elsewhere.
Two of them are state schools , one is Protestant , and one is Jesuit .
Berlin is known for its numerous cultural institutions, many of which enjoy international reputation.
As of 2011 Berlin is home to 138 museums and more than 400 art galleries.
The Hamburger Bahnhof, located in Moabit, exhibits a major collection of modern and contemporary art.
The German Museum of Technology in Kreuzberg has a large collection of historical technical artifacts.
It has the largest mounted dinosaur in the world , and a preserved specimen of the early bird Archaeopteryx.
Berlin's nightlife is one of the most diverse and vibrant of its kind in Europe.
The central boroughs are home to many nightclubs, including the clubs Watergate, Tresor, E-Werk, and Berghain.
The SO36 in Kreuzberg originally focused largely on punk music, but today has become a venue for many performances.
In 1896 Berlin started the first gay magazine and the first gay demonstration was held in 1922.
The annual Berlin Festival is focusing on indie rock and electro pop and is part of the international Berlin Music Week.
Every year Berlin hosts one of the largest New Year's Eve celebrations in the world, attended by over a million people.
The Volksbühne at Rosa-Luxemburg-Platz was built in 1913–14, though the company had been founded in 1890.
Berlin has three major opera houses: the Deutsche Oper, the Berlin State Opera, and the Komische Oper.
The Berlin State Opera on Unter den Linden opened in 1742 and is the oldest of the three.
The Komische Oper has traditionally specialized in operettas and is located at Unter den Linden as well.
During the division of the city from 1961 to 1989 it was the only major opera house in West Berlin.
The city's main venue for musical theater performances are the Theater am Potsdamer Platz and Theater des Westens .
Apart from that, Berlin is well known for its vast offerings of vegetarian, vegan and organic food.
Typical Berliner fares include Currywurst, invented in 1949, Buletten and the Berliner pastry known in Berlin as .
Berlin is also home to a diverse gastronomy scene reflecting the immigrant history of the city.
The Tiergarten, located in Mitte, is Berlin's largest park and was designed by Peter Joseph Lenné.
In Kreuzberg, the Viktoriapark provides a viewing point over the southern part of inner-city Berlin.
Treptower Park, beside the Spree in Treptow, features a large Soviet War Memorial.
The city hosted the 1936 Summer Olympics and was the host city for the 2006 FIFA World Cup final.
In 2013, around 600,000 Berliners were registered in one of the more than 2,300 sport and fitness clubs.
Several professional clubs representing the most important spectator team sports in Germany have their base in Berlin: 
With a population of 140,228 , Bern is the fourth most populous city in Switzerland.
The Bern agglomeration, which includes 36 municipalities, had a population of 406,900 in 2014.
Bern is also the capital of the Canton of Bern, the second most populous of Switzerland's cantons.
In 1983 the historic old town in the centre of Bern became a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Bern is ranked among the world’s top ten cities for the best quality of life .
The bear was the heraldic animal of the seal and coat of arms of Bern from at least the 1220s.
In the Early Middle Ages, there was a settlement in Bümpliz, now a city district of Bern, some from the medieval city.
According to 14th century historiography , Bern was founded in 1191 by Berthold V, Duke of Zähringen.
In 1353 Bern joined the Swiss Confederacy, becoming one of the eight cantons of the formative period of 1353 to 1481.
The city grew out towards the west of the boundaries of the peninsula formed by the River Aare.
Population peaked during the 1960s at 165,000, and has since decreased slightly, to below 130,000 by 2000.
The two mountains closest to Bern are Gurten with a height of and Bantiger with a height of .
The site of the old observatory in Bern is the point of origin of the CH1903 coordinate system at .
A number of bridges have been built to allow the city to expand beyond the Aare.
There is an elevation difference of several metres between the inner city districts on the Aare and the higher ones .
Of this area, or 19.0% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 33.6% is forested.
Of the rest of the land, or 45.0% is settled , or 2.1% is either rivers or lakes and or 0.3% is unproductive land.
Of the agricultural land, 14.3% is used for growing crops and 4.0% is designated to be used as pastures.
The municipality is administratively subdivided into six districts , each of which consists of several quarters .
Bern has a population of 138,809 people and 34% of the population are resident foreign nationals.
Over the 10 years between 2000 and 2010, the population changed at a rate of 0.6%.
Of the population in the municipality, 39,008 or about 30.3% were born in Bern and lived there in 2000.
, children and teenagers make up 15.1% of the population, while adults make up 65% and seniors make up 19.9%.
There were 49,873 married individuals, 9,345 widows or widowers and 9,468 individuals who are divorced.
, there were 67,115 private households in the municipality, and an average of 1.8 persons per household.
There were 34,981 households that consist of only one person and 1,592 households with five or more people.
, the construction rate of new housing units was 1.2 new units per 1000 residents.
the average price to rent an average apartment in Bern was 1108.92 Swiss francs per month .
The average apartment price in Bern was 99.4% of the national average of 1116 CHF.
Both the legislative and the executive are elected in general elections for a term of four years.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SPS which received 29.12% of the vote.
The next three most popular parties were the Green Party , the SVP and the FDP .
In the federal election, a total of 43,783 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 51.5%.
Thanks to of arcades, the old town boasts one of the longest covered shopping promenades in Europe.
Bern's most recent sight is the set of fountains in front of the Federal Palace.
It includes the entire Old Town, which is also a UNESCO World Heritage Site, and many sites within and around it.
Within the Old Town, there are eleven 16th century fountains, most attributed to Hans Gieng, that are on the list.
As is customary in Switzerland, films are generally shown in their original language with German and French subtitles.
SC Bern is the major ice hockey team of Bern who plays at the PostFinance Arena.
The team has ranked highest in attendance for a European hockey team for more than a decade.
, there were 259 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 59 businesses involved in this sector.
16,413 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 950 businesses in this sector.
135,973 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 7,654 businesses in this sector.
, there were 94,367 workers who commuted into the municipality and 16,424 workers who commuted away.
The municipality is a net importer of workers, with about 5.7 workers entering the municipality for every one leaving.
Of the working population, 50.6% used public transport to get to work, and 20.6% used a private car.
From the , 60,455 or 47.0% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church, while 31,510 or 24.5% were Roman Catholic.
There were 629 persons who were Buddhist, 1,430 persons who were Hindu and 177 persons who belonged to another church.
16,363 belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 7,855 persons did not answer the question.
Following the lower secondary pupils may attend additional schooling or they may enter an apprenticeship.
During the 2009–10 school year, there were a total of 10,979 pupils attending classes in Bern.
During the same year, there were 151 lower secondary classes with a total of 2,581 pupils.
Several Aare bridges connect the old parts of the city with the newer districts outside of the peninsula.
Bern is also served by Bern Airport, located outside the city near the town of Belp.
 Bernadette Peters Bernadette Peters is an American actress, singer and children's book author.
Four of the Broadway cast albums on which she has starred have won Grammy Awards.
She moved to Los Angeles in the early 1970s to concentrate on television and film work.
She has appeared in many variety shows with stars such as Sonny and Cher and George Burns.
She has both performed and presented on the Academy Awards broadcasts in 1976, 1981, 1983, 1987 and 1994.
Peters, as Rita, sang both original songs written for the show and parodies of Broadway musical numbers.
She played a young, liberal photographer, who becomes romantically involved with an older, conservative columnist.
Although Peters was praised for her charismatic performance, the show ran for only one season.
Peters was nominated for a Golden Globe award as Best TV Actress – Musical Equity Fights AIDS.
On November 19, 2009, she helped to celebrate the opening of The David Rubenstein Atrium at Lincoln Center.
She had been part of the Roundabout Theatre's Sondheim gala for his 75th birthday.
Peters and Steve Martin began a romantic relationship in 1977 that lasted approximately four years.
Wittenberg died at age 43 on September 26, 2005 in a helicopter crash in Montenegro while on a business trip.
Peters has received many honorary awards, including a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 1987.
In 2015, at the Drama League Centennial Gala, Peters is the Centennial Honoree.
She was born as Bernice Jahnigen to Adolph and Clara Jahnigen in 1906 in Oakland, California.
With a clear coloratura, she took to the stage performing light opera and had no difficulty singing demanding roles.
Operettas began losing popularity with audiences so Warners tried Claire in dramatic parts without much success.
Claire made several more musical shorts up through the late thirties , later becoming a radio and orchestra singer.
She died from pneumonia, aged 96, in her adopted hometown of Portland, Oregon, where she had lived for many years.
Following a brief modeling career in the late 1960s, Berenson became a freelance photographer.
They remained married until Perkins' death from AIDS-related complications on September 12, 1992.
At the National September 11 Memorial & Museum, Berenson is memorialized at the North Pool, on Panel N-76. 
Her mother was Babette Halber Kalakh, a seamstress who often made costumes for local theaters.
Babette was an active opera fan and her devotion inspired a love for the stage in her daughter.
While still barely a teen, Kalich sang in the chorus for La Traviata in the Lviv Polish Theatre Opera.
Even at that age, Kalich already had a major career in at least three countries and four languages.
She also took reprised former roles of Shulamis, Juliette, and Desdemona in a number of Yiddish-language productions.
She worked with Minnie Maddern Fiske for months to correct her speech, but was never completely successful.
By the late 1920s, Kalich’s eyesight was failing, and she gradually became blind.
They were interred together in the Garden of Memory at Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery, Glendale, California. 
While at Bryn Mawr and Brown, Armstrong appeared in over one hundred stage plays.
Her second marriage took place on August 5, 1929, in Los Angeles, to William S. Holman .
She was one of the 36 founders of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
Motta's Facebook page is regularly updated but there is no suggestion of what she does day-to-day now.
Barriscale was born Elizabeth Barry Scale, in Hoboken, New Jersey to Irish immigrants from County Cork.
The movies were to be completed, produced, and delivered by January 21, 1921.
At this time Miss Barriscale's managers insured her life for a half million dollars against eventualities.
Barriscale was enthusiastic about William Shakespeare and wanted to bring one of his plays to the screen.
Barriscale went so far as to hire a swimming and diving instructor and took lessons in Venice, California.
The play was to travel to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and Boston, Massachusetts after opening in Washington, DC.
Actor Jackie Coogan purchased the home of Bessie Barriscale in Pellisier Square, Los Angeles in February 1922.
She had been married 21 years and had a son age twenty at this time.
She said she had been working at home for several years and had just learned to cook.
She is buried with her husband, Howard C. Hickman, at the Mount Tamalpais Cemetery in San Rafael, California. 
Eyton was born in Santa Barbara, California and died in Thousand Oaks, California.
 Bessie Learn Bessie Learn was an American actress, who appeared in 86 films between 1911 and 1919 Biography.
Elizabeth “Bessie” Learn was born in San Diego the middle of three daughters raised by Eugene and Lizzie Learn.
Soon after Bessie's birth her family relocated to Chicago where her father found work as a printer.
A few years later Bessie's mother died in Chicago leaving her father to care for three young daughters.
Her death was recorded on February 5, 1987 in Los Angeles under the name Betty Robbins, aged 98. 
With a small frame and delicate features, she played innocent young girls, flappers, and wholesome leading ladies.
Griffith, who introduced Bessie Love to films, also gave the actress her screen name.
Her technique was documented in instructional guides, including a series of photographs by Edward Steichen.
After the war, she resumed work on the stage and played small roles in films—often as an American tourist.
Love married agent William Hawks at St. James Episcopal Church in Pasadena, California on December 27, 1929.
They had a daughter, Patricia Hawks , who had some bit parts in movies in 1952.
Love has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6777 Hollywood Boulevard, Los Angeles, California. 
The theatrical presentation was performed at the McDonough Theater in Oakland, California in November 1906.
The stock company's travels took them west to Fresno, California and Winnipeg, Manitoba, in addition to Oakland.
A Clyde Fitch farce, the comedy made the run of the Shubert Theater chain.
It was presented in La Crosse, Wisconsin in October 1908 prior to an engagement in St. Louis, Missouri.
She plays a bar maid in the National Film Corporation of America movie Tarzan of the Apes .
She had two sons, Harry Childs Jr., from her first marriage, and Russell Chesley Jr., from her second.
She moved with her family to Los Angeles in 1918 to pursue her acting career.
Her grandson, Russell H. Chesley, is an entertainment industry executive and motion picture writer and producer 
She began performing in theater at the age of four, and played soccer while growing up.
She began attending Tamalpais High School in 2001, and was accepted into the school's highly regarded drama program.
Behrs moved to Los Angeles, California in 2004, to study acting at the UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television.
She began auditioning for roles in her senior year and graduated in 2008 with a degree in critical studies.
Her character is a graduate of the Wharton School who teams up with a cynical waitress named Max in a business venture.
Broderick was born in Falmouth, Kentucky, the daughter of Nina Lou and Thomas Joseph Broderick.
She appears in a promotional video for Camp Wellstone saying she attended the camp because she wants to run for office.
Her favorite authors are Reynolds Price, Tim McLaurin, Jim Harrison, and Truman Capote.
Grant was born in Gadsden, Alabama, and is an alumna of East Carolina University.
She is married to actor Michael Chieffo with whom she has a daughter, Mary Chieffo.
She lives in Los Angeles, California with one son, Jackson Oliver Fox and an adopted daughter, Halcyon ‘Hallie’ Juna, .
More recently, Littleford appeared in TV commercials for Laughing Cow cheese and a hotel chain.
Her mother, Judy , is a former model and devout Catholic, and her father, Robert Ostrosky, is a dentist.
She has appeared in her own line of calendars, as well as on the covers of several magazines.
Beth Porter made her first professional appearance at age 12 in a Westchester County touring company.
Porter founded the London LaMaMa, and became its administrative and artistic director, touring all over Europe.
A number of her radio plays and short stories have been broadcast on BBC Radio 4.
Riesgraf was in a relationship with Jason Lee from 2001 to 2007 and the two were engaged to be married.
With Lee she had her first child at age 25, a son named Pilot Inspektor Riesgraf-Lee, on September 28, 2003.
Since 2009, she has been in a relationship with LA-based Irish actor Alan Smyth. 
Lenz also filmed two pilots: one playing the daughter of Paul Sorvino, and the other as the lead in the WB's 1972.
In the sixth season, Lenz made her directorial debut and stepped behind the camera to call all the shots.
She played the role of 'Meg' a single mother that the character, Tyler, begins to date.
Lenz's character is scheduled to appear in the fourth episode of the final season.
In late September 2013, Lenz landed the role Lauren Byrd on a new E!
On May 18, 2015, Lenz revealed on her Who Say account that she was being replaced.
Since Lenz's exit from Guiding Light she has completed a demo of original music.
Trained by the director of The Brooklyn College of Opera, Lenz plays the guitar and piano, and writes her own music.
However, in 2006 after changes within the company, Lenz split from the label.
In 2008, Lenz took her music to new grounds and formed the band Everly with her lifelong friend, Amber Sweeney.
and other singers at the Gramercy Theatre in New York City for the BTF Concerts: Rock The Schools 2012 concert.
During an with Mary Ann Albright in late July 2013, Lenz talked about her plans for her musical career.
The song was highly wanted from her fans after she performed it on Rock the Schools Concert in 2012.
The song was released as a teaser for Lenz's new album to be released soon.
On July 21, the song was on her WhoSay site and later on her SoundCloud site.
As well as supporting the new EP, fans were able to give back to the charity STOP THE TRAFFIK.
The song features Noah's father and his friends explaining Noah's childhood stutter to new love Allie .
In late February 2011, Lenz gave birth to a daughter, Maria Rose Galeotti.
The following is a list of albums and songs by Bethany Joy Lenz that has been recorded. 
 Bethel Leslie Jane Bethel Leslie was an American theatre, film, and television actress and a screenwriter.
Born in New York, New York, Leslie's parents were a lawyer, Warren Leslie, and Jane Leslie, a newspaperwoman.
She was survived by her daughter, Leslie McCullough Jeffries, and her brother, writer Warren Leslie. 
 Betsy Baker Betsy Baker is an American actress, best known as playing Linda in the cult classic film The Evil Dead.
Baker was born in Cedar Rapids, Iowa - a middle child - and grew up in St. Joseph, Michigan.
She started piano lessons at the age of five and also took voice lessons and studied dance.
She attended Michigan State University and graduated with a degree in theater education and classical voice.
Baker landed the role of Linda in the film The Evil Dead after she came to Sam Raimi's attention in Detroit.
After a lengthy hiatus, in which she focused on being a mother, Baker resumed her acting career in 2006.
 Betsy Blair Betsy Blair was an American actress of film and stage, long based in London.
She continued her career with regular theatre, film and television work until the mid-1990s.
She joined the John Robert Powers modeling agency and by the age of twelve was in regular demand.
However, the Board of Admission considered her too immature for entry and requested she wait one year.
She and Kelly remained married for sixteen years and had one daughter together before divorcing in 1957.
She continued to hold left-wing political views and admittedly attempted to join the Communist Party.
Kelly himself was not a Communist and his status as a valuable star provided the couple some protection.
In the 1950s, Blair was under investigation from HUAC and blacklisted for several years.
By those years she self-confessedly became a conspicuous member of the avant la lettre European gauche caviar.
In 1980, she was a member of the jury at the 30th Berlin International Film Festival.
She was either dropped or withdrew from the project and her scenes were reshot with Moore in old-age makeup.
Betsy studied acting at the Central School of Speech and Drama in the United Kingdom.
Drake, the eldest child of two American expatriates, was born in Paris, France.
As a result, she returned to the U.S. on the with her parents, brothers, and a nanny.
She grew up in Chicago, Westport, Connecticut, Washington, D.C., Virginia, North Carolina, and New York City.
She began looking for work as an actress in New York City, supporting herself by working as a Conover model.
After coming to the attention of the producer Hal Wallis, Drake was pressured by her agent to sign a Hollywood contract.
She hated Hollywood and managed to get herself released from the contract by declaring herself insane.
Later that year, Drake was selected by Kazan as one of the founding members of the Actors Studio.
The two, who both happened to be returning to the U.S. on the , struck up an instant rapport.
Drake subsequently gave up acting to focus on her other interests, such as writing.
At the time, she had been visiting Grant in Spain and was returning to the United States.
She sailed as a first-class passenger, occupying a single cabin on the ship's boat deck.
Later, Drake took LSD as a way of recovering from the trauma of divorce.


She joined the show's original run, replacing Faye Emerson in 1958 and remaining until the show's finale in 1967.
She did not reprise her role in any of the various revivals of the show.
Palmer died on May 29, 2015, of natural causes at a hospice care center in Danbury, Connecticut.
Palmer married Dr. Vincent J. Merendino on May 8, 1954; the couple had one daughter, Missy .
From 1953 to 2001, Palmer was a guest star on 73 television programs, including : Awards.
Russell was born in San Diego, California, the daughter of Constance and Richard Lion Russell, a stock analyst.
Russell wanted to be an actress since age eight and started acting in school plays.
In August 1988, Russell was engaged to actor Vincent Van Patten, son of Dick Van Patten.
Russell holds a master's degree in spiritual psychology from the University of Santa Monica.
 Betsy Sodaro Betsy Sodaro is an American actress and comedian from the Upright Citizens Brigade Theater in Los Angeles.
After graduating, she trained and performed at the Sacramento Comedy Spot and moved to Los Angeles in 2007.
 Betsy von Furstenberg Betsy von Furstenberg was a German-born American radio, television, film, and Broadway actress.
She did not use the umlaut of her family surname in her professional career nor its compound hyphenation.
The couple had two children, a son, Glyn Douglas, and a daughter, Gay Caroline, Mrs. William Gerry.
Von Furstenberg remarried, in 1984, to John J. Reynolds, a New York real-estate broker, who died in 1994.
Von Furstenberg died on April 21, 2015 from complications of Alzheimer's disease in Manhattan.
She was married to English actor Peter Grant from 1952 until his death in 1992; they had three children. 
She joined Warner Bros. in 1932 and established her career with several critically acclaimed performances.
Married four times, she was once widowed and thrice divorced, and raised her children as a single parent.
In 1921, Ruth Davis moved to New York City with her daughters, where she worked as a portrait photographer.
Accompanied by her mother, she traveled by train to Hollywood, arriving on December 13, 1930.
She failed her first screen test but was used in several screen tests for other actors.
They all had to lie on top of me and give me a passionate kiss.
After nine months, and six unsuccessful films, Laemmle elected not to renew her contract.
Davis appeared in several films over the next two years but most were poorly received.
The British press offered little support to Davis, and portrayed her as overpaid and ungrateful.
Davis lost the case and returned to Hollywood, in debt and without income, to resume her career.
For her performance in the film she was awarded the Volpi Cup at the 1937 Venice Film Festival.
The latter was her first color film and her only color film made during the height of her career.
To play the elderly Elizabeth I of England, Davis shaved her hairline and eyebrows.
Recalling the episode many years later, Davis remarked that Laughton's advice had influenced her throughout her career.
During this time, she was in a relationship with her former costar George Brent, who proposed marriage.
Davis and Farnsworth were married at Home Ranch, in Rimrock, Arizona, in December 1940.
It was a refreshingly different role for Davis, as she played a kind, sympathetic character.
Wyler encouraged Davis to emulate Bankhead's interpretation of the role, but Davis wanted to make the role her own.
She received another Academy Award nomination for her performance, and never worked with Wyler again.
Following the attack on Pearl Harbor, Davis spent the early months of 1942 selling war bonds.
An autopsy revealed that his fall had been caused by a skull fracture he had suffered two weeks earlier.
Davis testified before an inquest that she knew of no event that might have caused the injury.
She alienated Vincent Sherman by refusing to film certain scenes and insisting that some sets be rebuilt.
In 1945 Davis married artist William Grant Sherry, who also, when necessary, worked as a masseur.
She had been drawn to him because he claimed he had never heard of her and was, therefore, not intimidated by her.
The film was well received by critics and made a profit of $2.2 million.
Katharine Hepburn played the role and was nominated for an Academy Award as Best Actress.
It failed at the box office, and the studio lost nearly one million dollars.
Davis reportedly loathed the script and begged Warner to recast the role, but he refused.
After the film was completed, Warner released Davis from her contract, at her request.
In later years, Davis often used it as her opening line at speaking engagements.
By 1949, Davis and Sherry were estranged and Hollywood columnists were writing that Davis' career was at an end.
Claudette Colbert, for whom the part had been written, had severely injured her back, and she was unable to continue.
Davis read the script, described it as the best she had ever read, and accepted the role.
Davis won a Best Actress award from the Cannes Film Festival, and the New York Film Critics Circle Award.
During this time she was invited to leave her handprints in the forecourt of Grauman's Chinese Theatre.
On July 3, 1950, Davis' divorce from William Sherry was finalized, and on July 28 she married Gary Merrill.
Few of Davis' films of the 1950s were successful and many of her performances were condemned by critics.
As her career declined, her marriage continued to deteriorate until she filed for divorce in 1960.
She negotiated a deal that would pay her 10 percent of the worldwide gross profits, in addition to her salary.
After a short courtship, she married Hyman at the age of 16, with Davis' permission.
In court she exposed her personal secretary, Miss Givney, played by Frances Reid, as the murderer.
Davis said that she intended it as a joke, and she sustained her comeback over the course of several years.
Davis played the mother of Susan Hayward but filming was hampered by heated arguments between Davis and Hayward.
A pilot episode was filmed, but was not shown, and the project was terminated.
In 1977 Davis became the first woman to receive the American Film Institute's Lifetime Achievement Award.
Following the telecast she found herself in demand again, often having to choose between several offers.
Though in poor health at the time, Davis memorized her own and everyone else's lines as she always had.
By this time her health was failing, and after disagreements with Cohen she walked off the set.
She collapsed during the American Cinema Awards in 1989 and later discovered that her cancer had returned.
She admitted she was terrified during the making of her earliest films and that she became tough by necessity.
Or was it that she was 'Larger Than Life,' a tough broad who had survived?
She favored authenticity over glamour and was willing to change her own appearance if it suited the character.
In 1977 Davis became the first woman to be honored with the AFI Life Achievement Award.
Of the 25 actresses listed, Davis was ranked at number two, behind Katharine Hepburn.
In 1962 Bette Davis became the first person to secure ten Academy Award nominations for acting.
Midler was born in Honolulu, Hawaii, where hers was one of the few Jewish families in a mostly Asian neighborhood.
She was named after actress Bette Davis, though Davis pronounced her first name in two syllables, and Midler uses one, .
Midler majored in drama at the University of Hawaii, but left after three semesters.
Midler married artist Martin von Haselberg on December 16, 1984, about six weeks after their first meeting.
Their daughter, Sophie Frederica Alohilani Von Haselberg, was born on November 14, 1986.
She began singing in the Continental Baths, a gay bathhouse in the Ansonia Hotel, in the summer of 1970.
I feel like I was at the forefront of the gay liberation movement, and I hope I did my part to help it move forward.
When Bette opened at the Amphitheater in Los Angeles, Maxene and I went backstage to see her.
During another Midler concert, Maxene went on stage and presented her with an honorary bugle.
It reached Billboard's Top 10 and eventually sold close to a million copies in the United States alone.
The single version of the title song, which Amanda McBroom had written and composed, held the No.
1 position on Billboard's Adult Contemporary chart for five consecutive weeks and reached No.
It earned Midler her first Gold single and won the Grammy award for Best Pop Vocal Performance, Female.
However, during production, there was friction with co-star Ken Wahl and the film's director, Don Siegel.
The movie scored mediocre reviews, while Midler received her first Razzie Award nomination for Worst Actress.
While the film received a mixed reception from critics, Midler earned rave review for her portrayal.
Midler played a large cameo role as widow Doris Saffrin in the 1995 John Travolta Hollywood vehicle Get Shorty.
After nearly three decades of erratic record sales, Midler was dropped from the Warner Music Group in 2001.
Now signed to Columbia Records, the album was an instant success, being certified gold by RIAA.
Well-received, the album received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album in 2007.
It comprised The Staggering Harlettes, 20 female dancers called The Caesar Salad Girls and a 13-piece band.


As a high school student, she performed for department stores' fashion shows in Boston.
 Betty Arlen Betty Arlen was an American actress best known for her being selected as a WAMPAS Baby Star in 1925.
She was married to theater manager, Louis Golden, but filed for divorce in 1932.
She appeared in 63 silent films and 56 talking pictures over the course of her career.
Blythe was married to the movie director Paul Scardon from 1919 until his death in 1954.
She reportedly made $3,500,000 when she sold a section of land that is now part of the Sunset Strip.
Betty Blythe died of a heart attack in Woodland Hills, California in 1972, aged 78.

Born Elizabeth Boyd Smith in Kansas City, Missouri, Boyd moved to Hollywood in the mid-1920s to pursue an acting career.
She had married Charles N. Over Jr. in the 1930s, a marriage which ended in divorce.
She died on September 16, 1971, in Los Angeles, aged 63, from undisclosed causes. 
Elizabeth Ada Bronson was born in Trenton, New Jersey, to Frank and Nellie Smith Bronson.
She appeared alongside actresses Mary Brian and Esther Ralston , both of whom remained lifelong friends.
After exhaustive tests, Betty Bronson, a pretty and gifted girl in her middle teens, was given this famous role...
It is known that Bronson kept all Fairbanks' letters and spoke of him fondly until her death.
 Betty Buckley Betty Lynn Buckley is an American stage, film and television actress, and singer.
She has three brothers—Norman Buckley is a film editor and TV director, and Patrick and Michael Buckley are engineers.
After returning to TCU to earn her college degree, she toured Asia to visit soldiers wounded in the Vietnam War.
She would go on to appear as Margaret White in the 1987 musical adaptation of the film on Broadway.
For this role, she won a Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical.
On January 28, 2013 Buckley was inducted into The American Theater Hall of Fame.
Buckley has recorded 16 solo albums, and performs in concert across the U.S. each year.
Buckley was married to Peter Flood in 1972, divorced in 1979, and has no children.
She conducts master classes in Fort Worth, New York City, Los Angeles and other cities around the country.
 Betty Burbridge Betty Burbridge was an American screenwriter and actress, best known for her Western screenplays.
In 1917, Burbridge began her career as a screenwriter, working at first on silent short films.
Burbridge died on September 19, 1987 in Tarzana, California at the age of 91.
Born Eleanor Luicime Compson in Beaver, Utah, she had an extensive film career.
She obtained employment as a violinist at a theater in Salt Lake City, Utah.
Compson returned from New York City where she obtained financial backing for her motion picture productions.
Compson worked for the Christie Company as a newcomer in films, followed by Famous Players-Lasky.
There she starred in a series of four films directed by Graham Cutts, a well-known English filmmaker.
Mainly due to this success, she became one of the busiest actors in the new talking cinema.
Unlike a number of other female stars of silent film, it was felt that her voice recorded exceptionally well.
Although she was not a singer, she appeared in a number of early musicals, in which her singing voice was dubbed.
Compson died in 1974, of a heart attack, at her home in Glendale, California, aged 77.
 Betty Compton Betty Compton was a stage actress who married New York City mayor Jimmy Walker in 1933.
She died of breast cancer in Doctors Hospital, Manhattan on July 12, 1944, aged 40. 
John became a lawyer, but he died in a swimming accident at age 40.
Her third marriage, to Raymond Olivere, lasted from 1968 until her death in 1973.

Katherine Elizabeth Garde was born in Philadelphia and worked in New York for most of her acting career.
Betty Garde died at the age of 84 in a hospital in Sherman Oaks, California.
Garrett was born in Saint Joseph, Missouri, the daughter of Elizabeth Octavia and Curtis Garrett.
When Garrett was eight years old, her mother married the fiancé she had jilted in order to marry Curtis.
They settled in Regina, Saskatchewan, where her new stepfather worked in the meat packing industry.
There was no drama department there, and she frequently organized musical productions and plays for special occasions.
Garrett and her mother arrived in Manhattan in the summer of 1936 and Garrett began classes in September.
She felt she was destined to be a dramatic actress and shied away from playing comedic roles.
It was during this period she joined the Communist Party and began performing at fundraisers for progressive causes.
Merman became ill during the run, allowing Garrett to play the lead for a week.
The show closed quickly, and Garrett began touring the country with her nightclub act.
It led to her being signed to a one-year contract with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer by Louis B. Mayer.
While appearing in Los Angeles, Garrett was invited to perform a comedy sketch at the Actor's Lab in Hollywood.
Eventually Parks joined her and introduced her to his mother, who lived in nearby Joliet.
The two were wed on September 8, 1944, four months after their initial meeting.
He willingly admitted that he had been a member of the party and initially refused to name others, but later did so.
Betty Garrett died of an aortic aneurysm in Los Angeles on February 12, 2011, at the age of 91.
Her bathing suit poster made her the number-one pin-up girl of World War II, surpassing Rita Hayworth.
Grable's legs were famously insured by her studio for $1 million as a publicity stunt.
Betty Grable was born Elizabeth Ruth Grable on December 18, 1916, in St. Louis, Missouri.
She was the youngest of three children born to Lillian Rose and John Charles Grable , a stockbroker.
She was entered in multiple beauty contests, many of which she won or for which achieved considerable attention.
Despite her success, she suffered from demophobia, the fear of crowds, and was a sleepwalker.
The play was an instant critical and audience success, and Grable was branded a new-found star.
Soon thereafter, she was offered to go on a personal appearance tour, which she readily accepted.
After reviewing her screen test, Zanuck cast Grable as Faye's replacement in the movie.
It was also a major box-office success, becoming the fourth-most popular movie of the year.
The film offered Grable her second teaming with Carole Landis, and it also co-starred Victor Mature.
Grable's performance was favorably reviewed by most critics, and the film enjoyed reasonable financial success.
The film was an immediate hit, Grable's biggest success to date, grossing more than $2 million.
The film's success led to Fox upping her salary and to her having a wider choice over the films she would make.
The film earned more than $3.5 million at the box office and was well received by critics.
In 1943, she collaborated with photographer Frank Powolny for a regular studio photo session.
During the shoot, she took several photos in a tight, one-piece bathing suit.
The picture was released as a poster and became the most requested photo for G.I.s stationed overseas.
Grable's photograph sold millions of copies, eventually surpassing the popularity of Rita Hayworth's famous 1941 photo.
Grable's success as a pin-up girl furthered her career as a mainstream movie star.
She preferred to star in up-beat and outlandish musicals, many of which followed the generic boy-meets-girl story tack.
Zanuck relented to Grable's own request not to tamper with her successful screen formula.
The film has her as a hostess for a USO canteen, who also provides entertainment for the troops during their time there.
The lavish musical used her famous pin-up photograph in many scenes, which boosted the photo's sales.
Many of the film's later scenes had to be rewritten to hide Grable's pregnancy.
After five years of constant work, Grable was allowed time off for an extended vacation.
Grable was reluctant to returning to movies, but Fox was desperately in need for her return.
Without Grable's movies, which generated large profits, the studio struggled to stay afloat.
The film also suffered from indifferent ticket sales, and Fox failed to regain their financial investment.
It received critical acclaim from critics and was a box-office hit, earning an estimated $5 million.
She ranked at the top of the poll in 1943, and ranked second in 1947 and 1948.
In 1949, although she still placed in the top ten, she slipped from second to seventh place in popularity.
Despite the similarities, they had new songs written and dances choreographed to modernize the film.
She requested an upped salary and the option to make only the films she wanted to make.
The studio refused to accommodate her requests, and she left the studio on strike.
In an effort to prevent getting sued, Grable grudgingly agreed to return to Fox to complete two more films.
It was, however, a box-office hit, earning more than $3.7 million.
Their marriage, which lasted for 22 years, was rife with alcoholism and infidelity before they divorced in 1965.
Grable died of lung cancer at age 56 in Los Angeles, California, on July 2, 1973.
She was entombed at Inglewood Park Cemetery in Inglewood, California, located southwest of Los Angeles.
Born Daisy Mae Light, she appeared in 108 films between 1908 and 1916 after starting out as a secretary for a newspaper.
 Betty Hutton Betty Hutton was an American stage, film, and television actress, comedian, dancer and singer.
She was the daughter of a railroad foreman, Percy E. Thornburg and his wife, Mabel Lum .
They did not hear of him again until they received a telegram in 1939, informing them of his suicide.
The three started singing in the family's speakeasy when Betty was 3 years old.
On the strength of its success, she signed a recording contract with the newly-formed Capitol Records .
The film, with the leading role retooled for Hutton, was a smash hit, with the biggest critical praise going to Hutton.
Unfortunately, box office receipts indicated the public did not want to see a subdued Hutton.
Hutton got work in radio, appeared in Las Vegas and in nightclubs, then tried her luck in the new medium of television.
In 1967 she was signed to star in two low-budget westerns for Paramount, but was fired shortly after the projects began.
Hutton's first marriage was to camera manufacturer Ted Briskin on September 3, 1945.
Two daughters were born to the couple Hutton's second marriage in 1952 was to choreographer Charles O'Curran.
Husband Alan W. Livingston, an executive with Capitol Records, was the creator of Bozo the Clown.
They divorced five years later, although some accounts refer to the union as a nine-month marriage.
Her fourth and final marriage in 1960 was to jazz trumpeter Pete Candoli, a brother of Conte Candoli.
Hutton had a nervous breakdown and later attempted suicide after losing her singing voice in 1970.
Hutton was then happily employed as hostess at a Newport, Rhode Island jai alai arena.
Hutton stayed in New England and began teaching comedic acting at Boston's Emerson College.
Hutton lived in Palm Springs, California until her death, at 86, from colon cancer complications.
Rhodes later had her own weekly show on NBC during the 1950s, which aired on Saturday nights.
Paramount Pictures signed her to her first film contract as an actress at the age of fifteen.
In 1945, Rhodes married her husband, Willet Brown, the co-founder of the Mutual Broadcasting System.
She and Brown had one child during their marriage, as well as Brown's three children from his previous marriage.
Betty Jane Rhodes died on December 27, 2011, at the age of 90. 
 Betty Jaynes Betty Jayne Schultz was a B-movie actress in the late 1930s to mid-1940s.
She signed a contract with MGM and began working in Hollywood on April 1, 1937.
Jaynes married actor and budding baritone Douglas McPhail during this time, but they divorced soon after.
At that time, he was radio director of the Leo Burnett Company, Incorporated.
On January 12, 1999, she died of a massive stroke at the age of 84. 
Born in New York City, she began acting on the stage in the 1940s and appeared in some plays on Broadway.
She married Robert Cordier, a Belgian-Franco-American director and poet, in January 1962 in New York.
She is the last surviving regular female cast member, with Elinor Donahue , from the show.
Born Elizabeth Ann Theresa Lynn in Kansas City, Missouri, Lynn began acting in radio.
She was later discovered in a Broadway production by Darryl F. Zanuck and signed to 20th Century Fox.
She makes monthly appearances at the Andy Griffith Museum in Mount Airy to sign autographs and meet with her fans.
 Betty Mack Betty Mack was an American film actress who appeared in over 45 films between 1931 and 1941.
Her father, George Henry T. Henninger, was a Texas cattleman, and had taught her to ride horses from an early age.
During 1943–44 she starred in another six films, three in each year, often playing opposite Tom Keene.
In her films, she usually did her own riding and stunts, and often worked as a stuntwoman on films.
By 1946 her involvement with acting had finished, and she elected not to return to the circus.
She also appeared with Denny in 1925's Skinner's Dress Suit in which she did a Charleston style dance.
Murray became a first lieutenant and trial judge advocate at the army air base in Santa Ana, California.
Morrissey died at St. Clare's Hospital in New York City under the name Mrs. Elizabeth Murray. 
She then studied dancing in New York City and spent a year on the vaudville circuit.
In 1926, the couple moved to Australia, where Clarke was engaged to perform in several plays.
Betty Ross Clarke made her first appearance on the stage in a stock company in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Her later stock engagements included performances in Pittsburgh; Haverhill, Massachusetts; and Sioux City, Iowa.
After her final film in 1940, she continued to perform occasionally in local theatrical productions.
During the 1920s, Clarke appeared in 14 silent films, including 11 U.S. films, two British films and one German film.
During the 1930s, she appeared in more than 20 sound films, including both feature films and short films.
Of note, she replaced the actress Sara Haden as Aunt Millie in two feature length Andy Hardy films.
Throughout her career, Clarke often performed on both the theater stage and in films during the same time period.
She was detained by the store but was released after she was recognized by store personnel.
She also liked to drive her Paige Daytona automobile and to take photographs during her travels.
She took great delight in describing to newspaper readers how she carried out the furniture painting.
Clarke was one of 242 bohemians who signed the Greenwich Village bookshop door between the years 1921 and 1925.
 Bettye Ackerman Bettye Louise Ackerman was an American actress primarily known for her work on television.
She graduated from Columbia College in South Carolina in 1945 and left for New York City soon after.
Her parents are Sharon Mitchell , an office manager, and David Mitchell, an auto racing promoter.
Producers initially turned her down as they did not think she was suitable to play Mary.
However, when she read for the part of sister Lucy, she was instantly cast.
She is actually 14 months older than Jessica Biel, who played her older sister.
She was reluctant about taking on the role at first as she has admitted she is not a fan of horror movies.
On April 11, 1997, Mitchell's friend Angela was killed in a car accident, at the age of fifteen.
The wedding took place on October 1, 2008 in Ravello, Italy on the Amalfi Coast.
On March 28, 2013, the couple welcomed their first child, a daughter named Kenzie Lynne.
On January 28, 2015, she gave birth to a baby boy named Hutton. 
In 1960 William Stanciu, her then boyfriend, died in her apartment after being shot.
Aadland was married and divorced twice before she married Ronald Fisher in the late 1960s.
Adams was born in Edmonton, Alberta to a Canadian mother and a U.S. Air Force father and was raised Roman Catholic.
During her career, Adams appeared in various guest roles in television series of the 1960s.
After marrying hairstylist Vidal Sassoon in 1966, Adams retired from acting to raise the couple's four children.
During her retirement from acting, Adams published several books and served as a spokeswoman for Vidal Sassoon, Inc.
She also launched her own line of pet care products, Beverly Sassoon Pet Care System.

In an interview she once stated grapes to be her favourite food and slugs to be her favourite animal.
She worked as an illustrator at Hanna-Barbera Studios and as a singer before pursuing an interest in acting.
In the 1980s she starred in many other major comedy films, and as of the mid-90's acted primarily in independent movies.
In the 2000s D'Angelo had a recurring role on ' as defense attorney Rebecca Balthus.
 Beverly Garland Beverly Garland was an American film and television actress, businesswoman, and hotel owner.
In the 1950s, many of her roles were of secure, tough women who could handle themselves in violent situations.
She and Crank had a son and a daughter, in addition to his son and daughter from a previous marriage.
The hotel continues to be owned by her family and managed by her son, James Fessenden Crank.
She was a criminal justice major at Northeastern University when she tried modeling while on summer break in 1971.
She had a brief singing career, releasing one album in 1979 on Buddah Records.
Her memoirs in which she discusses the Cosby incident was released on August 25, 2015. 

Born in Brooklyn, New York, she was first spotted by a Warner Bros. talent scout while singing in a nightclub in 1935.
In Hollywood she was a friend of Humphrey Bogart, Spencer Tracy, Pat O'Brien and George Jessel.
In the late 1940s and early 1950s, she was showcased in numerous radio and television appearances.
Roberts retired in 1977, and moved to Laguna Niguel, California, where she lived out the remainder of her life.
Roberts died in her sleep on July 13, 2009 at age 95 in her home in Laguna Niguel from natural causes.

Washburn's other co-stars included James Philbrook, Dirk Rambo, Dack Rambo, Carol Sydes, and Sandy Descher.
Washburn is an aunt of actress Darlene Tompkins, who is only three years her junior.
Her brother, George Washburn, who died of a heart attack in 1994, was an actor, stuntman, and race car driver. 
Wills' first marriage was to Lee Bamber, a Pasadena fireman, in 1952.
She was later married to Alan Grossman on July 12, 1954; the couple had two sons.
On October 24, 1963, Wills died in a house fire with her grandmother, Nina Davis, and two sons, Guy and Larry Grossman.

Kajlich began her career with the Olympic Ballet Theater as a ballet dancer in Edmonds, Washington.
The couple separated in late 2009 and a petition for divorce was filed on December 23, 2010.
Kajlich gave birth to the couple's first child, Magnolia, in April 2014. 
Hansen delivered her future daughter-in-law, Marissa Ribisi, and Marissa's twin brother, Giovanni, when they were born.
Hansen began her professional acting career as a child with the Saranac Lake Summer Theater in upstate New York.
As a teenager in the mid-1960s, Hansen appeared in films by avant-garde filmmaker Jonas Mekas.
In 1964, Hansen recorded an album on Laurie Records with Jan Kerouac in a band called The Whippets.
She has appeared in several television shows and movies, and received an Emmy Award in 1992.
Bibi Besch died on September 7, 1996 at age 54 following a long battle with breast cancer.
She was survived by her daughter, her sister, her half-siblings, nieces and nephews. 
Her theatrical career endured for seven decades, from the 1880s until the mid 20th century.
As a youth she was tutored in acting by Mrs. E.L. Fernandez, her mother, a noted dramatic agent.
For a May Blossom Picnic she wore a red check dress and danced in Central Park.
The couple had been identified with the production of the novel by Harriet Beecher Stowe for over thirty years.
She played in a production of it for the first time on June 7, at the Lyceum Theatre .
She accepted a contract with the Daly company in July 1887, which bound her to the firm for a period of seven years.
Fernandez portrayed Ann Cruger, the daughter of a Wall Street tycoon and an enemy of her sinful brother.
The musical comedy was written by George S. Kaufman, Moss Hart, Richard Rodgers, and Lorenz Hart.
Fernandez joined Goldwyn Pictures after the deaths of her mother and husband, the English actor William L. Abingdon.
Abingdon committed suicide in May 1918, in his home at 235 West Seventy-Sixth Street, New York City.
Fernandez died following a short illness at University Hospital in New York City in 1961.
She was a life member of the Episcopal Actors Guild and the Actors' Fund of America.
She was elected as an Actors' Fund trustee for a three year term on May 23, 1919.
She lived there on and off, doing extended visits with her parents, who had both acquired houses in the area.
The film received four Academy Awards nominations and was a critical success but not a box office success.
She was also cast as Nancy Spungen in a biopic about the Hotel Chelsea directed by Abel Ferrara.
In 2011, she starred in the video for Broken Social Scenes song Sweetest Kill.
I love singing and writing, but right now, the record industry is a disaster.
On February 14, 2014 Phillips gave birth to a daughter, Fianna Frances Masterson.
She was born in Evansville, Indiana, and died in Los Angeles, California.
Born Berniece Bird in Pocatello, Idaho, Bird was discovered at the age of eight while living at an orphanage.
The actress's beauty and taste made her a major trendsetter throughout the 1910s and 20s.
But when the family's savings were wiped out in the Crash of 1929, she took up screen acting again to aid her husband.
Despite the death of Florenz Ziegfeld during the film's production, she resumed filming shortly after his funeral.
At the time of her death, she was survived by her daughter, Patricia , and four grandchildren.
A park in the New York City suburb of Hastings on Hudson, New York, is named the Burke Estate.
On November 4, 2015, a crater near the north pole of the planet Mercury was named after her.
She married William Wilkerson, owner of the Trocadero and Ciro's, on September 30, 1935.
Seward renewed a divorce suit against Wilkerson in March 1938, using her legal name Rita Ann Wilkerson.
Seward performed with Lou Holtz at The Beverly Wilshire Hotel Gold Room in December 1933.
Colonel Tim McCoy, Ward Bond, and Ed LeSaint were among her fellow actors.
Seward contended that in 1944 he advanced $228,000 in partnership with Wilkerson, who put up $372,000.
The suit stipulated that profits would be divided 62 percent for Wilkerson and 38 percent for Seward.
Thomas Seward charged that Wilkerson took sole possession of the business and its assets in June 1951.
Seward asked for the sale of the business, a division of assets, and $150,000 in damages.

Barnes was born in Islington, London, the daughter of Rosa Enoyce and George Barnes, a policeman.
She died in 1998 of natural causes, aged 95, in Beverly Hills, California.
 Bitsie Tulloch Elizabeth Tulloch , known professionally as Bitsie Tulloch, is an American actress.
Tulloch was born in San Diego, California, but grew up in Spain, Uruguay, and Argentina.
Her father, Andrew Tulloch, works in Latin American banking, which is why she grew up abroad.
After returning to the U.S., she went to middle and high school in Bedford, New York.
Tulloch is of Scottish descent on her father's side and Spanish descent on her mother's.
It was released in November 2013 to coincide with the 50th anniversary of John F. Kennedy's assassination.
The film premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival in April 2012, and was released theatrically in May 2013.
Tulloch was nominated for a Critics Choice Award for Best Ensemble Cast for the movie.
While the series was quickly pulled and moved to Bravo, Tulloch was hailed for her performance.
 Blair Brown Bonnie Blair Brown is an American theater, film, and television actress.
The couple lived together from 1976 to 1985; they had one son, Robert Anson Jordan III, born in 1983.
Brown played the title role, and she, and the show, earned a small but dedicated following.
The show spent two years on NBC, then moved to the Lifetime cable channel for the remainder of its run.
In the 1990s, Brown expanded her career into voiceover work, narrating both audiobooks and films and documentaries.

She has an older brother, Eric, two half-sisters, Lori and Robyn, and a half-brother, Jason.
Both of her parents and all of her siblings are, or have been, in the entertainment industry.
She was initially not particularly interested in acting, and wanted to attend Stanford University.
Lively said of getting into character for the role that she had 'shed serious weight' for her height.
She played Serena van der Woodsen in the teen drama until 2012 when the show ended.
As of November 2009, the film had earned over $44 million at the box office.
Despite positive critical reception from critics, the film did not fare well at the box office.
The film, which stars Ben Affleck, was released in the United States on September 17, 2010.
That same year, she was selected as the face of the new Gucci fragrance titled Gucci Premiere.
She appeared in a short film ad directed by Nicolas Winding Refn for the fragrance.
In October 2013, Lively was named the new face of L'Oreal, marking her first major makeup campaign.
The film was a modest commercial success, grossing $54.5 million from a production budget of $25–30 million.
Also in 2010, Lively spent an evening working as a pastry chef at the renowned Per Se in New York City.
She has remarked that, when travelling, she always takes cookery classes to immerse herself in the local culture.
In 2010 and again in 2011, Lively spoke publicly of her desire to become a restaurateur.
In 2011, the actress created a S'mores cupcake to be sold at Sprinkles bakeries.
During the 2008 United States presidential election, Lively expressed her support for Barack Obama.
Lively and Penn Badgley appeared in a pro-Obama commercial, as part of MoveOn.org's Youth Vote program.
Ryan graduated from the University of New Hampshire with a Bachelor of Arts in political philosophy.
Since someone called Susan Ryan was already registered with the Screen Actors Guild, Ryan used her middle name instead.
Despite the film's success, she made only one film in the next five years .
Born Blanche Garfein in New York City, she is the daughter of actress Carroll Baker and director Jack Garfein.
Her father is a Czech Jew, who survived the Holocaust; and her mother converted to Judaism.
The troubled production opened on Broadway on March 19, 1981, after 31 previews and closed after only 12 performances.
However, despite the praise of critics, Baker has never appeared on Broadway again.
Born in Portland, Oregon, the daughter of F. M. Bates, Blanche was educated in the public schools of San Francisco.
In 1894 Bates married Milton F. Davis, a lieutenant in the U.S. Army and later a Brigadier General.
Friderici did not aspire to be an actress, but rather an acting and elocution teacher.
However, her eyesight began to fail, to the point she could no longer read, so she turned to acting.
 Blanche Mehaffey Blanche Mehaffey was an American showgirl and film actress from Cincinnati, Ohio.
Show producer Florenz Ziegfeld said she possessed the most beautiful eyes in the entire world.
Mehaffey dropped out of filming to study voice and languages for over a year in New York City.
Yurka was an opera singer, with minor roles at the Metropolitan Opera, before she became a stage actress.
She inherited her father's artistic and scholarly interests, including a love of music and acting.
She finished grade school before her father lost his job teaching Czech language at the Jefferson School in St. Paul.
Through persistence, she managed to get an audition with the theater impresario David Belasco.
There, she met actress Jane Cowl, who was starring in the production as Fanny Perry.
Yurka was foremost a stage actress and for a long time considered film-making an inferior art form.
Her severe, vaguely imperious looks led to her casting in a rogue’s gallery of austere or villainous parts.
Notably, one of her co-stars in the latter film was Alla Nazimova playing the Marquessa Doña Maria.
During World War II, she contributed her time and talent to the war effort as a theater performer.
She later vigorously defended the interests of American actors against a British invasion of American theaters.
On occasion, she could be critical of Broadway for production values which did not live up to the highest standards.
In the last 15 years of her life, few stage or film roles came her way.
She was a popular guest at women's clubs and colleges, where she continued to perform dramatic readings.
 Blaze Berdahl Blaze Autumn Berdahl is an American actress, singer, rapper, voice-over actor, announcer, and narrator.
Berdahl was born in New York City, the youngest daughter of Rita, a teacher, and Roger Berdahl, an actor.
She was born just one minute after her twin sister, Beau Dakota Berdahl, a talent agent.
On July 15, 2007, Berdahl married Stephen M. Tvardek of Hoboken, New Jersey.
She also had an elder sister, Elsie MacDonald, with whom she appeared on-stage and in vaudeville.
She later performed in films, credited as Marie Blake, appearing opposite Joan Crawford in her uncredited debut.
She died on January 14, 1978, in Los Angeles, California at age eighty-two. 
She was the daughter of established stage actor Arnold Daly and his wife Mary Blythe.
Daly was bisexual, as was Bankhead, and Le Gallienne was well known inside the acting community as being lesbian.
The four became close friends and associates, but of the four, Daly's acting career never took off.
She had several bit-parts in early silent films, and well into the 1930s she had small appearances, always uncredited.

 Blythe Danner Blythe Katherine Danner is an American actress of film, television, and stage.
Danner was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the daughter of Katharine and Harry Earl Danner, a bank executive.
Derek attended Narbonne High School and George S. Patton Continuation School, both in Harbor City, California.
Not long after the two started dating, John divorced his wife, actress Linda Evans.
They returned to the U.S. when Cathleen was 20 and they married June 10, 1976.
The film went unreleased until 1981, when as Bo Derek, the actress had already achieved a sex symbol status.
The film received a minor theatrical release in July 1977 and was an ultimate box office disappointment.
She played a young college student who has an affair with her older, married professor.
Filming took place on location in Africa on a moderate budget of $6.5 million.
On March 31, 1981, Derek won the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Actress.
She made frequent public appearances, and was featured on magazine covers and as a guest on television talk shows.
Derek's performance of the young, sexually inexperienced female lead was given the worst reviews.
On March 24, 1985, she again won the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Actress.
It was the final teaming of Bo as lead actress and her husband John as director.
Due to its lack of publicity, the studio released the film on VHS the same day it premiered in theaters.
Derek was again nominated for a Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Supporting Actress but lost to Madonna .
Derek attended the 17th annual Disabled Veterans Winter Sports Clinic in Snowmass Village, Colorado.
In 2003, she received the VA's highest honor from Secretary of Veterans Affairs, Anthony Principi.
John and Bo moved to Germany and returned to the United States soon after Bo's 18th birthday, and they married in 1976.
She continues to live in California with her sister, her sister's husband, and their two children. 
She moved from Kentucky to Chicago and then to Los Angeles, originally to study and pursue opera.
A club manager overheard her singing in the kitchen and offered her a role in the club's musical.
Bobbi Jordan died of a heart attack at her home in Encinitas, California, on November 9, 2012, at the age of 75.
She was predeceased by her late husband of 43 years, television writer Bill Jacobson, who died in 2011.
She played an Orion Slave Girl on ' as well as a newsreader in '.
In March 2007, Luther was named the new face of St. Pauli Girl beer.
She is also the spokeswoman for Lynx body spray, a brand that is called the Bond Film of Advertising.
Luther, in partnership with Jennifer Reuting, co-founded Cuties for Canines, Inc., a 5013 non-profit foundation.
Her parents divorced when she was a freshman in high school and her mother later remarried.
In her 2013 memoirs, Brown admitted that she was a cocaine and methamphetamine addict for a decade.
They had a daughter, Taylar Jayne Lane, in 1992, and divorced in 1993.
After her divorce from Lane, Brown was engaged to Mötley Crüe drummer Tommy Lee.
 Bodil Rosing Bodil Rosing was a Danish-American film actress in the silent and sound eras.
Bodil Hammerich was born as the daughter of a music dean and his wife, a well-known pianist.
She married a Norwegian doctor, Einer Jansen, in 1898; the couple had four children.
She was retired from acting when she came to Hollywood in 1924, where her daughter married actor Monte Blue.
Rosing was under studio contract at MGM and often played matronly roles like servants, housekeepers, cooks or mothers.
She had a recurring role in first three seasons, and was promoted as a series regular in the fourth season.
The story was probably written for a young teenage audience and is reminiscent of the adventures of Nancy Drew.
Jack and Molly were from Wrather's previous marriage to Mollie O'Daniel, a daughter of Governor of Texas and U.S.
She was honored at the Disneyland Hotel, which Jack Wrather owned until it was sold to the Walt Disney Company.
Bartlett was born in Wisconsin Rapids, Wisconsin, the daughter of Carrie and E.E.
Her father was an insurance salesman and a failed actor, and she was determined to live out his dream.
The storyline deepened in the next season when their son was killed and they had to raise their granddaughter.
Bartlett was added to the Hall of Honor at her alma mater, Moline High School in Moline, Illinois.
In 1961, she gave birth to a son, who died just 24 hours later.
Bedelia also had many other leading and supporting roles, and has worked regularly on television.
She has two brothers, one of whom is actor Kit Culkin, and a sister, Candice Culkin.
She married scriptwriter, Ken Luber, on April 24, 1969, and they had two sons - Uri and Jonah ; in 1980, they divorced.
She has also appeared in commercials for Dannon DanActive, Losethezits.com, and Verizon Wireless.

 Bonnie Hunt Bonnie Lynne Hunt is an American actress, director, producer, writer, host, and voice artist.
Hunt was born in Chicago, Illinois, the daughter of Robert Edward Hunt, an electrician, and Alice E. Hunt , a homemaker.
Her father was of Irish and Belgian ancestry and her mother is of Polish descent.
In 1982, she worked as an oncology nurse at Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago.
In 1984, she co-founded an improvisational comedy troupe called An Impulsive Thing with Holly Wortell, and Andy Miller.
Hunt also is an alumnus of The Second City, the improvisational theater troupe in Chicago, joining in 1986.
The series was also filmed live; mistakes, accidents, and forgotten lines were often left in the aired episode.
The show was praised by critics but was canceled after 11 of the 13 episodes produced were aired.
It was filmed in her Chicago neighborhood and included bit parts for a number of her relatives.
The show typically started with an opening monologue followed by guest interviews and games played with the audience.
In its first year, the show was nominated for three Daytime Emmy Awards: for opening theme, hairstyle, and makeup.
She is a supporter of the Multiple Myeloma Research Foundation, of which she is an honorary board member. 
Fields died from throat cancer in Richmond, Indiana, on November 17, 2012, aged 68. 
She currently writes, directs and acts in theatre and film, and teaches screenwriting at UCLA extension.

A struggle ensued, and her friend was shot in the lower back with a .22 caliber handgun.
At the age of 22, she moved to Los Angeles at which point she assembled a band and got an agent.
The Ottomans brought Islam to the region, and altered much of the cultural and social outlook of the country.
This was followed by annexation into the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy, which lasted up until World War I.
Bosniaks are the largest group of the three, with Serbs second and Croats third.
Regardless of ethnicity, a citizen of Bosnia and Herzegovina is often identified in English as a Bosnian.
The Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina is itself complex and consists of 10 federal units – cantons.
By the 6th century, Emperor Justinian had reconquered the area for the Byzantine Empire.
However, the Illyrians did not entirely vanish from Bosnia and Herzegovina with the arrival of new cultures.
Modern knowledge of the political situation in the west Balkans into the region in the late 9th century is scarce.
Thus, Slavic Bosnian tribes remained pagans for a longer time, and finally converted to Christianity.
Following his death in 1391 however, Bosnia fell into a long period of decline.
Later agrarian unrest eventually sparked the Herzegovinian rebellion, a widespread peasant uprising, in 1875.
External matters began to affect the Bosnian Protectorate, however, and its relationship with Austria-Hungary.
Nonetheless, Bosnia and Herzegovina as a whole managed to escape the conflict relatively unscathed.
Following World War I, Bosnia and Herzegovina joined the South Slav Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes .
However the rising threat of Adolf Hitler's Nazi Germany forced Yugoslav politicians to shift their attention.
Over the course of the war, Muslim villagers were systematically massacred by the Chetniks.
A significant split soon developed on the issue of whether to stay with the Yugoslav federation or seek independence .
The turnout in the independence referendum was 63.4 percent and 99.7 percent of voters voted for independence.
The Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina was subsequently admitted as a member State of the United Nations on 22 May 1992.
It is disputed between Bosniaks, Croats and Serbs who the first casualties of the war were.
Gornji Vakuf was initially attacked by Croats on 20 June 1992, but the attack failed.
The situation became more serious in October 1992, when Croat forces attacked the Bosniak population in Prozor.
DNA teams have been used to collect evidence of the atrocities committed by Serbian forces during these campaigns.
Following the Srebrenica genocide, a NATO bombing campaign began in August 1995, against the Army of Republika Srpska.
Recent research estimates the total number to be no more than 110,000 killed , and 1.8 million displaced.
Hundreds of people also gathered in support of anti-government protests in the town of Banja Luka.
The northeastern parts reach into the Pannonian basin, while in the south it borders the Adriatic.
The Dinaric Alps generally run in an east-west direction, and get higher towards the south.
The highest point of the country is peak Maglić at 2,386 m, at the Montenegrin border.
Major mountains include Kozara, Grmeč, Vlašić, Čvrsnica, Prenj, Romanija, Jahorina, Bjelašnica and Treskavica.
This farmland is a part of the Parapannonian Plain stretching into neighboring Croatia and Serbia.
The country has only of coastline, around the town of Neum in the Herzegovina-Neretva Canton.
Bosnia and Herzegovina has several levels of political structuring, according to the Dayton accord.
Since 1996, the power of the entities relative to the State government has decreased significantly.
The Brčko District in the north of the country was created in 2000, out of land from both entities.
They are unique to the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina entity, which consists of ten of them.
All of them have their own cantonal government, which is under the law of the Federation as a whole.
Some cantons are ethnically mixed and have special laws implemented to ensure the equality of all constituent people.
The Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina is divided in 74 municipalities, and Republika Srpska in 63.
As such, many municipalities have a long tradition and history with their present boundaries.
Cities have their own city government whose power is in between that of the municipalities and cantons .
The Chair of the Council of Ministers is nominated by the Presidency and approved by the House of Representatives.
He or she is then responsible for appointing a Foreign Minister, Minister of Foreign Trade, and others as appropriate.
It consists of two houses: the House of Peoples and the House of Representatives.
The Constitutional Court of Bosnia and Herzegovina is the supreme, final arbiter of legal matters.
The Bosnian military consists of the Bosnian Ground Forces and Air Force and Air Defense.
The Army has recently adopted remodeled MARPAT uniforms, used by Bosnian soldiers serving with ISAF in Afghanistan.
A domestic production program is now underway to ensure that army units are equipped with the correct ammunition.
45 soldiers, mostly acting as base security and medical assistants, served in AFG.
85 Bosnian soldiers served as base security in IRQ, occasionally conducting infantry patrols there as well.
Full membership is expected in 2014 or 2015, depending on the progress of reforms.
Large population migrations during the Yugoslav wars in the 1990s have caused demographic shifts in the country.
The equal status of Bosnian, Serbian and Croatian was verified by the Constitutional Court in 2000.
With much of the production capacity unrestored, the Bosnian economy still faces considerable difficulties.
Annual inflation is the lowest relative to other countries in the region at 1.9% in 2004.
The international debt was $3.1 billion  – the smallest amount of debt owed of all the former Yugoslav republics.
According to Eurostat data, Bosnia and Herzegovina's PPS GDP per capita stood at 29 per cent of the EU average in 2010.
The International Monetary Fund announced a loan to Bosnia worth US$500 million to be delivered by Stand-By Arrangement.
It has been estimated that 30 million pilgrims have come to Međugorje since the reputed apparitions began in 1981.
National Geographic magazine named Bosnia and Herzegovina as the best mountain biking adventure destination for 2012.
The first bespoke higher-education institution was a school of Sufi philosophy established by Gazi Husrev-beg in 1531.
In 1887, under the Austro-Hungarian Empire, a Sharia law school began a five-year program.
In the 1940s the University of Sarajevo became the city's first secular higher education institute.
Severely damaged during the war, it was recently rebuilt in partnership with more than 40 other universities.
Secondary education is provided by general and technical secondary schools where studies typically last for four years.
The National Theater was founded 1919 in Sarajevo and its first director was the dramatist Branislav Nušić.
However, only with the arrival of Austro-Hungarians did the painting renaissance in Bosnia really begin to flourish.
The first educated artists from European academies appeared with the beginning of the 20th century.
Among those are: Gabrijel Jurkić, Petar Šain, Roman Petrović and Lazar Drljača.
In 2007, Ars Aevi, a museum of contemporary art that includes works by renowned world artists was founded in Sarajevo.
However, because of years of Austrian rule, there are many influences from Central Europe.
Some local specialties are ćevapi, burek, dolma, sarma, pilav, goulash, ajvar and a whole range of Eastern sweets.
Bosnia and Herzegovina has produced many athletes, both as a state in Yugoslavia and independently after 1992.
The Bosnia and Herzegovina national football team played at the 2014 FIFA World Cup, its first major tournament.
Meho Kodro spent most of his career playing in Spain most notably with Real Sociedad and FC Barcelona.
Elvir Rahimić made 302 appearances for Russian club CSKA Moscow with whom he won the UEFA Cup in 2005.
Milena Nikolić, member of women's national team, was 2013–14 UEFA Women's Champions League top scorer.
Bosnia and Herzegovina is the tenth country in the entire world by per capita coffee consumption. 
She is married to film director Blair Hayes since 2010, having lived with him since 1999.
She gave birth to a boy, Ashby Buck, on March 15, 2011. 
Botswana is topographically flat, with up to 70 percent of its territory being the Kalahari Desert.
It is bordered by South Africa to the south and southeast, Namibia to the west and north, and Zimbabwe to the northeast.
Its border with Zambia to the north near Kazungula is poorly defined but at most is a few hundred metres long.
A mid-sized country of just over 2 million people, Botswana is one of the most sparsely populated nations in the world.
Around 10 percent of the population lives in the capital and largest city, Gaborone.
The Tswana are the majority ethnic group in Botswana, making up 79% of the population.
The largest minority ethnic groups are the BaKalanga, San or AbaThwa also known as Basarwa.
In addition, there are small numbers of whites and Indians, both groups being roughly equally small in number.
The white population speaks English and Afrikaans and makes up roughly 3% of the population.
Since the mid-1990s the central government of Botswana has been trying to move San out of their lands.
The official language of Botswana is English although Setswana is widely spoken across the country.
For example, the main ethnic group of Botswana is the Tswana people, hence the name Botswana for its country.
The people as a whole are Batswana, one person is a Motswana, and the language they speak is Setswana.
Other languages spoken in Botswana include Kalanga , Sarwa , Ndebele, !Xóõ and in some parts Afrikaans.
Anglicans, Methodists, and the United Congregational Church of Southern Africa make up the majority of Christians.
In Gaborone, there is a Lutheran History Centre which is open to the public.
This differs by regime, age, gender and status in the group or if it's a tribal activity, status in the community.
Written and composed by Kgalemang Tumediso Motsete, it was adopted upon independence in 1966.
The cuisine of Botswana is unique but also shares some characteristics with other cuisine of Southern Africa.
Examples of Botswana food are pap, boerewors, samp, vetkoek and mopani worms.
Other popular sports are cricket, tennis, rugby, badminton, softball, handball, golf, and track and field.
Botswana became a member of The International Badminton Federation and Africa Badminton Federation in 1991.
Currently, the Botswana Golf Union offers an in which golfers compete in tournaments and championships.
Botswana won its first Olympic medal in 2012 when Nijel Amos won silver in the 800 metres.
In 2007, the BBF invited the English Bridge Union to host a week-long teaching program in May 2008.
Botswana increased its adult literacy rate from 69% in 1991 to 83% in 2008.
All students were guaranteed ten years of basic education, leading to a Junior Certificate qualification.
Many other students end up in the numerous private tertiary education colleges around the country.
Those objectives are in part pursued through policies in favour of vocational education, gathered within the NPVET .
Hotels include; The , a 5-Star hotel, and The , a luxury hotel that also features a casino.
The is Botswana's first permanent amusement park and hosts events such as birthday parties for families.
In Botswana, there are also destinations which include; The Gaborone Yacht Club and The Kalahari Fishing Club.
In addition, natural attractions for tourists in Botswana include; The Gaborone Dam and Mokolodi Nature Reserve.
She appeared in the film Nightstalker with Bret Roberts, Joseph McKelheer and Roxanne Day.
Emma appeared with Jeremy Sisto and friends Ethan Embry, Erik Michael Cole and Sam Doumit in the film Little Savant.
As singer, she was in the 2004 dance song Get Up Stand Up by Stellar Project.

 Bratislava Bratislava is the capital of Slovakia, and with a population of about 500,000, the country's largest city.
Bratislava is in southwestern Slovakia, occupying both banks of the River Danube and the left bank of the River Morava.
Bordering Austria and Hungary, it is the only national capital that borders two independent countries.
It is the seat of the Slovak president, the parliament and the Slovak Executive.
This is the term which the German, the pre-1919 Slovak and Czech names are derived from.
The name Pressburg was also used in English-language publications until 1919, and it is occasionally used today.
About 200 BC, the Celtic Boii tribe founded the first significant settlement, a fortified town known as an oppidum.
The Romans introduced grape growing to the area and began a tradition of winemaking, which survives to the present.
The Slavs arrived from the East between the 5th and 6th centuries during the Migration Period.
The exact location of the battle remains unknown, and some interpretations place it west of Lake Balaton.
The Kingdom of Hungary was defeated by the Ottoman Empire in the Battle of Mohács in 1526.
Between 1536 and 1830, eleven Hungarian kings and queens were crowned at St. Martin's Cathedral.
Many central offices subsequently moved to Buda, followed by a large segment of the nobility.
In the course of the 18th century, the city became a centre for the Slovak national movement.
In 1825 the Hungarian National Learned Society was founded in Pressburg using a donation from István Széchenyi.
The city chose the revolutionary Hungarian side, but was captured by the Austrians in December 1848.
The first horse-drawn railway in the Kingdom of Hungary, from Pressburg to Szentgyörgy Svätý Jur, was built in 1840.
A new line to Vienna using steam locomotives was opened in 1848, and a line to Pest in 1850.
Before World War I, the city had a population that was 42% ethnic German, 41% Hungarian and 15% Slovak .
However, the Czechoslovak Legions occupied the city on January 1, 1919, and made it part of Czechoslovakia.
The city became the seat of Slovakia's political organs and organizations and became Slovakia's capital on 4 February.
On March 27, 1919, the name Bratislava was officially adopted for the first time.
Left without any protection after the retreat of the Hungarian army, many Hungarians were expelled or fled.
By the 1930 Czechoslovakian census, the Hungarian population of Bratislava had decreased to 15.8% .
At the end of World War II, most of Bratislava's ethnic Germans were helped to evacuate by the German authorities.
After the Communist Party seized power in Czechoslovakia in February 1948, the city became part of the Eastern Bloc.
The city annexed new land, and the population rose significantly, becoming 90% Slovak.
In 1993, the city became the capital of the newly formed Slovak Republic following the Velvet Divorce.
In the 1990s and the early 21st century, its economy boomed due to foreign investment.
Its location on the borders with Austria and Hungary makes it the only national capital that borders two countries.
It is only from the border with the Czech Republic and only from the Austrian capital Vienna.
The city has a total area of , making it the second-largest city in Slovakia by area .
It is often windy with a marked variation between hot summers and cold, humid winters.
Some areas, particularly Devín and Devínska Nová Ves, are vulnerable to floods from the Danube and Morava rivers.
The University Library building, erected in 1756, was used by the Diet of the Kingdom of Hungary from 1802 to 1848.
One of the most prominent structures in the city is Bratislava Castle, situated on a plateau above the Danube.
A stone castle was not constructed until the 10th century, when the area was part of the Kingdom of Hungary.
It is one of the most important Slovak archaeological sites and contains a museum dedicated to its history.
The house was originally built in the 17th century and was turned into an English neo-Gothic-style mansion in 1841–1844.
Slovnaft Arena, a part of Ondrej Nepela Winter Sports Stadium, is home to HC Slovan.
The Čunovo Water Sports Centre is a whitewater slalom and rafting area, close to the Gabčíkovo dam.
The National Tennis Centre, which includes Sibamac Arena, hosts various cultural, sporting and social events.
Several Davis Cup matches have been played there, including the 2005 Davis Cup final.
A race track is located in Petržalka, where horse racing and dog racing events and dog shows are held regularly.
There are 65 public primary schools, nine private primary schools and ten religious primary schools.
However, the city is one of the few European capitals to have neither an observatory nor a planetarium.
The nearest observatory is in Modra, away, and the nearest planetarium is in Hlohovec, away.
CEPIT, the Central European Park For Innovative Technologies, is slated for development in Vajnory.
Bratislava is also served by the Vienna International Airport located west of the city centre.

In 1995, Bree graduated from Monte Vista High School in Danville, California, where she was voted 1994 Homecoming Queen.
She subsequently enrolled at King's College London and at University of California, Los Angeles.
Bree, who is a competitive roller-skater and professional dancer, is a fan of video games.
I don't mean to age myself, but I came home every day, went straight to my Nintendo and rocked it.
I was a dancer, so in my down time I always wanted to play video games and hang out with the boys.
Then when I went to college, I had a PlayStation but I haven't picked up my joystick in a while.
Turner and Saliman have one daughter, Stella Jean, who was born on June 29, 2010.
In April, it was announced that Turner would join the Main Cast beginning with Season 2, 
 Bree Walker Bree Walker is an American radio talk show host, actress, and disability-rights activist.
It was over four years in the making and was produced by Jon Monday and Jennifer Douglas, distributed by mondayMEDIA.
She is also in the film as an expert, speaking at a media reform conference.
Walker has preserved the property as a peace memorial and garden and keeps it open to antiwar protesters.
In 1999, she returned to television with role of lead character's mother in the short-lived Fox drama series, '.
The couple had a child, Christopher, in 1974, and then divorced in 1980.
After the divorce and up until her death, Benet was in a relationship with pundit Tammy Bruce .
However, Benet's most personal challenge occurred when her son Christopher died in 1981.
On April 7, 1982, Benet took her own life by a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
On the day of Benet's suicide, Bruce thought that she would be meeting Benet for lunch.
According to Bruce, Benet was locked inside the bathroom of her home when she arrived.
Joyce died on July 4, 2009 in a nursing home in Santa Monica, California. 
 Brenda Marshall Brenda Marshall , the stage name of Ardis Ankerson, was an American film actress.
Her mother died when she was young, and the girls were sent to San Antonio, Texas to complete high school.
She was named the Freshman Class Beauty in 1934, chosen by modern dancer Ted Shawn.
First married to actor Richard Huston Gaines in 1936, they had one daughter, Virginia; the couple divorced in 1940.
Marshall and Holden had two additional children: Scott Porter Holden and Peter Westfield Holden .
Marshall died in 1992 from throat cancer in Palm Springs, California, aged 76. 

 Brenda Song Brenda Song is an American actress, singer, film producer, and model.
Brenda Song was born in Carmichael, California, a suburb of Sacramento, to a Hmong father and a Thai mother.
As a young girl, Song wanted to do ballet, while her younger brother wanted to take taekwondo.
Although Song cried all the way through her first class, she now holds a black belt in taekwondo.
She began acting at the age of five or six in a Little Caesars commercial, and then a Barbie commercial.
The film stars rapper Bow Wow as an orphan who can suddenly play NBA-level basketball.
She got the role without an audition and was surprised to find her friend, Ashley Tisdale, working in the show.
We started training with her in martial arts, and that's when we realized that she should be Kenny Lu.
Song had to break a brick with her hand in a screen test before landing the title role.
In a second story line, Wendy and most of her family struggle with keeping their culture and heritage.
Song felt she could relate to the message since she knew little about her own people before making the film.
Song was inspired to endure the stunt training by the way her mother dealt with breast cancer in 2005.
The show became the most-watched scripted series among children aged 6 to 11 and among tweens in 2008.
Song's character, London Tipton, is Disney Channel's longest continuous female character.
In late 2008, Song made a special appearance at the grand opening of the RTA HealthLine in Cleveland.
The show premiered September 17, 2013 but in May 2014, Fox canceled the series after only one season.
The songs are credited to Mark Jackson Productions, which is associated with Warner Bros. Records.
In 2006 and 2007, she participated in the YMCA Healthy Kids Day in Chicago.
She decorated an egg at the event that was sold in an online auction benefiting Feeding America.
It's so easy to be swept away from that whole scene because it's expected of you.
In 2009, the blog Angry Asian Man named her one of the most influential Asian Americans under the age of 30.
Song was a spokesperson for Disney's environmental campaign, Disney's Friends for Change.
In 2010, she was the celebrity endorser of the Walt Disney Company's Disney Cruise Line.
She also expressed appreciation for Joe's younger brother Nick Jonas who had a crush on her.
On June 11, 2012, Cyrus announced that the couple had ended their relationship.
She spent the following decade playing recurring and guest starring roles in many dramatic and comedic shows.
Strong married Tom Henri in July 1989; they have a child, Zakery Henri.
 Brenda Vaccaro Brenda Buell Vaccaro is an American stage, television, and film actress.
Butler was born Brett Anderson in Montgomery, Alabama, the eldest of five sisters.
Parton subsequently hired Butler as a writer for the remainder of the show's season, before it was canceled.
During the show, she battled a recurring drug addiction and spent time in rehab.
After Grace was cancelled in 1998, Butler moved out of L.A. and onto a farm in Georgia where she lived with 15 pets.
A 2011 Hollywood Reporter article said that when the money ran out, she turned to a homeless shelter for cover.
Born Audrey Johnston in Saint John, New Brunswick, Somers grew up near Portland, Maine.
She ran away from home at age 18 to New York City to pursue a career in acting; she settled in Greenwich Village.
After moving to New York, she married and had a daughter, Leslie, before divorcing her first husband.
In 1953, she married actor Jack Klugman; they had two sons: Adam and David.
She was clearly left-handed as she was always seen writing her answers with her left hand.
Somers had a naturally husky voice that might have caused the misperception that she suffered from a throat ailment.
Her younger son, Adam, gave the cause of her death as stomach and colon cancer.
She started dancing at the age of 9 and is still dancing as part of her career today.
She is the youngest of three siblings, with brother Jason and sister Vanessa Lee.
She currently lives in Los Angeles, California, where she usually has Fanchats with fans through UStream.
A professional dancer, Evigan has appeared in music videos for Linkin Park, Flo Rida, T-Pain and Enrique Iglesias.
Filming took place in late 2007 in Baltimore and was released February 14, 2008.
Both Evigan and co-star Robert Hoffman earned the Best Kiss Award at the 2008 MTV Movie Awards.
In February 2009, Evigan announced in an interview she has signed on for another remake.
The film has suffered numerous push backs, and was finally released on May 8, 2012 on DVD and Blu-ray.
Despite this, the film was announced to be released Straight-to-DVD on August 17, 2010.
as Jude, a heterosexual woman living in a world where homosexuality is right, and heterosexuality is the wrong.
Currently, she co-anchors The Desk, a satirical news show produced by Uproxx for their YouTube channel.
In 2007, she graduated with a BA from UCLA's School of Film, Theater and Television with an emphasis in musical theater.
Brown was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota and grew up in the Twin Cities suburb of Apple Valley.
Brown briefly attended St. Olaf College before moving to Los Angeles when she was 19.
The series was originally in development to air on ABC, but not picked up.
She is the daughter of Peter Fonda, niece of Jane Fonda and granddaughter of Henry Fonda.
In 1986, Bridget met Eric Stoltz and, in 1990, they began dating.
On February 27, 2003, she suffered a serious car crash in Los Angeles which caused a fracture in her vertebra.
She took on cameo roles in projects until 2002, and has not appeared in films since then. 
The family moved to Edmonds, Washington, north of Seattle when Bridget was 4.
Hanley played Wanda Reilly Taylor, a member of the snooty family that tried to rule Harper Valley.
She graduated from Longmeadow High School, in Massachusetts, in 1989 and began pursuing a career in modeling.
During that time, she began doing soap and shampoo commercials, in addition to taking acting and art classes.
She would later have a recurring role in the show, until the divorce of her character from Mr. Big .
The film garnered generally unfavorable critical reviews but was a box office success, earning $133 million worldwide.
Moynahan plays Dr. Catherine Muller, a strong, independent woman, and love interest for Affleck's Jack Ryan.
With revenue of $347 million worldwide, the film remains Moynahan's most commercially successful picture to date.
It debuted on September 20, 2006, and was watched by almost 13.3 million viewers.
The movie was screened at a special presentation at the 2007 Rome Film Festival and was released in theaters in 2008.
 Bridget Powers Bridget Powers is the pseudonym of an American hardcore pornographic actress with dwarfism.
Powers was discovered at a Goth nightclub by a man who was working as a make-up artist for a gothic vampire adult movie.
By her own count, she appeared in 65 to 70 original films, with compilations bringing that up to over 110.
She left the business as she wished to do condom-only scenes yet many of the male performers would remove the condoms.
Disillusioned with the exploitation of the porn film industry, she then set up her own video on demand website.
Regan netted over 62 percent of the total vote, well ahead of well-known and lesser-known actresses.
Born in San Diego County, California, Regan grew up in an Irish American and Catholic family.
Born Ruth Porter Clark in Chicago, Illinois, she was the granddaughter of Iowa Congressman Lincoln Clark.
She was born on Christmas Day in Baltimore, Maryland, to parents Mary and Joe.
On May 18, 1997, Andersen died of an accidental overdose of alcohol and heroin.
 Bridgette Wilson Bridgette Leann Wilson-Sampras is an American actress, singer, model, and Miss Teen USA award winner.
Wilson is married to professional tennis player Pete Sampras, with whom she has two sons.
Wilson was born and raised in the small coastal town of Gold Beach, Oregon, the daughter of Kathy and Dale Wilson.
 Brie Larson Brianne Sidonie Desaulniers , known professionally as Brie Larson, is an American actress and singer.
Her parents separated during her childhood, and she moved to Los Angeles, with her mother and younger sister, Milaine.
The show premiered on January 18, 2009 and was canceled on May 23, 2011.
The film played at the Toronto International Film Festival, and began its theatrical release on October 16, 2015.
Most recently, Larson revealed plans to release an EP, but that also never reached the public.
She did not give up on her career as a musician, but it is not known when she will release new songs.
Both songs were produced and written with the help of Michael Binikos and Craig Bartock.
A music video for the song appears as a bonus feature on the movie's DVD.
On March 1, 2006, Larson performed an acoustic set of new songs at L.A.'s famous Viper Room.
The song was made available to listen and download as a demo version in Larson's Official Myspace in the summer 2006.
Her career, and her life, were cut short by her death from cancer at the age of 44.
Bazlen was “discovered” in 1950 at the age of 6 waiting for a school bus in front of her house by an NBC executive.
Dressed in a blue gown and diamond tiara, she also clasped a silver wand.
As a result of her performances in The Blue Fairy, offers poured in for Bazlen.
Accordingly, Bazlen's performance as Salome is widely regarded as her best ever performance.
Some people are surprised that I used no veils in my dance, but it is a false assumption that Salome did a strip tease.
The fight that follows results in the complete destruction of the Hawkins clan when Rawlings sets off some dynamite.
It's too much to expect people of the older generation completely to understand people of my age.
If it is an actor I marry, it won't be a young one.
It wasn't that she was embarrassed by it, but I think once she left that world she was shy about it.
Bazlen was a heavy smoker and her health began to decline as she entered her mid-forties.
She has been credited as Brigid Brannagh, Brigid Brannah, Brigid Brannaugh, Brigid Walsh, and Brigid Conley Walsh.
The show began filming in March 2012 in Boston after being ordered in late January.
Marling was born in Chicago, Illinois to property developer parents John and Heidi Marling.
She grew up in Winnetka, Illinois and in Orlando, where she enrolled in the arts program at Dr. Phillips High School.
Marling was interested in acting, but her parents encouraged her to focus on academics.
Marling went to auditions and was offered roles in horror films, but rejected them.
and also had an important part in Mobsters and Mormons and a minor role in Believe .
Its supporting tour The Circus Starring Britney Spears was one of the highest-grossing global concert tours in 2009.
Later that year, Spears began the four-year residency show at The AXIS at Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino in Las Vegas.
Spears was established as a pop icon and credited with influencing the revival of teen pop during the late 1990s.
Spears was born in McComb, Mississippi, the second child of Lynne Irene Bridges and James Parnell Spears.
In June 1997, Spears was in talks with manager Lou Pearlman to join the female pop group Innosense.
Rudolph decided he wanted to pitch her to record labels, therefore she needed a professional demo.
Spears traveled to New York with the demo and met with executives from four labels, returning to Kentwood the same day.
After Spears returned to the United States, she embarked on a shopping mall promotional tour to promote her debut album.
Her show was a four song set and she was accompanied by two back up dancers.
Worldwide, the album topped the charts in fifteen countries and sold over 10 million copies in a year.
It has sold more than 10 million as of today, making it one of the best-selling singles of all time.
It would later become the 25th most successful song of all time in British chart history.
As of today, it has sold 30 million copies worldwide, making it one of the best-selling albums of all time.
The album sold over 25 million copies worldwide to date, making one of the best-selling albums of all time.
On September 7, 2000, Spears performed at the 2000 MTV Video Music Awards.
It is noted by critics as the moment that Spears showed signs of becoming a more provocative performer.
The tour grossed $43.7 million, becoming the second highest grossing tour of 2002 by a female artist, behind Cher's .
The music video featured a Spears look-alike and fueled the rumors that she had been unfaithful to him.
The same year, Limp Bizkit frontman Fred Durst said that he was in a relationship with Spears.
It also debuted at the top of the charts in France and the top ten in Belgium, Denmark, Sweden and the Netherlands.
During 2004, Spears became involved in the Kabbalah Centre through her friendship with Madonna.
In July 2004, Spears became engaged to American dancer Kevin Federline, whom she had met three months before.
In February 2006, pictures surfaced of Spears driving with her son Sean, on her lap instead of in a car seat.
Child advocates were horrified by the photos of her holding the wheel with one hand and Sean with the other.
Spears's aunt Sandra Bridges Covington, with whom she had been very close, died of ovarian cancer in January 2007.
In February, Spears stayed in a drug rehabilitation facility in Antigua for less than a day.
The following night, she shaved her head with electric clippers at a hair salon in Tarzana, Los Angeles.
In May 2007, she produced a series of promotional concerts at House of Blues venues, titled The M+M's Tour.
The album received positive reviews from critics and has sold over 3 million copies worldwide.
In January 2008, Spears refused to relinquish custody of her sons to Federline's representatives.
She received positive reviews for her performance, as well as bringing the series its highest ratings ever.
In July 2008, Spears regained some visitation rights after coming to an agreement with Federline and his counsel.
The documentary was broadcast on MTV to 5.6 million viewers for the two airings on the premiere night.
It was the highest rating in its Sunday night timeslot and in the network's history.
She also became the only act in the Soundscan era to have four albums debut with 500,000 or more copies sold.
The album was one of the fastest-selling albums of the year, and has sold 4 million copies worldwide.
The single also topped the charts in Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Norway and Sweden.
With a gross of U.S. $131.8 million, it became the fifth highest grossing tour of the year.
Spears designed a limited edition clothing line for Candie's, which was released in stores in July 2010.
The song debuted and peaked at number 29 on the Billboard Hot 100 and charted moderately in international territories.
At the 2015 Teen Choice Awards, Spears received the Candie's Style Icon Award, her ninth Teen Choice Award.
Following her debut, Spears was credited with leading the revival of teen pop in the late 1990s.
With N' Sync and the Backstreet Boys, we had to push for that mid-nasal voice.
And it's awesome to see someone else coming up who's dancing and singing, and seeing how all these kids relate to her.
MTV listed the performance as the number-one opening moments in the history of MTV Video Music Awards.
While other little girls were putting posters on their walls, Britney was wanting to be the poster on the wall.
She's an American institution, as deeply sacred and messed up as pro wrestling or the filibuster.
's most popular search term between 2005 and 2008, and has been in a total of seven different years.
She was later named as the most searched person of the decade 2000 – 2009.
I mean, I was seeing what was happening in the media to Britney Spears.
Spears has had a direct influence on singer Porcelain Black's work after growing up around her music as a child.
South Korean singer, BoA has also spoken of love and Spears's influence on her.
Spears herself was present during the ceremony and donated $10,000 to the school's music program.
She mentioned that she is obsessed with Britney and that when she attended Britney's concert, she cried.
In fact, Adele once cancelled her show by calling in sick just to go to a Britney concert that was on the same day.
In 2010, Spears designed a limited edition line for the brand, which was released in stores in July 2010.
The singer was also featured on a commercial, which was directed by Ray Kay, to promote the game.
Spears's range of commercial deals and products also includes beauty care products and perfumes.
Worldwide, Spears sold over one million bottles in the first five years, with gross receipts of $1.5 billion.
The singer founded The Britney Spears Foundation, a charitable entity set up to help children in need.
The philosophy behind the Foundation was that music and entertainment has a healing quality that can benefit children.
However, it was reported in 2008 that the Foundation had a deficit of $200,000.
In the wake of Hurricane Katrina in 2006, Spears donated $350,000 to Music Rising.
 Britta Phillips Britta Phillips is an American musician, songwriter, actress and voice actor.
Phillips was born in Boyne City, Michigan, to a musical family, but grew up in Bucks County, Pennsylvania.
Her father, Peter Phillips, was a musician, songwriter, jingle composer, and former music teacher of Paul Simon.
At the age of 19, Phillips moved to Brooklyn, New York to pursue a career in music.
Phillips was a member of the bands The Belltower and Ultrababyfat in the 1990s and Luna from 2001 to 2005.
Wareham, a former member of the band Galaxie 500, toured with Phillips in 2010 performing the band's back catalog.

By age 11, both girls were signed to the Ford Agency and began modeling.
Murphy, a native of Atlanta, moved to Los Angeles as a teenager, and pursued a career in acting.
Murphy's mother is of Irish and Eastern European descent and her father is of Italian ancestry.
Murphy attended Verne Fowler School of Dance and Theatre Arts in Colonia, New Jersey, in 1982.
From the age of four, she trained in singing, dancing, and acting until her move to California at thirteen.
Her task was to read the names of the five nominees, open an envelope, and reveal the name of the winner.
She was in a band called Blessed Soul with fellow actor Eric Balfour in the early 1990s.
I said, 'I can sing,' and I asked him to give me a shot.
In May 2007, Murphy married British screenwriter Simon Monjack in a private Jewish ceremony in Los Angeles.
For the last three and a half years of her life, Murphy, her mother and Monjack lived together in the same house.
In the early 2000s, Murphy lost a large amount of weight, which led to rumors of a cocaine addiction.
She was transported to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, where she died at 10:04 after going into cardiac arrest.
On December 24, 2009, Murphy was buried at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Hollywood Hills.
On May 23, 2010, her widower Simon Monjack was found dead at the same Hollywood Hills residence.
The suit was dismissed on July 19, 2012, after Bertolotti failed to show up to two separate hearings.
The foundation was launched on February 4, 2010, at a fundraising event at the Saban Theatre in Beverly Hills.

In 2009 she served as an official judge for the 3rd annual Noor Iranian Film Festival in Los Angeles.
She attended the High School for the Performing Arts and the School of American Ballet.
She is perhaps best known for her role as Elaine Parker in the 1987 hit horror film ' and its sequel, ' .
She earned a degree in theater at the University of Missouri in 1988 and then headed for Chicago.
Elliott was born in Fridley, Minnesota, to Robert, a city manager, and Kathleen Elliott, on November 16, 1974.
The family settled in Riverview, Michigan, when Elliott was a junior in high school.
For ten weeks in 1999, she was a member of Chicago based stage combat theatre company Babes With Blades.
The show closed after only a hundred performances, but O'Donnell subsequently praised Elliott's passion for the show.
She is also a descendant of Mayflower passenger William White, and pilgrim Robert Coe.
When Hayward was 7 years old, the family moved to a farm in Brookfield, Connecticut.
Hayward's brother Bill would also commit suicide by gunshot on March 9, 2008.
Hayward was married to Michael M. Thomas from July 1956 until their July 1960 divorce; they had two sons.
They had a daughter, Marin Brooke Hopper, in June 1962 and divorced in 1969.
She divides her time between her loft in Manhattan and her country house in Litchfield County, Connecticut. 
Brooke took an early interest in music, and began working on her first studio album in 2002.
In an attempt to promote her music career, Hogan and her father appeared in a one-hour special on VH1.
The show saw a then teenage Brooke struggling with her overprotective father and recording her debut album.
In 2012, Hogan signed on to appear on Total Nonstop Action Wrestling , alongside her father.
Brooke Ellen Bollea was born May 5, 1988, in Tampa, Florida, the older child of Hulk Hogan and Linda Claridge.
In high school, she took dance classes, voice lessons, piano lessons, and gymnastics.
Her father later stated that the show was mainly an attempt to help promote Brooke and her upcoming music career.
The series premiered in July 2005, and was the highest rated series in the network's history.
The show chronicled the Hogan family's life together, although it mainly focused on Brooke and her father.
However, Brooke said in a later interview that her father loosened up after her eighteenth birthday.
The show consisted of her friends, Glenn and Ashley — who are often encouraging Brooke to get out, have fun, and party.
Brooke, Glenn, and Ashley live in a penthouse in South Beach, which is paid for by VH1.
Hogan's father has appeared in numerous episodes of the series, while her mother and brother have made a few.
The song also includes a fake voicemail that Hogan implies was sent to her from Montag.
It was released on October 8, 2009 in Kazakhstan and Russia, and in the Czech Republic on January 7, 2010.
Hogan's mother, father, and brother also appear in various roles in the film.
She confirmed on April 11, 2012 via her official Twitter account, that she was writing songs with Benji Davis.
Randy Orton came out and flirted with Brooke then challenged Hulk to a match at SummerSlam.
Later in the parking lot after more flirting, Brooke got in their car and was unaware Orton would RKO Hulk.
Hogan continued to seek a divorce from her husband and got it ending the storyline.
On August 16, 2013 it was reported that Hogan had been released from TNA.
Langton was born in Arizona to geologist Jackson Langton, and his wife, a surgical nurse.
Langton portrayed the character Angela Bennett, who was played by Sandra Bullock in the film.
Lyons was born in Washington, D.C. She is the daughter of surgeon James R. Lyons and dancer Penny A. .
She grew up in Fairfield and New Haven, Connecticut, and moved around to several other towns in the state.
As a child she suffered from scoliosis, which debilitated her from a pursuing a career as a ballet dancer.
She is the daughter of Jimmy Bridges and the niece of actor Todd Bridges and Verda Bridges.
She is trying to pursue her dream as a singer/songwriter as well as a fashion model.
When Brooke was 14, her mother married Florida-based millionaire Kenneth Wolofsky and moved to Florida.
Mueller's mother Moira Mueller Wolofsky Fiore is currently married to New York lounge singer Jon Fiore.
She had also bought and flipped homes in the Los Angeles area neighborhoods Nichols Canyon and Los Feliz .
On May 30, 2008, Mueller married actor Charlie Sheen, having been engaged since 2007.
Mueller gave birth to their twin sons, Bob and Max, on March 14, 2009.
In March 2011, police removed the children from Sheen's home after Mueller obtained a restraining order against Sheen.
and is also good friends with Rebecca Gayheart , in addition to Kathy and Paris Hilton.
In 1996, Mueller was arrested on DUI charges in Palm Beach County, Florida.
In March 2001, Mueller was arrested in Miami-Dade County, Florida for cocaine possession.
Full custody of her children was returned to her by the court in December 2014. 
 Brooke Shields Brooke Christa Shields is an American actress, model and former child star.
Brooke Christa Shields was born in New York City, the daughter of Teri and Francis Alexander Shields , a businessman.
Teri took the money, but did not honor the agreement and gave birth to their daughter Brooke.
Shields was a member of the Princeton Triangle Club and the Cap and Gown Club.
Shields has also been linked to John F. Kennedy Jr, actor Liam Neeson and singer George Michael.
Shields was 24 years old when she spent the evening with Dodi Fayed in Paris to celebrate his 33rd birthday.
Although she was not the only woman doing so, Shields had what was required to promote women's athletics.
She came under the scrutiny of animal rights organizations such as PETA for this visit, which prompted media attention.
On April 4, 2001, she married television writer Chris Henchy after they met in 1999 through mutual friends.
On August 31, 2006, according to USAToday.com, Cruise privately apologized to Shields for the incident.
Three months later, she and her husband attended the wedding of Cruise and Katie Holmes, in November 2006.
Brooke Shields spoke at the memorial service for Michael Jackson on July 7, 2009.
Jackson stated in his 1993 interview with Oprah Winfrey that he was dating Shields at the time.
Shields has stated that Jackson asked her to marry him numerous times and to adopt a child together.
Her mother, publicist Lois Smith , had worked with Robert Redford and other actors and directors.
Her high schooling was done at Tappan Zee High School in Orangetown/ Blauvelt, NY.
They have a daughter together, Fanny Grace Lubensky, born March 12, 2003 in New York City.
In May 2008, she and her husband adopted a baby girl from Ethiopia, named Lucy Dinknesh Lubensky.
They currently live in Upper West Side of New York City and Beachwood Canyon, Los Angeles, California. 
 Brooke Theiss Brooke Theiss-Genesse is an American actress who has starred in film and on television.
She also portrayed the character of Maxie from Maxie's World in several commercials for the popular doll.
 Bryce Dallas Howard Bryce Dallas Howard is an American film actress, writer and director.
The film was developed under the premise of gathering inspiration through images selected from a photography contest.
96,362 entries were accepted, while only eight final images were selected to be utilized for the production of the film.
Due to a rare medical condition she developed after her pregnancy, she began eating meat.
Her hobby is writing and she is good friends with Kirsten Dunst, Natalie Portman and Jake Gyllenhaal.
She credits seeing the negative effects of alcoholism in her family as the reason behind the decision.
Howard met actor Seth Gabel at New York University and the two dated for five years before marrying on June 17, 2006.
She had only one previous boyfriend and claims to have pursued Gabel vigorously after first meeting him.
Howard gave birth to their child, a son named Theodore, nicknamed Theo, in February 2007.
With the help of a physician and a therapist she recovered from the depression, which lasted for about 18 months.
Howard said of the depression in 2010, Do I wish I had never endured post-partum depression?
Howard gave birth to the couple's second child, daughter Beatrice, in January 2012. 
It became the capital of Romania in 1862 and is the centre of Romanian media, culture and art.
The urban area extends beyond the limits of Bucharest proper and has a population of about 1.9 million people.
Under subsequent rulers, Bucharest was established as the summer residence of the royal court.
On 23 March 1847, a fire consumed about 2,000 buildings, destroying a third of the city.
In 1881, it became the political centre of the newly proclaimed Kingdom of Romania under King Carol I.
Also, some of the city's main landmarks were built in this period, including Arcul de Triumf and Palatul Telefoanelor.
However, the Great Depression took its toll on Bucharest's citizens, culminating in the Grivița Strike of 1933.
In January 1941, the city was the scene of the Legionnaires' rebellion and Bucharest pogrom.
Since 2000, the city has been continuously modernized and is still undergoing urban renewal.
Bucharest is situated on the banks of the Dâmbovița River, which flows into the Argeș River, a tributary of the Danube.
Bucharest's seven hills are: Mihai Vodă, Dealul Mitropoliei, Radu Vodă, Cotroceni, Spirei, Văcărești and Sf.
The altitude varies from at the Dâmbovița bridge in Cățelu, south-eastern Bucharest and at the Militari church.
The city hosts some of the best electronic music clubs in Europe such as Kristal Glam Club and Studio Martin.
In the 2000s, due to the growing prominence of the Chinese community in Bucharest, Chinese cultural events took place.
Traditional Romanian culture continues to have a major influence in arts such as theatre, film and music.
The Museum of the Romanian Peasant was declared the European Museum of the Year in 1996.
Some medieval and renaissance edifices remain, the most notable are in the Lipscani area.
From the 1970s onwards, the area went through urban decline, and many historical buildings fell into disrepair.
Much of the architecture of the time belongs to a Modern Architecture current, led by Horia Creangă and Marcel Iancu.
Another example is the conversion of a large utilitarian construction in Centrul Civic into a Marriott Hotel.
Buildings from this time are mostly made of glass and steel, and often have more than ten storeys.
As of 2005, there are office buildings under construction, particularly in the northern and eastern parts of the city.
Also, in recent years the city has seen increasing numbers of foreign students enrolling in its universities.
Casa Presei Libere is not the only Bucharest landmark that grew out of the media and communications industry.
Bucharest was the host city of the fourth edition of the Junior Eurovision Song Contest in 2006.
The hospital had in its inventory a house for infectious diseases and a house for persons with disabilities.
Arena Națională, a new stadium inaugurated on 6 September 2011, hosted the 2012 Europa League Final.
and has a 55,600 seats capacity, making it one of the largest stadiums in Southeastern Europe.
There are sport clubs for ice hockey, rugby union, basketball, handball, water polo and volleyball.
The majority of Romanian track and field athletes and most gymnasts are affiliated with clubs in Bucharest.
The largest indoor arena in Bucharest is the Romexpo Dome with a seating capacity of 10,000.
The 2009 and 2010 edition have not been held in Bucharest due to a lawsuit.
The ice hockey games are held at the Mihai Flamaropol Arena, which holds 8,000 spectators.
 Budapest Budapest is the capital and the largest city of Hungary, and one of the largest cities in the European Union.
The re-established town became one of the centres of Renaissance humanist culture by the 15th century.
At the 2011 census, there were 1,729,040 people with 906,782 households living in Budapest.
In Hungary people can declare more than one ethnicity, so the sum of ethnicities is higher than the total population.
Budapest is the home to one of the most populous Christian community in Central Europe, numbered 698,521 people in 2011.
Budapest is also among the Top 100 GDP performing cities in the world, measured by PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Most of these entities are headquartered in the Budapest's Central Business District, in the District 5 and 13.
In restaurant offerings can be found the highest quality Michelin-starred restaurants, like Onyx, Costes or Borkonyha.
The city ranked as the most liveable city in Central and Eastern Europe on EIU's quality of life index in 2010.
As the capital of Hungary, Budapest is the seat of the country's national government.
For the executive, the two chief officers each have their own official residences, which also serve as their offices.
Government ministries are all located in various parts of the city, most of them are in the District V, Leopoldtown.
The Constitutional Court of Hungary is one of the highest level actors independent of the politics in the country.
The constitutional court passes on the constitutionality of laws, and there is no right of appeal on these decisions.
The city is also home to more than 100 embassies and representative bodies as an international political actor.
The homicide rate in Budapest is below the EU capital cities’ average according to WHO also.
The composition of the 33 seats in the Budapest General Assembly after the 2014 elections is in the table.
Submitting the budget of Budapest is the responsibility of the Mayor and the deputy-mayor in charge of finance.
Saint Stephen's Basilica, where the Holy Right Hand of the founder of Hungary, King Saint Stephen is on display.
Another historical museum is the House of Terror, hosted in the building that was the venue of the Nazi Headquarters.
The nearby Sándor Palace contains the offices and official residence of the President of Hungary.
This Avenue is an elegant long tree-lined street that covers the distance from Deák Ferenc tér to the Heroes Square.
As far as Kodály körönd and Oktogon both sides are lined with large shops and flats built close together.
Heroes' Square is dominated by the Millenary Monument, with the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in front.
The Dohány Street Synagogue is the largest synagogue in Europe, and the second largest active synagogue in the world.
It was built in moorish revival style in 1859 and has a capacity of 3000 people.
Most remarkable for their beauty are the Margaret bridge, the Chain bridge and the Liberty bridge.
Budapest has a complex park system, with various lands operated by the Budapest City Gardening Ltd.
The Buda Hills also offer a variety of adventurous outdoor activities, along with some spectacular views.
With a modest ski run, it is also a winter favorite for skiers and snow boarders if there is enough snowfall.
There are still ruins visible today of the enormous baths that were built during that period.
The central feature is an octagonal pool over which light shines from a diameter cupola, supported by eight pillars.
In 1927, the Baths were extended to include the wave pool, and the effervescent bath was added in 1934.
The well-preserved Art Nouveau interior includes colourful mosaics, marble columns, stained glass windows and statues.
Indoors there are over ten separate pools, and a whole host of medical treatments is also available.
As Hungary's busiest airport, handles nearly all of the country's air passenger traffic.
Budapest Liszt Ferenc handled around 250 scheduled flights daily in 2013, and an ever rising number of charters.
SkyCourt, the newest, state-of-the-art building between the 2A and 2B terminals with 5 levels.
In 2014, the 65% of the passenger traffic in Budapest was by public transport and 35% by car.
The aim is 80%-20% by 2030 in accordance with the strategy of BKK.
Ring road M0 around Budapest is nearly completed, with only one section missing on the west side due to local disputes.
Currently the beltway is in length, and once finished it will be of highway in length.
The city is a vital traffic hub because all major European roads and European railway lines lead to Budapest.
Budapest is one of the main stops of the Orient Express on its Central and Eastern European route.
There is also a suburban rail service in and around Budapest, operated under the name HÉV.
The river Danube flows through Budapest on its way from Germany to the Black Sea.
The Pest side is also a famous port place with international shipping ports for cargo and for passenger ships.
In the summer months, a scheduled hydrofoil service operates on the Danube connecting the city to Vienna.
In addition, several companies provides sightseeing boat trips and also an amphibious vehicle operates constantly.
Special vehicles in Budapest, besides metros, include suburban rails, trams and boats.
Budapest is an important center for music, film, theatre, dance and visual art.
In Budapest there are currently 837 different monuments, which represent the most of the European artistic style.
The Metropolitan Szabó Ervin Library plays an important role in the general education of the capital's population.
The Budapest Autumn Festival brings free music, dance, art, and other cultural events to the streets of the city.
Budapest Pride occurs annually across the city, and usually involves a parade on the Andrássy Avenue.
The name of the festival alludes to the Low Countries, the region encompassing the Netherlands and Flanders.
Budapest Jewish Summer Festival, in late August, is also one of the largest in Europe.
There are many symphony orchestras in Budapest with the Budapest Philharmonic Orchestra being preeminent orchestras.
Budapest is one of the few cities in the world where a high school for folk dance learning exists.
Budapest Fashion Week additionally a place for designers from other countries may present their collections in Budapest.
In 2011, it employed more than 50,000 people and generated 63.9% of revenues of the media industry in the country.
In the City Park in winter you can enjoy ice skating on one of the largest artificial ice surfaces in the world.
The 2011 IIHF World Championship and Athletics - 2012 European Cross Country Championships was held there.
The city is the proud home for many Olympic, World, and Europen Championship winners and medalists.
The Bandy World Championship for women 2007 and the Bandy World Championship 2004 were held here.
Hungarian institutions of higher education have started the transformation toward the regulations of the Bologna system.
This also means that all awarded degrees are equivalent and transferrable throughout the EU and many other countries.
Budapest is Hungary's main centre of education and home to numerous notable universities: International relations.
When she was young, her parents divorced and her father married mezzo-soprano opera singer Gladys Swarthout.
Her family moved first to New York City and then to Santa Monica, California, where Cobb graduated from high school.
At 19, she married Greg Bautzer, the first of her four husbands, divorcing him after six months.
Based in New York City, it ran from August 20, 1951, to February 27, 1953.
Cobb died in a nursing home in Lebanon, New Hampshire, at age 82. 
 Bulgaria Bulgaria , officially the Republic of Bulgaria , is a country in southeastern Europe.
Its ancient history saw the presence of the Thracians and later the Persians, Greeks and Romans.
In 1946 it became a single-party socialist state as part of the Soviet-led Eastern Bloc.
Most commercial and cultural activities are centred on the capital and largest city, Sofia.
The country's current political structure dates to the adoption of a democratic constitution in 1991.
Human activity in the lands of modern Bulgaria can be traced back to the Paleolithic.
This site also offers insights for understanding the social hierarchy of the earliest European societies.
After the division of the Roman Empire in 5th century the area fell under Byzantine control.
The first Christian monastery in Europe was established around the same time by Saint Athanasius in central Bulgaria.
A peace treaty with Byzantium in 681 marked the beginning of the First Bulgarian Empire.
Wars with Magyars and Pechenegs and the spread of the Bogomil heresy weakened Bulgaria after Simeon's death.
Consecutive Rus' and Byzantine invasions resulted in the seizure of the capital Preslav by the Byzantine army in 971.
Samuil died shortly after the battle, and by 1018 the Byzantines had ended the First Bulgarian Empire.
Ivan Asen and Peter laid the foundations of the Second Bulgarian Empire with Tarnovo as a capital.
Kaloyan, the third of the Asen monarchs, extended his dominion to Belgrade and Ohrid.
He acknowledged the spiritual supremacy of the Pope and received a royal crown from a papal legate.
The empire reached its zenith under Ivan Asen II , when commerce and culture flourished.
Most of the local population gradually lost its distinct national consciousness, identifying as Christians.
They convened the Constantinople Conference in 1876, but their decisions were rejected by the Ottomans.
In 1877 Russia declared war on the Ottoman Empire and defeated its forces with the help of Bulgarian volunteers.
Between 1912 and 1918, Bulgaria became involved in three consecutive conflicts—two Balkan Wars and World War I.
The war resulted in significant territorial losses, and a total of 87,500 soldiers killed.
His daughter Lyudmila bolstered national pride by promoting Bulgarian heritage, culture and arts worldwide.
It became a member of NATO in 2004 and participated in the War in Afghanistan.
The land borders have a total length of , and the coastline has a length of .
The Thracian Plain is roughly triangular, beginning southeast of Sofia and broadening as it reaches the Black Sea coast.
Bulgaria is home to the highest point of the Balkan peninsula, Musala, at and its lowest point is sea level.
Plains occupy about one-third of the territory, while plateaus and hills occupy 41 per cent.
The country has a dense network of about 540 rivers, most of which are relatively small and with low water levels.
The longest river located solely in Bulgarian territory, the Iskar, has a length of .
Precipitation averages about per year, and varies from in Dobrudja to more than in the mountains.
In 2013, air pollution in Bulgaria was more severe than any other European country.
Over 75% of the length of rivers in the country meet the standards for good quality.
Bulgaria's biodiversity is conserved in three national parks, 11 nature parks and 17 biosphere reserves.
Its flora encompass more than 3,800 species of which 170 are endemic and 150 are considered endangered.
A checklist of larger fungi of Bulgaria reported that more than 1,500 species occur in the country.
Bulgaria has some of the largest Natura 2000 areas in Europe covering 33.8% of its territory.
Bulgaria is a parliamentary democracy in which the most powerful executive position is that of prime minister.
As a consequence, the Parliament was dissolved and a new provisional government was set up by the President.
The Bulgarian Socialist Party nominated ex-Finance Minister Plamen Oresharski for the post of Prime Minister.
Following the vote, President Plevneliev offered the mandate to GERB to try and form government, but it was refused.
As agreed, parliamentary elections were held on 5 October 2014 to elect the 43rd National Assembly.
GERB remained the largest party, winning 84 of the 240 seats with around a third of the vote.
Borisov become the first person to be elected twice as Prime Minister in the recent history of Bulgaria.
Bulgaria's judiciary, along with other institutions, remains one of Europe's most corrupt and inefficient.
Law enforcement is carried out by organisations mainly subordinate to the Ministry of the Interior.
Since the 1880s, the number of territorial management units has varied from seven to 26.
A new administrative structure was adopted in parallel with the decentralisation of the economic system.
Municipalities are run by mayors, who are elected to four-year terms, and by directly elected municipal councils.
Bulgaria was also among the founding nations of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe in 1975.
A total of 756 troops are deployed abroad as part of various UN and NATO missions.
More than a fifth of the labour force are employed on a minimum wage of €1 per hour.
The currency is the lev, which is pegged to the euro at a rate of 1.95583 levа for 1 euro.
Bulgaria is not part of the eurozone and has abandoned its plans to adopt the euro.
By 2012, it had increased to €83 billion, or 227 per cent of GDP.
Bulgaria is one of the most corrupt European Union members and ranks 75th in the Corruption Perceptions Index.
Weak law enforcement and overall low capacity of civil service remain as challenges in curbing corruption.
In 2013, GDP was estimated at $119.6 billion, with a per capita value of $16,518.
Local deposits of coal, iron, copper and lead are vital for the manufacturing and energy sectors.
Bulgaria is also a net exporter of agricultural and food products, of which two-thirds go to OECD countries.
It is the largest global producer of perfumery essential oils such as lavender and rose oil.
Bulgaria spends 0.25 per cent of GDP on scientific research, thus having one of the lowest R&D budgets in Europe.
As a result, Bulgaria scores low in terms of innovation, competitiveness and high-value added exports.
The ICT sector generates 10 per cent of GDP and employs the third-largest contingent of ICT specialists in the world.
Internet usage has increased rapidly since 2000—the number of users grew from 430,000 to 3.4 million in 2010.
Telephone services are widely available, and a central digital trunk line connects most regions.
All ethnic groups speak Bulgarian, either as a first or as a second language.
Bulgarian is the only language with official status and native for 85.2 per cent of the population.
Government estimates from 2003 put the literacy rate at 98.6 per cent, with no significant difference between the sexes.
The National Health Insurance Fund pays a gradually increasing portion of the costs of primary healthcare.
Personnel shortages in some fields are so severe that patients resort to seeking treatment in neighboring countries.
Bulgaria ranks 113th globally by average life expectancy, which stands at 73.6 years for both genders.
Nestinarstvo, a ritual fire-dance of Thracian origin, is included in the list of UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage.
Fire is an essential element of Bulgarian folklore, used to banish evil spirits and diseases.
Slavic culture was centred in both the First and Second Bulgarian Empires during much of the Middle Ages.
The Preslav, Ohrid and Tarnovo literary schools exerted considerable cultural influence over the Eastern Orthodox world.
After the Liberation, Bulgarian literature quickly adopted European literary styles such as Romanticism and Symbolism.
It contains Far Eastern, Oriental, medieval Eastern Orthodox and standard Western European tonalities and modes.
Bulgaria's written musical composition can be traced back to the early Middle Ages and the works of Yoan Kukuzel .
Bulgarian performers have gained popularity in several other genres like progressive rock , electropop and jazz .
Vladimir Dimitrov, Nikolay Diulgheroff and Christo are some of the most famous modern Bulgarian artists.
Film industry remains weak: in 2010, Bulgaria produced three feature films and two documentaries with public funding.
Bulgarian cuisine is similar to those of other Balkan countries and demonstrates a strong Turkish and Greek influence.
Yogurt, lukanka, banitsa, shopska salad, lyutenitsa and kozunak are among the best-known local foods.
Meat consumption is lower than the European average, given a notable preference for a large variety of salads.
Rakia is a traditional fruit brandy which was consumed in Bulgaria as early as the 14th century.
Bulgarian wine is known for its Traminer, Muskat and Mavrud types, of which up to 200,000 tonnes are produced annually.
Bulgaria performs well in sports such as wrestling, weight-lifting, boxing, gymnastics, volleyball, football and tennis.
Eventually this resulted in a semi-presidential republic which lasted from October 2014 to September 2015.
The northwestern part of today's Burkina Faso was populated by hunter-gatherers between 14,000 and 5000 BC.
Their tools, including scrapers, chisels and arrowheads, were discovered in 1973 through archeological excavations.
Iron industry, in smelting and forging for tools and weapons, had developed in Sub-Saharan Africa by 1200 BC.
During the early 16th century the Songhai conducted many slave raids into what is today Burkina Faso.
Through a complex series of events what is Burkina Faso eventually became a French protectorate in 1896.
The cotton policy – based on coercion – failed, and revenue generated by the colony stagnated.
France reversed this change during the period of intense anti-colonial agitation that followed the end of World War II.
On 4 September 1947, it revived the colony of Upper Volta, with its previous boundaries, as a part of the French Union.
The French designated its colonies as departments of the metropole France on the European continent.
The name Upper Volta related to the nation's location along the upper reaches of the Volta River.
Before attaining autonomy, it had been French Upper Volta and part of the French Union.
The first president, Maurice Yaméogo, was the leader of the Voltaic Democratic Union .
Soon after coming to power, Yaméogo banned all political parties other than the UDV.
Lamizana remained in power throughout the 1970s as president of military or mixed civil-military governments.
After conflict over the 1970 constitution, a new constitution was written and approved in 1977.
Factional infighting developed between moderates in the CSP and the radicals, led by Capt.
Deterioration in relations with neighbouring countries was one of the reasons given by Compaoré for the coup.
As of 2014, Burkina Faso remains one of the least developed countries in the world.
On 30 October, some protesters set fire to the parliament and took over the national TV headquarters.
Later in the day, the military dissolved all government institutions and set a curfew.
On 31 October 2014, President Compaoré, facing mounting pressure, resigned after 27 years in office.
On 23 September 2015, the prime minister and interim president were restored to power.
He overthrew his long-time friend and ally Thomas Sankara, who was killed in the coup.
On 13 November, Compaoré was reelected in a landslide, because of a divided political opposition.
Only 1.6 million Burkinabés voted, out of a total population 10 times that size.
The 1991 constitution created a bicameral parliament but the upper house was abolished in 2002.
But the widespread distrust of politicians and lack of political involvement by many residents complicated this process.
On 23 September 2015, the prime minister and interim president were restored to power.
There is an air force with some 19 operational aircraft, but no navy, as the country is landlocked.
Burkina Faso employs numerous police and security forces, generally modeled after organizations used by French police.
Burkina Faso lies mostly between latitudes 9° and 15°N , and longitudes 6°W and 3°E.
The average altitude of Burkina Faso is and the difference between the highest and lowest terrain is no greater than .
The basin of the Niger River also drains 27% of the country's surface.
The country also contains numerous lakes – the principal ones are Tingrela, Bam and Dem.
The country contains large ponds, as well, such as Oursi, Béli, Yomboli and Markoye.
In 2012, it was estimated that the adult HIV prevalence rate was 1.0%.
According to the 2011 UNAIDS Report, HIV prevalence is declining among pregnant women who attend antenatal clinics.
As of 2009, studies estimated there were as few as 10 physicians per 100,000 people.
Demographic and Health Surveys has completed three surveys in Burkina Faso since 1993, and had another in 2009.
High school costs approximately CFA 25,000 per year, which is far above the means of most Burkinabè families.
There is also the International School of Ouagadougou , an American-based private school located in Ouagadougou.
Since the 1970s, literature has developed in Burkina Faso with many more writers being published.
Traditional ritual ceremonies of the many ethnic groups in Burkina Faso have long involved dancing with masks.
The most common sources of animal protein are chicken, chicken eggs and fresh water fish.
Zoom-kom is milky-looking and whitish, having a water and cereal base, best drunk with ice cubes.
The cinema of Burkina Faso is an important part of West African and African film industry.
Among the best known directors from Burkina Faso are Gaston Kaboré, Idrissa Ouedraogo and Dani Kouyate.
The internationally known filmmakers such as Ouedraogo, Kabore, Yameogo, and Kouyate make popular television series.
In 1998, Burkina Faso hosted the Africa Cup of Nations for which the Omnisport Stadium in Bobo-Dioulasso was built.
Besides RTB, there are privately owned sports, cultural, music, and religious FM radio stations.
Among the marchers was Jean-Claude Meda, the president of the Association of Journalists of Burkina Faso.
It is a biennial event which takes place every two years in Bobo Dioulasso, the second-largest city in the country.
There has not been much successful improvement on this issue of food security within recent years.
Food insecurity has grown to be a structural problem in Burkina Faso, only to be intensified by high food prices.
According to the Global Hunger Index, Burkina Faso ranked 65 out of 78 countries in 2013.
Only 11.4 percent of children under the age of two receive the daily recommended number of meals.
Additionally, the activities of this operation contribute to families' abilities to withstand future food crises.
The project's next component involves improving the ability of food products, particularly in rural areas.
Lastly, the third component of this project focuses on institutional development and capacity building.
Although the country is landlocked, much of the southwestern border is adjacent to Lake Tanganyika.
The Twa, Hutu and Tutsi peoples have lived in Burundi for at least five hundred years.
After the First World War and Germany's defeat, it ceded the territory to Belgium.
Burundi is densely populated and has had substantial emigration as young people seek opportunities elsewhere.
In practical terms it was considered part of the Belgian colonial empire, and was known as Ruanda-Urundi.
The country claimed independence on 1 July 1962, and legally changed its name from Ruanda-Urundi to Burundi.
In October 1965, an attempted coup d'état led by the Hutu-dominated police was carried out but failed.
In late April 1972, two events led to the outbreak of the First Burundian Genocide.
It is estimated that during this initial Hutu outbreak, anywhere from 800 to 1200 people were killed.
At the same time, King Ntare V of Burundi returned from exile, heightening political tension in the country.
In addition, several hundred thousand Hutu are estimated to have fled the genocide into Zaire, Rwanda, and Tanzania.
In 1976, Colonel Jean-Baptiste Bagaza, a Tutsi, led a bloodless coup and toppled Micombero.
His administration drafted a new constitution in 1981, which maintained Burundi as a one-party state.
Major Pierre Buyoya overthrew Bagaza in 1987 and suspended the constitution, dissolving the political parties.
The death toll was put at 5,000 by the government, though some international NGOs believe this understates the losses.
A few weeks later, Buyoya appointed a new government, with an equal number of Hutu and Tutsi among his ministers.
In 1992, the government promulgated a new constitution that provided for a multi-party system.
An estimated 250,000 people died in Burundi from the combined conflicts between 1962 and 1993.
Since Burundi's independence in 1962, there have been two events called genocides in the country.
The 1972 mass killings of Hutus by the Tutsi-dominated army, and the 1993 mass killings of Tutsis by the Hutu majority.
In October 1993, Tutsi soldiers assassinated Ndadaye, an act which resulted in years of violence between Hutu and Tutsi.
It is estimated that some 300,000 people, mostly civilians, were killed in the years following the assassination.
In response to rebel attacks, the government forced much of the population to relocate to refugee camps.
Both parties signed agreements in Arusha, Tanzania and Pretoria, South Africa, to share power in Burundi.
After several aborted cease-fires, a 2001 peace plan and power-sharing agreement has been relatively successful.
In early 2005, ethnic quotas were formed for determining positions in Burundi's government.
The second objective involved a restructuring of the military, where the two groups would be represented equally.
In 2000, the Burundian President signed the treaty, as well as 13 of the 19 warring Hutu and Tutsi factions.
Disagreements persisted over which group would preside over the nascent government and when the ceasefire would begin.
However, smaller militant Hutu groups – such as the Forces for National Liberation – remained active.
This organization continued its violent conflict on the outskirts of the capital despite the UN’s presence.
By June 2005, the group had stopped fighting, and its representatives were brought back into the political process.
In February 2005, the was approved with over 90% of the popular vote.
In addition, Burundi, along with Rwanda, joined the East African Community in 2007.
The rebel factions disagreed with the government over disarmament and the release of political prisoners.
In late 2007 and early 2008, FLN combatants attacked government-protected camps where former combatants were living.
Burundi's political system is that of a presidential representative democratic republic based upon a multi-party state.
Members of the National Assembly are elected by popular vote and serve for five-year terms.
The Transitional Senate has fifty-one members, and three seats are reserved for former presidents.
Due to stipulations in Burundi's constitution, 30% of Senate members must be female.
For each of Burundi's eighteen provinces, one Hutu and one Tutsi senator are chosen.
Burundi's president appoints officials to his Council of Ministers, which is also part of the executive branch.
The president can also pick fourteen members of the Transitional Senate to serve on the Council of Ministers.
Members of the Council of Ministers must be approved by two-thirds of Burundi's legislature.
The First Vice President is Therence Sinunguruza, and the Second Vice President is Gervais Rufyikiri.
Tribunals of First Instance are used as judicial courts in each of Burundi's provinces as well as 123 local tribunals.
In 2000, the province encompassing Bujumbura was separated into two provinces, Bujumbura Rural and Bujumbura Mairie.
The newest province, Rumonge, was created on 26 March 2015 from portions of Bujumbura Rural and Bururi.
One of the smallest countries in Africa, Burundi is landlocked and has an equatorial climate.
Burundi is a part of the Albertine Rift, the western extension of the East African Rift.
The average elevation of the central plateau is , with lower elevations at the borders.
The highest peak, Mount Heha at , lies to the southeast of the capital, Bujumbura.
Another major lake is Lake Tanganyika, located in much of Burundi's southwestern corner.
There are two national parks, Kibira National Park to the northwest , Ruvubu National Park to the northeast .
Burundi has the fifth highest total fertility rate in the world, at 6.08 children born AIDS.
The purchasing power of most Burundians has decreased as wage increases have not kept up with inflation.
Since farming is the main industry, a typical Burundian meal consists of sweet potatoes, corn, and peas.
Notable Burundians include the soccer player Mohammed Tchité and singer Jean Pierre Nimbona, popularly known as Kidumu .
Crafts are an important art form in Burundi and are attractive gifts to many tourists.
Other crafts such as masks, shields, statues and pottery are made in Burundi.
Dance often accompanies drumming performance, which is frequently seen in celebrations and family gatherings.
Some musical instruments of note are the flute, zither, ikembe, indonongo, umuduri, inanga, and the inyagara.
Burundi's oral tradition is strong, relaying history and life lessons through storytelling, poetry, and song.
Imigani, indirimbo, amazina, and ivyivugo are types of literary genres existing in Burundi.
There are five major judo clubs: Club Judo de l'Entente Sportive, in Downtown, and four others throughout the city.
In 2005, the Burundian government declared Eid al-Fitr, an Islamic holiday, to be a public holiday.
The Burundi Education Foundation is hoping to open the school in the summer of 2014.
Her parents gave her the nickname Busy because as an infant she was always moving.
She attended Loyola Marymount University at the same time as Linda Cardellini and former boyfriend Colin Hanks.
She was a series regular in seasons 5 and 6, appearing in 46 episodes, before the show finished in 2003.
They have two daughters: Birdie Leigh , whose godmother is actress Lizzy Caplan; and Cricket Pearl .
She attended public schools in Santa Barbara and graduated from the local San Marcos High School in June 1982.
Huffman started performing in Santa Barbara's very active local theater community well before her teenage years.
Huffman received the Tony Award for Best Performance by a Featured Actress in a Musical for the role.
She was nominated for a 2013 Outer Critics Circle Award for her work in that play.
Huffman married attorney and basketball coach William Healy in 1994; they divorced in 2010.
In addition to acting, Carmichael spends time taking dance classes , as well as gymnastics.
She also does volunteer work with the Beverly Hills Presbyterian Church, helping feed the homeless.

She was born in Iowa City, Iowa where her father was a graduate student at the prestigious Iowa Writer’s Workshop.
Her family then moved to Kennybunk, Maine and eventually to Brooklyn, New York.
She attended St. Ann’s School in Brooklyn Heights, where her mother, Barry Dulany, was a teacher.


O'Heaney was born in Whitefish Bay, Wisconsin of Irish, Polish, Prussian and German descent.
She won a full scholarship to the Juilliard School in New York City when she was 17.
 Caitlin Wachs Caitlin Elizabeth Wachs is an American actress who has acted in several films and TV series.
Her parents are Patrice Wachs, a graphic designer, and Allan Wachs, a producer of music videos. 
 Caity Lotz Caity Marie Lotz is an American actress, dancer, singer, and model.
She reprised her role in the highly anticipated series finale of the show, airing in May 2015. 
During her career, she has received a Golden Globe Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award and three Emmy Award nominations.
Her mother, Kay Calista, reversed her own first and middle names in naming her Calista Kay.
While there, she attended a specialized and competitive class, lasting from 6:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.
In her sophomore year at Rutgers, Flockhart met aspiring actress Jane Krakowski, the best friend of her roommate.
Kelley, having heard of Flockhart, wanted her to audition for the contract part.
They became engaged on Valentine's Day in 2009, and were married on June 15, 2010, in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
From 2004 to 2014, Flockhart served as the national spokesperson for Peace Over Violence.
Thorne was born in Boston, Massachusetts, and is of Armenian and English descent.
During her last year in the military, she came out as a transgender woman.
Addams began entertaining as a child by playing Bluegrass and Gospel-style fiddle in church, and acting in school plays.
After completing military service and returning to Nashville, Calpernia played fiddle with a Celtic band.
She gradually began headlining up to 10 shows a week for audiences of up to 2,000 people.
In 1999, while working as a performer, Addams began dating PFC Barry Winchell.
The case became a prominent example used to illustrate the failure of DADT to protect LGBT service members.
He was the fourth of five presidents to have died during the term of their direct successor.
He was the elder of the two children of John Calvin Coolidge Sr. and Victoria Josephine Moor .
She was chronically ill and died, perhaps from tuberculosis, when Coolidge was twelve years old.
Coolidge's father remarried in 1891, to a schoolteacher, and lived to the age of eighty.
Senator Marcus A. Coolidge and Lieutenant Governor Arthur W. Coolidge, were also distant relatives.
It is through Sarah Brewer that Coolidge indeterminably believed that he inherited American Indian ancestry.
He practiced commercial law, believing that he served his clients best by staying out of court.
But Grace knew all of this when she married him, in addition to recognizing in him a man of solid character.
Coolidge did not like to be beholden to bankers or anyone else, for that matter.
Henry Field had a pew in Edwards Church, and Grace was a member, but Coolidge only went along.
But Coolidge found another way to connect with fellow citizens: he deposited savings with a variety of institutions.
In 1899, he declined renomination, running instead for City Solicitor, a position elected by the City Council.
This position gave Coolidge more experience as a lawyer and paid a salary of $600.
In 1902, the city council selected a Democrat for city solicitor, and Coolidge returned to private practice.
Soon thereafter, however, the clerk of courts for the county died, and Coolidge was chosen to replace him.
The position paid well, but it barred him from practicing law, so he remained at the job for only one year.
In 1904, Coolidge suffered his sole defeat at the ballot box, losing an election to the Northampton school board.
In 1906, the local Republican committee nominated Coolidge for election to the state House of Representatives.
While in Boston, Coolidge became an ally, and then a liegeman, of then U.S.
He was well liked in the town, and defeated his challenger by a vote of 1,597 to 1,409.
He was renominated in 1911, and defeated the same opponent by a slightly larger margin.
After two tense months, the company agreed to the workers' demands, in a settlement proposed by the committee.
Coolidge's supporters, led by fellow Amherst alumnus Frank Stearns, encouraged him again to run for lieutenant governor.
When McCall decided that he would not stand for a fourth term, Coolidge announced his intention to run for governor.
In August of that year, the American Federation of Labor issued a charter to the Boston Police Union.
That night and the next, there was sporadic violence and rioting in the unruly city.
He called up more units of the National Guard, restored Curtis to office, and took personal control of the police force.
Newspapers across the nation picked up on Coolidge's statement and he became the newest hero to opponents of the strike.
While Coolidge had lost some friends among organized labor, conservatives across the nation had seen a rising star.
They also won in Tennessee, the first time a Republican ticket had won a Southern state since Reconstruction.
It is from this time that most of the jokes and anecdotes involving Coolidge originate.
On August 2, 1923, President Harding died suddenly while on a speaking tour of the western United States.
He dressed, said a prayer, and came downstairs to greet the reporters who had assembled.
Coolidge and Dawes won every state outside the South except for Wisconsin, La Follette's home state.
Coolidge had a popular vote majority of 2.5 million over his opponents' combined total.
By 1927, only the wealthiest 2% of taxpayers paid any federal income tax.
He favored instead Herbert Hoover's proposal to modernize agriculture to create profits, instead of manipulating prices.
In February 1927, Congress took up the McNary-Haugen bill again, this time narrowly passing it and Coolidge vetoed it.
However, the act was unclear on whether the federal government or the tribal leaders retained tribal sovereignty.
The League of Nations accepted the reservations, but it suggested some modifications of their own.
After leaving office, he and Grace returned to Northampton, where he wrote his memoirs.
The Republicans retained the White House in 1928 in the person of Coolidge's Secretary of Commerce, Herbert Hoover.
Coolidge appointed one justice to the Supreme Court of the United States, Harlan Fiske Stone in 1925.
Stone was Coolidge's fellow Amherst alumnus, a Wall Street lawyer and conservative Republican.
Coolidge nominated 17 judges to the United States Courts of Appeals, and 61 judges to the United States district courts.
Coolidge also signed the Judiciary Act of 1925 into law, allowing the Supreme Court more discretion over its workload.
Coolidge received an honorary Doctor of Laws degree from Bates College in Lewiston, Maine.
The State of Vermont dedicated a new visitors' center nearby to mark Coolidge's 100th birthday on July 4, 1972.
On December 6, 1923, he was the first President whose address to Congress was broadcast on radio.
Coolidge signed the Radio Act of 1927, which assigned regulation of radio to the newly created Federal Radio Commission.
Reagan cited Coolidge's tough handling of striking Boston police when he fired striking air traffic controllers in 1981.

Cameroon's coastline lies on the Bight of Bonny, part of the Gulf of Guinea and the Atlantic Ocean.
After World War I, the territory was divided between France and United Kingdom as League of Nations mandates.
The Union des Populations du Cameroun political party advocated independence, but was outlawed by France in the 1950s.
The southern part of British Cameroons merged with it in 1961 to form the Federal Republic of Cameroon.
The country was renamed the United Republic of Cameroon in 1972 and the Republic of Cameroon in 1984.
This has permitted the development of agriculture, roads, railways, and large petroleum and timber industries.
The Sao culture arose around Lake Chad c. AD 500 and gave way to the Kanem and its successor state, the Bornu Empire.
The northern part of Cameroon was an important part of the Arab slave trade network.
The Bamum tribe have a writing system, known as Bamum script or Shu Mom.
The German Empire claimed the territory as the colony of Kamerun in 1884 and began a steady push inland.
France outlawed the most radical political party, the Union des Populations du Cameroun , on 13 July 1955.
This prompted a long guerrilla war and the assassination of the party's leader, Ruben Um Nyobé.
In the more peaceful British Cameroons, the question was whether to reunify with French Cameroun or join Nigeria.
Ahidjo pursued an economic policy of planned liberalism, prioritising cash crops and petroleum development.
Ahidjo stepped down on 4 November 1982 and left power to his constitutional successor, Paul Biya.
The body consists of 180 members who are elected for five-year terms and meet three times per year.
Cameroon's legal system is largely based on French civil law with common law influences.
Although nominally independent, the judiciary falls under the authority of the executive's Ministry of Justice.
The judiciary is officially divided into tribunals, the court of appeal, and the supreme court.
President Biya's Cameroon People's Democratic Movement was the only legal political party until December 1990.
Governors have broad powers: they may order propaganda in their area and call in the army, gendarmes, and police.
Most children have access to state-run schools that are cheaper than private and religious facilities.
The educational system is a mixture of British and French precedents with most instruction in English or French.
In Cameroon, there is only one doctor for every 5,000 people, according to the World Health Organization.
Doctors and nurses, which were trained in Cameroon, emigrate because in Cameroon the payment is bad for too much work.
Life expectancy at birth is estimated to be 54.71 years in 2012, among the lowest in the world.
Breast ironing, a traditional practice that is prevalent in Cameroon, may affect girls' health.
It is slightly larger than the nation of Sweden and comparable in size to Papua New Guinea.
The coastal plain extends inland from the Gulf of Guinea and has an average elevation of .
This region has a mild climate, particularly on the Western High Plateau, although rainfall is high.
On 21 August 1986, one of these, Lake Nyos, belched carbon dioxide and killed between 1,700 and 2,000 people.
This area has been delineated by the World Wildlife Fund as the Cameroonian Highlands forests ecoregion.
This feature stretches from the western mountain area and forms a barrier between the country's north and south.
The northern lowland region extends from the edge of the Adamawa to Lake Chad with an average elevation of .
In the south, the principal rivers are the Ntem, Nyong, Sanaga, and Wouri.
In northern Cameroon, the Bénoué River runs north and west and empties into the Niger.
The Logone flows northward into Lake Chad, which Cameroon shares with three neighbouring countries.
Cameroon's per-capita GDP was estimated as US$2,300 in 2008, one of the ten highest in sub-Saharan Africa.
Major export markets include France, Italy, South Korea, Spain, and the United Kingdom.
Cameroon has had a decade of strong economic performance, with GDP growing at an average of 4% per year.
An estimated 70% of the population farms, and agriculture comprised an estimated 19.8% of GDP in 2009.
Soils and climate on the coast encourage extensive commercial cultivation of bananas, cocoa, oil palms, rubber, and tea.
Inland on the South Cameroon Plateau, cash crops include coffee, sugar, and tobacco.
Bushmeat, long a staple food for rural Cameroonians, is today a delicacy in the country's urban centres.
The commercial bushmeat trade has now surpassed deforestation as the main threat to wildlife in Cameroon.
The southern rainforest has vast timber reserves, estimated to cover 37% of Cameroon's total land area.
Nevertheless, in practice, the industry is one of the least regulated in Cameroon.
More than 75% of Cameroon's industrial strength is located in Douala and Bonabéri.
Roadblocks often serve little other purpose than to allow police and gendarmes to collect bribes from travellers.
Rail service runs from Kumba in the west to Bélabo in the east and north to Ngaoundéré.
International airports are located in Douala and Yaoundé, with a third under construction in Maroua.
In the north, the Bénoué River is seasonally navigable from Garoua across into Nigeria.
Population density is highest in the large urban centres, the western highlands, and the northeastern plain.
Smaller movements are occurring as workers seek employment in lumber mills and plantations in the south and east.
Both monogamous and polygamous marriage are practiced, and the average Cameroonian family is large and extended.
In the north, women tend to the home, and men herd cattle or work as farmers.
In the south, women grow the family's food, and men provide meat and grow cash crops.
Like most societies, Cameroonian society is male-dominated, and violence and discrimination against women is common.
In 2007, Cameroon hosted a total population of refugees and asylum seekers of approximately 97,400.
Of these, 49,300 were from the Central African Republic , 41,600 from Chad, and 2,900 from Nigeria.
Both English and French are official languages, although French is by far the most understood language .
German, the language of the original colonisers, has long since been displaced by French and English.
Music and dance are an integral part of Cameroonian ceremonies, festivals, social gatherings, and storytelling.
Traditional dances are highly choreographed and separate men and women or forbid participation by one sex altogether.
Makossa developed in Douala and mixes folk music, highlife, soul, and Congo music.
Cuisine varies by region, but a large, one-course, evening meal is common throughout the country.
This is served with a sauce, soup, or stew made from greens, groundnuts, palm oil, or other ingredients.
Dishes are often quite hot, spiced with salt, red pepper, and Maggi.
Snacks are popular, especially in larger towns where they may be bought from street vendors.
Traditional arts and crafts are practiced throughout the country for commercial, decorative, and religious purposes.
Shortly after independence, filmmakers such as Jean-Paul Ngassa and Thérèse Sita-Bella explored similar themes.
Cameroon is one of the few tropical countries to have competed in the Winter Olympics.
Cameroon has won four African Cup of Nations titles and the gold medal at the 2000 Olympics. 


She started her career as a dancer, model, and actress, and worked as a producer and writer for Grammnet Productions.
Born in Newport Beach, California, Grammer grew up in an upper-middle-class family in New Jersey.
Her father is a financial adviser, who still worked in New York City as of 2011.
Within the production company, Grammer has worked as a creator, writer, and executive producer.
But I have to say, my experience was very enjoyable and of course it would be something I would love to do.
Grammer met actor Kelsey Grammer in 1996, and they married in Malibu, California, in 1997.
After her divorce, she began dating Dallas, Texas, fitness trainer and lawyer Dimitri Charalambopoulos.
He was then charged with assault of a family member and a felony by the Harris County, Texas, district attorney.
She attended Eudora Middle School, Eudora, Arkansas, until 1960 when her family moved to Atlanta, Georgia.
In 1969, she was involved in a major car accident that left her with facial scarring.

Saviola was born in The Bronx, New York City, New York, the daughter of Mary and Michael Saviola.
Throughout the next 25 years, Saviola would perform in theater, television, and films.
She is best known for her supporting roles as an Italian, Latino or Jewish character.
 Camille Winbush Camille Simoine Winbush is an American television actress, comedian and recording artist.
Her work in television has earned her three Image Awards and a Young Artist Award.
She also is known for being Vanessa in the Bernie Mac Show during the start in 2001 which ended in 2006.

Manheim was born Debra Frances Manheim in Caldwell, New Jersey and grew up in Peoria, Illinois.
She is the daughter of Sylvia, a teacher, and Jerome Manheim, a mathematics professor.
Her only child, son Milo, was born March 6, 2001, two days before her 40th birthday. 
 Candace Cameron Bure Candace Helaine Cameron Bure is an American actress, producer, author, and talk show host.
Following in the footsteps of her older brother Kirk, Bure decided to pursue acting.
The long-running series ended in 1995, and she was a member of the cast during its entire run.
Bure did not receive a single 10 from any judges for any of her individual dances with Ballas until the semifinals.
In a September 2015 interview, Bure said that her latest book reveals more personal issues than the others.
Cameron Bure and her husband have three children: daughter Natasha and sons Lev and Maksim .
Cameron Bure became a born again Christian in her 20s; she credits her faith as the binding force in her marriage.

Kita's first role was as a news anchor in the 1991 movie Stealth Hunters.
She has also appeared as a guest star in Revenge, Better With You, and Raising Hope among others. 
She studied with Lee Strasberg and Gene Frankel and soon began appearing off-Broadway and in regional theatres.
Her mother, Frances Bergen , was a Powers model who was known professionally as Frances Westcott.
Her father, Edgar Bergen, was a famous ventriloquist, comedian, and actor.
Her paternal grandparents were Swedish-born immigrants who anglicized their surname, which was originally Berggren.
After failing courses in art and opera, she was eventually asked to leave at the end of her sophomore year.
It led to Bergen's being voted by British exhibitors as the seventh most popular star at the British box office in 1971.
Murphy Brown, a recovering alcoholic, became a single mother and later battled breast cancer.
Quayle's remarks became comedic fodder and were written into the show, with Murphy shown watching Quayle's speech.
A subsequent episode explored the subject of family values within a diverse set of families.
The show ran for ten seasons and between 1989 and 1998, Bergen was nominated for an Emmy Award seven times and won five.
After playing the role of Murphy Brown, Bergen was offered a chance to work as a real-life journalist.
In 2006 and 2008, she received Emmy nominations for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series.
She was also the first woman to join the Five-Timers Club, when she hosted for the fifth time in 1990.
In 1972, she served as a fundraiser and organizer for George McGovern's presidential campaign.
Tate and four others were murdered in the home in 1969 by followers of Charles Manson.
The couple were married until Malle's death from cancer on Thanksgiving Day in 1995.

Born in Norman, Oklahoma, to Ella and Thomas Clark, a chef, she grew up in Fort Worth, Texas.
 Candy Darling Candy Darling was an American Transgender actress, best known as a Warhol Superstar.
Her friend, roommate, and posthumous editor, Jeremiah Newton, states that she was born on November 24, 1944.
In 1961 she signed up for a course at the DeVern School of Cosmetology in Baldwin, on Long Island.
There she would take the train to Manhattan, frequently sitting across from Long Island starlet Joey Heatherton.
Newton was on his first trip to the Village from his home in Flushing, Queens.
Holly Woodlawn remembers that Darling's name evolved from Hope Dahl to Candy Dahl and then to Candy Cane.
Before they met, in 1967, Darling saw Andy Warhol at the after-hours club called The Tenth of Always.
She played a Long Island socialite, drawn into a woman's liberation group called PIGS , by a character played by Curtis.
For a short time, Darling worked as a barmaid at Slugger Ann's, the bar owned by Jackie Curtis's grandmother.
Ryan, Sylvia Miles, George Plimpton, Halston, Giorgio di Sant' Angelo and Egon and Diane von Furstenberg.
Darling's birth name was never spoken by the minister or any of the eulogizers.
Chloë Sevigny narrates the film, voicing Darling's private diary entries and personal letters.
The film was directed by James Rasin and produced by Jeremiah Newton and Elisabeth Bentley. 
She went to Saint Benedict's school in Seattle, Washington during her elementary years.
 Caprice Bourret Caprice Bourret is an American businesswoman, model, actress and television personality.
In 1996 she moved to the United Kingdom and quickly became one of the most photographed women.
Buono was born and raised in The Bronx, New York City, New York, in a blue-collar family with two brothers and a sister.
As of August 2010, Buono lives in New York City's Greenwich Village with her husband, Ethos Water founder Peter Thum. 
At this stage in her career, DeLizia was known for her high-pitched voice and pixie haircut.
At various stops along the way Fi would encounter paranormal activity ranging from aliens, to ghosts, to Bigfoot.
Fi's interest was driven to find out what had caused her father's death when she was a child.
DeLizia left the show in the Season 3 premiere and was replaced by a young Canadian Alexz Johnson.
However, when DeLizia departed, the show took on a lighter tone for the remainder of its run.
Williams married Alan Gray in 1945; they had a daughter, Cathy Gray, but the marriage ended after two years.
Williams then married John Drew Barrymore, the father of Drew Barrymore, in 1952.
She is currently married to her third husband, Los Angeles real estate entrepreneur Asher Dann.
Around this time, she took some time off, marrying her first husband, Alan Gray, in 1945 and having her daughter Cathy.
The show lasted for two seasons and Williams was nominated for the Emmy Award for Best Lead Actress in a Comedy.
She resides in Los Angeles and is married to her third husband, Asher Dann. 
 Cardiff Cardiff is the capital and largest city in Wales and the tenth largest city in the United Kingdom.
Cardiff is part of the Cardiff and south Wales valleys metropolitan area of about 1,100,000 people.
In 2011, Cardiff was ranked sixth in the world in National Geographic's alternative tourist destinations.
Cardiff was made a city in 1905, and proclaimed the capital of Wales in 1955.
This sound change had probably first occurred in the Middle Ages; both forms were current in the Tudor period.
The fort may have been abandoned in the early 2nd century as the area had been subdued.
It was likely made up of traders who made a living from the fort, ex-soldiers and their families.
Contemporary with the Saxon Shore Forts of the 3rd and 4th centuries, a stone fortress was established at Cardiff.
Similar to the shore forts, the fortress was built to protect Britannia from raiders.
The area passed through his family until the advent of the Normans in the 11th century.
In 1081 William I, King of England, began work on the castle keep within the walls of the old Roman fort.
A small town grew up in the shadow of the castle, made up primarily of settlers from England.
In the early 12th century a wooden palisade was erected around the city to protect it.
Cardiff was a busy port in the Middle Ages, and was declared a Staple port in 1327.
As the town was still very small, most of the buildings were made of wood and the town was destroyed.
Around this same time the Herbert family became the most powerful family in the area.
During the Second English Civil War, St Fagans just to the west of the town, played host to the Battle of St Fagans.
It is the last major battle to occur in Wales, with about 200 soldiers killed.
Despite these improvements, Cardiff's position in the Welsh urban hierarchy had declined over the 18th century.
By the 1881 census, Cardiff had overtaken both Merthyr and Swansea to become the largest town in Wales.
A permanent military presence was established in the town with the completion of Maindy Barracks in 1877.
After a brief post-war boom, Cardiff docks entered a prolonged decline in the interwar period.
By 1936, their trade was less than half its value in 1913, reflecting the slump in demand for Welsh coal.
However, it recovered and was one of the few cities where population grew during the 1990s.
Between the 2004 and 2012 local elections, no individual political party held a majority on Cardiff County Council.
The Liberal Democrats held the largest number of seats and Cllr Rodney Berman was Leader of the Council.
The National Assembly for Wales has been based in Cardiff Bay since its formation in 1999.
The Assembly Members , the Assembly Commission and Ministerial support staff are based in Cardiff Bay.
Several of these have their own community council, while the rest are governed solely by Cardiff City Council.
The centre of Cardiff is relatively flat and is bounded by hills on the outskirts to the east, north and west.
The classic Triassic marl, sand and conglomerate rocks are used predominantly throughout Cardiff as building materials.
Many of these Triassic rocks have a purple complexion, especially the coastal marl found near Penarth.
Cardiff has also imported some materials for buildings: Devonian sandstones from the Brecon Beacons has been used.
A third river, the Rhymney flows through the east of the city entering directly into the Severn Estuary.
The Glamorgan coast is the only part of the Celtic Sea that has exposed Jurassic geology.
This means that almost 53,000 people from a non-white ethnic group reside in the city.
Welsh was the majority language in Cardiff from the 13th century until the city's explosive growth in the Victorian era.
Following the establishment of the city's first Welsh School in the 1950s, Welsh has slowly regained some ground.
The highest percentage of Welsh speakers is in Canton, where 19.1% of the population speak the language.
The British Council has an office in the city centre and there are six accredited schools in the area.
There are a significant number of nonconformist chapels, an early-20th century Greek Orthodox church and 11 mosques.
There was once a fairly substantial Jewish population in South Wales, most of which has disappeared.
The first mosque in the UK opened in 1860 in the Cathays district of Cardiff.
The city has been home to a sizable Hindu community since Indian immigrants settled there during the 1950s and 1960s.
The first Hindu temple in the city was opened in Grangetown on 6 April 1979 on the site of an abandoned printing press .
Today, there are over 2000 Hindus in Cardiff, worshiping at three temples across the city.
In the 2001 census 18.8% of the city's population stated they had no religion, while 8.6% did not state a religion.
There are seven NHS hospitals in the city, the largest of which is the University Hospital of Wales.
The University Hospital of Wales is the third largest hospital in the UK and deals with most accidents and emergencies.
The University Dental Hospital, which provides emergency dental treatment, is also located on this site.
In addition Spire Healthcare has a private hospital in the city which is located in Pentwyn.
As the capital city of Wales, Cardiff is the main engine of growth in the Welsh economy.
This was first achieved by the construction of a long canal from Merthyr to the Taff Estuary at Cardiff.
In 1907, Cardiff's Coal Exchange was the first host to a business deal for a million pounds Sterling.
The centre was named the international shopping centre of the year in 2010 by Retail Leisure International .
Development of the area began in February 2010 and is expected to be completed by July 2011.
It is located at the eastern end of the city centre, and also provides services to Cardiff Bay.
Cardiff has a suburban rail system known as Valley Lines, which is operated by Arriva Trains Wales.
Cardiff is served by three junctions of the M4, plus A48, which leads onto the M4.
It runs through Bute Park, Sophia Gardens and many other green areas within Cardiff.
The Aquabus runs every hour between the city centre and Cardiff Bay , and between Cardiff Bay and Penarth .
Between March and October boats also depart from Cardiff Bay to take visitors to Flat Holm Island.
The Paddle Steamer Waverley and MV Balmoral sail from Britannia Quay to various destinations in the Bristol Channel.
The city also has two further education colleges: Cardiff and Vale College and St. David's College.
The former is the result of a merger, completed in August 2011, between Coleg Glan Hafren and Barry College.
Cardiff has 3 state nursery schools , 98 state primary schools , and 20 state secondary schools .
Cardiff is also famous for Cardiff Castle, St David's Hall, Llandaff Cathedral and the Wales Millennium Centre.
Cardiff Castle is a major tourist attraction in the city and is situated in the heart of the city centre.
In addition to Cardiff Castle, Castell Coch is located in Tongwynlais, in the north of the city.
It rarely fulfilled its intended role as a retreat for the Butes, who seldom stayed there.
For the Marquess, the pleasure had been in its creation, a pleasure lost following Burges's death in 1881.
Cardiff claims to have the largest concentration of castles of any city in the world.
Cardiff Story, a museum documenting the city's history, has been open to the public since Spring 2011.
The annual festival claims to be the UK's largest free outdoor festival, attracting over 250,000 visitors in 2007.
Cardiff hosted the National Eisteddfod in 1883, 1899, 1938, 1960, 1978 and 2008.
Cardiff is unique in Wales in having two permanent stone circles used by the Gorsedd of Bards during Eisteddfodau.
St David's Hall has regular performances of classical music and ballet as well as music of other genres.
The largest of Cardiff's theatres is the New Theatre, situated in the city centre just off Queen Street.
Other such venues include the Sherman Theatre, Chapter Arts Centre and the Gate Arts Centre.
In 2010, Cardiff was named the UK's second 'most musical' City by PRS for Music.
The stadium houses the Headquarters of Welsh Athletics, the sport's governing body for Wales.
He was a British Christian monk, bishop, and founder of monasteries and churches.
Cardiff is also well known for its musicians, such as Ivor Novello, after whom the Ivor Novello Awards are named.
A number of Cardiff-based bands, such as Catatonia and Super Furry Animals were popular during the 1990s.
Cardiff has twinning arrangements with: A total of 28 countries have a diplomatic presence in Cardiff.
One of her earliest roles was in a United States Navy training film about a young woman going through basic training.

Lowell was born in Huntington, New York, the daughter of geologist James Lowell.
Her first husband was fashion photographer John Stember, to whom she was married from 1984 to 1988.
She was married to actor Griffin Dunne from 1989 to 1995 and has a daughter, Hannah, from that marriage.


With my dad, I lived in a beautiful house with a swimming pool and a tennis court and went to Europe for the summers.
She eventually came to support herself, and with her parents' support, was legally emancipated by the time she was 16.
Gugino sang a duet with co-star Oscar Isaac, which appeared in the end credits and in the film's soundtrack.
We like being boyfriend and girlfriend; there's something sexy and fun about that.

She was a movie actress in the 1920s and 1930s, and one of the longest surviving actors of the silent film era.
Her career in motion pictures also spanned almost ninety years from her first appearance in 1925 to her last in 2014.
Laemmle continued to appear in small roles until the late 1930s, when she disappeared from the movie screen.
Laemmle died at her home in Los Angeles at the age of 104 on June 12, 2014.
Chaikin was born in Santa Monica, California to a cardiologist father and a physiotherapist mother.
During this time she played a lot of athletics, volleyball, softball, basketball, and soccer.
She plays the character Darlene, who is a programmer, is part of the fsociety group who writes malicious rootkit code.
At the 2015 SXSW film festival, the show won the Audience Award for Episodic TV shows.
She said that it was a great pilot and that the bad-ass nature of the character really appealed to her.
Chaikin is a painter, focusing on acrylics and oil, with some mixed media collage.
Although she took painting classes growing up, Chaikin says that she is mostly self-taught.
She enjoys softball and has an older brother, Russell, who attends the University of Delaware.
She has made numerous TV guest appearances, including ABC News, WPIX Morning News and NBC News.
Sonenclar received a standing ovation from all four judges , and she advanced to the next round.
Of the 120 contestants who auditioned at bootcamp that day, she was among the sixty or so asked to continue on.
It was revealed that she had been the #1 most-voted-for contestant in the competition that night.
On December 20, 2012, it was announced that she had finished the competition in second place behind Tate Stevens.
Two years later in 1995, child director Bob Ebel asked her to do a few television commercials.
Film Festival, Tiburon Film Festival, USA Family Film Festival and the Worldfest Houston Film festival.
Myers was born in San Francisco, the daughter of an Australian rabbi and Austrian Jewish mother.
From this beginning, Myers left for New York City, where she acted mainly on stage for the next two years.
She was signed by Universal, where she emerged as a popular actress in vamp roles.
Myers had a successful sound career, mostly in supporting roles due to her age.
After its cancellation, Myers focused on a career in real estate and her own perfume distribution company.
Myers died in 1980 at the age of 81 and was buried near her parents at Home of Peace Cemetery in East Los Angeles. 
The daughter of screenwriter Tom Geraghty, she was the sister of writers Maurice and Gerald Geraghty.
She went on to be a graduate of the Hollywood High School and was in the graduating class of 1919.
Though her parents wished her to stay at home, she went off to become a movie star.
She started work out as an extra in the early 1920s, using a fictitious name until getting her big break.
In the last years of her life, her artwork was put on display at the Weil Gardens in Paris.
Carmelita Geraghty died of a heart attack in 1966 at the Lombardy Hotel in Manhattan, aged 65.
She was returning to her home in Los Angeles, California after a month's exhibition of her work at the Weil Galleries.
Electra has English, Irish, German, and Dutch ancestry, and was very close to her family.
That same year she appeared as the face and spokesperson for Max Factor cosmetics in their television and print ads.
She appeared along with regular series judges Nigel Lythgoe and Mary Murphy and fellow guest judge Travis Wall.
In 1998, Electra was dating NBA star Dennis Rodman when in August her mother and sister died within weeks of each other.
She and Rodman wed in November 1998 at Little Chapel of the Flowers in Las Vegas, Nevada.
He was such a fun person to be around, and we went out every night.
I'm just going to have fun, and I'm not going to worry about anything.
Right after my mom and sister died, I flew to Las Vegas and Dennis and I got married.
I'd lost my mom and my sister; I didn't want to lose anyone else.
At that moment I realized I wasn't letting myself feel what I needed to.
On November 22, 2003, Electra married Dave Navarro, lead guitarist for the rock band Jane's Addiction.
Electra is godmother to Lyrik London, the son of actor Jeremy London and his estranged wife Melissa Cunningham.


Zapata was born in New York City to a Mexican father and an Argentine mother.
Zapata died on January 5, 2014 from heart disease; she was 86 years old. 
During the 1980s she appeared on over 500 magazine covers, becoming one of the most famous models of her era.
Since 1986 she has appeared in a variety of films, many of which were Italian productions.
She appeared on the cover and in a nude pictorial in Playboy's December 2008 issue.
In 2008 she founded Raw Essentials, a skin-care and beauty products line with her partners .
A double decker New York City tour bus was dedicated to her and her career.
Alt was then in a long-term relationship with former professional ice hockey player Alexei Yashin. 
Barbee graduated from Central Cabarrus High School in Concord, North Carolina where she did theater.
She has a sister, Cathy Barbee, who currently resides in Charlotte, NC.
 Carol Bruce Carol Bruce was an American band singer, Broadway star, and film and television actress.
She was born Shirley Levy in Great Neck, New York to Beatrice and Harry Levy.
She began her career as a singer in the late 1930s with Larry Clinton and his band.
Born in Detroit, Michigan, she appeared in several films and television shows between 1960 and 1963.
Christensen began her career as a model in the late 1950s, and was voted Miss New York Summer Festival in 1958.
Dempster then retired from the screen to marry wealthy banker Edwin S. Larson in 1929.
Also, with a few exceptions, the films she appeared in were not among Griffith's more popular works.
In recent years, however, viewers and critics alike have slowly begun to appreciate her performances.
11 on the Billboard UK charts and top ten in Finland and Australia in 1994.

The couple remained wed until his death on July 1, 2000; they had one son, Charles.
She had a wide social circle and was known for her wit and good company.
Carol Saroyan Matthau died of a cerebral aneurysm on July 21, 2003, aged 78.


Lynley was born Carole Ann Jones in Manhattan, the daughter of Frances , a waitress, and Cyril Jones.

Ohmart was seen pitching floor wax along with Anne Francis and Eva Marie Saint, with the trio also hosting the show.
Ohmart moved to New York in 1955 where she worked as an understudy on Broadway.
After spending nearly $2 Million promoting her, she was released from her contract.
She briefly retired from acting, only to return a year later, starring in numerous films and television series.
She changed her name to Kariomar S. Traberth and left her fame in the past.
The Wayne Sisters later became showgirls of the Folies Bergère at the Tropicana Resort & Casino in Las Vegas.
Carol followed Nina to Hollywood in the mid-1960s and the sisters began appearing in TV shows of the era.
After her death, Carson kept the Art Fern character off the air for most of the next year.
He eventually hired Danuta Wesley and later Teresa Ganzel to be his new Matinée Lady.
Wayne told Johnny Carson in a 1974 interview that she enjoyed gardening and growing bonsai trees.
After an argument with Durston, Wayne reportedly left to take a walk on the beach.
Authorities later discovered Durston had checked out of the resort the day the couple argued.
An autopsy performed in Mexico revealed no signs of drugs or alcohol in Wayne's body.
Her biological mother, Carol Hawkins, was the sister of Nat King Cole's wife, Maria.
Carole died, in hospital, while her sister Natalie was in another hospital undergoing kidney transplant surgery.
In 1964, she signed a contract with Columbia Pictures New Talent program, along with friend and colleague Harrison Ford.
For 20 years under her supervision, Nat King Cole posthumously released an album nearly every year.
 Carole Cook Carole Cook is an American actress of musical theatre, film and television.
Landis died of an intentional drug overdose at the age of 29 in July 1948.
At the age of 15, Landis dropped out of San Bernardino High School and set forth on a career path to show business.
She started out as a hula dancer in a San Francisco nightclub and later sang with a dance band.
Landis appeared in a string of successful films in the early '40s, usually as the second female lead.
Landis landed a contract with Twentieth Century-Fox and began a sexual relationship with Darryl F. Zanuck.
When Landis ended her relationship with Zanuck, her career suffered and she was assigned roles in B-movies.
Landis traveled more than 100,000 miles during the war and spent more time visiting troops than any other actress.
After three weeks of marriage, Landis and Wheeler got into an argument and Landis walked out.
Wheeler's lawsuit was later dismissed, and Landis and Wheeler were divorced in 1939.
On July 4, 1940 she married yacht broker Willis Hunt, Jr. in Las Vegas.
While touring Army camps in London in 1942, she met United States Army Air Corps Captain Thomas Wallace.
Harrison was the last person to see her alive, having had dinner with Landis the night before she committed suicide.
Among the celebrities at her funeral were Cesar Romero, Van Johnson, and Pat O'Brien.
Landis has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, at 1765 Vine Street. 
She was particularly noted for her energetic, often off-beat roles in the screwball comedies of the 1930s.
Lombard was born into a wealthy family in Fort Wayne, Indiana, but was raised in Los Angeles by her single mother.
Eager to become an actress, she signed a contract with the Fox Film Corporation at age 16, but mainly played bit parts.
She was dropped by Fox after a car accident left a scar on her face.
Her fame increased when she married William Powell in 1931, but the pair divorced two years later.
Keen to win an Oscar, at the end of the decade, Lombard began to move towards more serious roles.
At the age of 12, this hobby unexpectedly landed Lombard her first screen role.
Lombard was not given the role, but it raised Hollywood's awareness of the aspiring actress.
Her test was seen by the Vitagraph Film Company, which expressed an interest in signing her to a contract.
Fox was happy to use the name Carol, but unlike Vitagraph, disliked her surname.
The majority of Lombard's appearances with Fox were bit parts in low-budget Westerns and adventure films.
Gehring has suggested that a facial scar she obtained in an automobile accident was a factor in this decision.
For the remainder of her career, Lombard learned to hide the mark with make-up and careful lighting.
She appeared in 15 short films between September 1927 and March 1929, and greatly enjoyed her time at the studio.
It gave Lombard her first experiences in comedy and provided valuable training for her future work in the genre.
The following year, Pathé elevated Lombard from a supporting player to a leading lady.
It was a big release for the studio, starring the popular actor Warner Baxter, in which Lombard received third billing.
Following the success of the film, Paramount Pictures recruited Lombard and signed her to a $350-per-week contract .
Despite their disparate personalities, Lombard married Powell on June 6, 1931, at her Beverly Hills home.
Her co-star for the picture was Clark Gable, who was rapidly becoming one of Hollywood's top celebrities.
It was the only picture that Gable and Lombard, future husband and wife, made together.
The director encouraged Lombard to relax, be herself, and act on her instincts.
The performance was considered a satire of Greta Garbo, and was widely praised by critics.
She worked hard on the performance, particularly with finding the appropriate facial expressions for Irene.
It received six nominations at the 9th Academy Awards, including Lombard for Best Actress.
The film focused on a romance between two cabaret performers, and was a critical and commercial success.
Marking her only appearance in Technicolor, the film was highly praised and was one of Lombard's personal favorites.
As his relationship with Lombard became serious, Langham eventually agreed to a settlement worth half a million dollars.
Around this time, Lombard also committed to the Bahá'í Faith, of which her mother was a member.
While continuing with a slower work-rate, Lombard decided to move away from comedies and return to dramatic roles.
Reviews for the film were highly positive, and praised Lombard's dramatic effort; financially, it was a disappointment.
It was nearly a year before Lombard committed to another film, as she focused instead on her home and marriage.
Filming took place in the fall of 1941, and was reportedly one of the happiest experiences of Lombard's career.
Lombard was able to raise over $2 million in defense bonds in a single evening.
Her mother and Winkler were both afraid of flying and insisted they follow their original travel plans.
All 22 aboard, Lombard and her mother included, plus 15 army servicemen, were killed instantly.
Lombard's funeral was held on January 21 at Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery in Glendale, California.
Despite remarrying twice following her death, Gable chose to be interred beside Lombard when he died in 1960.
Lombard had asked him to do that numerous times after the United States had entered World War II.
The ship was involved in rescuing hundreds of survivors from sunken ships in the Pacific and returning them to safety.
However, Mrs. Rath stated, she later learned that Gable settled his claim against the airline for $10.
She was the greatest girl that ever lived and we were the best of pals.
The city named the nearby bridge over the St. Mary's River the Carole Lombard Memorial Bridge. 


Aaron was born as Caroline Sidney Abady in Richmond, Virginia, and is of Jewish heritage.
She has been married to James Foreman since 1981; the couple has two sons.
Her elder sister, Josephine Abady, a theatre director and producer, died from breast cancer on May 25, 2002, aged 52. 


Lagerfelt moved to the United States after college, where she enrolled in the American Academy of Dramatic Arts.
Over the years, she has had a variety of short-term and recurring roles on the daytime soaps.
in this case was played by Norman Parker who ruthlessly cross-examined Emily on the stand.
Caroline Sunshine was born on September 5, 1995 in Atlanta, Georgia, to parents Thom and Karen Sunshine.
She was raised in Orange County, California, and has two younger brothers, John and Christopher .
Sunshine began studying ballet at the age of 3 and landed her first lead role playing Goldilocks in a kindergarten play.

Featured in the film It's a Bikini World as the dancer in Liar, Liar with The Castaways. 

She is a veteran of many stage productions as well as the comedy troupes the Groundlings and the ACME Comedy Theater.
She got married in 2007 then it ended in 2013, she was married to Donald Agnelli.
She won the Miss Ohio USA title in 1979 and competed in the Miss USA pageant. 
Inaba was born and raised in Honolulu, Hawaii, graduating from Punahou School in 1986.
Inaba, who speaks Japanese, lived in Tokyo from 1986 to 1988 and was a popular singer.
Inaba and Mizota would later reprise their roles with Mike Myers in a commercial for Motorola.
After the first season, Inaba announced she would not return to host the show.
Inaba is the founder and President of EnterMediArts, Inc., a video production company.
The lights dimmed just before Inaba's boyfriend, Jesse Sloan, appeared on stage.


 Carrie Fisher Carrie Frances Fisher is an American actress, novelist, screenwriter, and performance artist.
Fisher was born in Beverly Hills, California, the daughter of singer Eddie Fisher and actress Debbie Reynolds.
The following year, her mother married shoe store chain owner Harry Karl, who secretly spent Reynolds's life savings.
Fisher attended Beverly Hills High School, but she left to join her mother on the road.
In 1973, Fisher enrolled at London's Central School of Speech and Drama, which she attended for 18 months.
It became a bestseller, and she received the Los Angeles Pen Award for Best First Novel.
It starred her mother, Debbie Reynolds, as well as Elizabeth Taylor, Joan Collins, and Shirley MacLaine.
However, during an interview in 2004, she said that she no longer did much script doctoring.
In 2005, Women in Film & Video - DC recognized Fisher with the Women of Vision Award.
This episode also featured Vince Vaughn, Hugh Hefner, and Sam Seder in guest roles.
In August 2013, she was selected as a member of the main competition jury at the 2013 Venice Film Festival.
I'd like to wear my old cinnamon buns hairstyle again but with white hair.
Fisher was married to Simon from August 1983 to July 1984, and they dated again for a time after their divorce.
Subsequently, she had a relationship with Creative Artists Agency principal and casting agent Bryan Lourd.
The couple's relationship ended when Lourd left to be in a relationship with another man.
Every time James hears fireworks or anything like that, his heart beats faster, and he gets 'fight or flight.'
You know, he comes from a long line of soldiers dating back to the 10th century.
She was raised Protestant, but often attends Jewish services, the faith of her father, with Orthodox friends.
She was a spokesperson for Jenny Craig, Inc. television ads that aired in January 2011.
Carrie worked in a number of productions for stage, film, video, and television.
There she found a relationship with both a singer and a band that made it into the Tokyo pop charts Top Ten.
Hamilton played an aspiring Broadway star whose mother had also made a run for Broadway fame but failed .
She played the role of Pam, the girlfriend of a would-be bank robber who is forced to relive the same day over and over.
Her father, Joe Hamilton, died in 1991, and her half-brother Jeffrey died in 1997.
Nye was born Caroline Nye McGeoy in Greenwood, Mississippi; her father was a vice president of a local bank.
The film also starred Joan Hackett, Joanna Pettet, Candice Bergen, Kathleen Widdoes, and Shirley Knight.
Nye was married to Dick Cavett, whom she met at Yale, from June 4, 1964, until her death.
Nye and Cavett bought Tick Hall, a house in Montauk, New York, designed by Stanford White.
Nye died of lung cancer on July 14, 2006, at her Manhattan home.
She is interred in the Lutheran All Faiths Cemetery in Middle Village, Queens, New York. 
 Carrie Preston Carrie Preston is an American film and television actress, producer and director.
Preston has worked with her husband, actor Michael Emerson, on a number of projects.
Preston is co-owner of the production company Daisy 3 Pictures with James Vasquez and Mark Holmes.
She is also the co-founder of a personalized children's book company launched in 2011.
The 13-episode limited series aired from July 22, 2008 to October 14, 2008.
Underwood was born March 10, 1983 in Muskogee, Oklahoma, the daughter of Carole and Stephen Underwood.
She was raised on her parents' farm in the nearby rural town of Checotah.
She later sang for local events in Checotah, including Old Settler's Day and the Lion's Club.
A local admirer arranged for her to go to Nashville when she was 14 to audition for Capitol Records.
In 1996, Capitol Records was preparing a contract for Underwood but cancelled it when company management changed.
While at Checotah High School, she was an Honor Society member, a cheerleader, and played basketball and softball.
She spent part of one of her summers as a page for Oklahoma State Representative Bobby Frame.
She also waited tables at a pizzeria, worked at a zoo, and at a veterinary clinic.
For two years during the summer, she performed in Northeastern State University's Downtown Country show in Tahlequah.
She also competed in numerous beauty pageants at the university and was selected as Miss NSU runner-up in 2004.
One of the show's producers later said she dominated the voting, winning every week handily.
1 on the Hot 100 and the song became the first song from a country artist to go to No.
It sold nearly one million copies and was certified gold by the RIAA and double platinum by the CRIA.
Additionally, it was the best-selling female country album of 2005, 2006 and 2007.
The song sold over two million copies and was certified double Platinum by the RIAA.
At the 40th Annual Country Music Association Awards she won both the Horizon Award and Female Vocalist of the Year.
She won one Grammy Award that night, for Best Female Country Vocal Performance, and performed the song at the ceremony.
The album is certified triple Platinum by the RIAA, for sales of over three million.
At the 2008 Academy of Country Music Awards, she won Female Vocalist of the Year, for the 2nd consecutive time.
For the 44th Academy of Country Music Awards, in 2009, Underwood was nominated for four major awards.
On October 22, 2008, Underwood unveiled her wax figure at Madame Tussauds New York.
The song reached number two on the AC Chart, and remained there for three consecutive weeks.
As a songwriter, she has also received a Golden Globe Award nomination and won ten BMI Awards.
She is of Polish descent, which has given rise to a rumor that her birth name was Karolina Piekarski.
According to Baker, her mother struggled as a single parent, and the family was poor for much of her upbringing.
At eighteen, she moved with her family to St. Petersburg, Florida, where she attended St. Petersburg College .
In 1951, Baker moved to New York City, where she rented a dirt floor basement apartment in Queens.
By the eighties, Baker had largely become a character actor, and was based in London.
Her acting career spanned 50 years, and more than 80 roles in film, television, and theater.
In 2011, Baker attended the Tennessee Williams/New Orleans Literary Festival in celebration of Williams' 100th birthday.
Baker has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 1725 Vine Street, which was erected on February 8, 1960.
In 2001, a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs, California, Walk of Stars was also dedicated to her.
I never had a formal education, and I've always had such a respect for writing.
Baker alleged that Ritter had raped her when she was still a virgin in the early stages of their relationship.
She was a drama student at UC Berkeley at the time she took the role.
She attended Marin Academy in San Rafael, California and the John Woolman School in Nevada City, California.
Discovered in San Francisco, she was initially signed to Elite Model Management by John Casablancas.
She is on the advisory board of the Model Alliance and an ambassador for the National Eating Disorders Association.
 Caryl Lincoln Caryl Lincoln was an American film actress of the late 1920s into the very early 1950s.
Pretty, petite, and talented, she would star in ten films from 1927 to the end of 1928.
She was a friend of actress Barbara Stanwyck, through whom she would meet Stanwyck's brother, Byron Stevens.
She and Stevens would marry in 1934, and remain together until his death in 1964.
She died on February 20, 1983, in the Woodland Hills area of Los Angeles, California. 
She was the great-great-granddaughter of Robert Wood Johnson I, co-founder of Johnson & Johnson.
She was raised in the New York City borough of Manhattan along with her sisters, Daisy and Jaime.
Johnson was also sued by a nanny service who won a $20,000 judgement against her.
On December 9, 2009, Johnson announced via Ustream video that she and reality television star Tila Tequila were engaged.
An unidentified 911 caller reported that Johnson was ice cold and her hands had turned blue.
On February 4, 2010, the Los Angeles Coroner's Office announced that she had died of diabetic ketoacidosis.
She was reported to have neglected to take insulin and therefore died due to lack of proper medical treatment.
Her father, Paul O. Wilson, is a political strategist and consultant who runs campaigns for Republican party candidates.
Under Kathy's leadership, the NWPC endorsed Walter Mondale in the 1984 presidential election.
Kathy died of heart failure at age 54 in Rehoboth Beach, Delaware on September 1, 2005.
Wilson married comedy writer David Caspe on May 25, 2014 in Ojai, California in a traditional Jewish wedding service.
The ceremony was officiated by Wilson's brother Fletcher, who became a Universal Life minister for the event.
Her father Paul Wilson serves as president, with Casey and her brother Fletcher serving as vice presidents.
 Cass Daley Cass Daley , was an American radio, television and film actress, singer, and comedienne.
In the 1930s, she began a stage career appearing in the 1936-1937 Ziegfeld Follies.
A shard of glass jammed into her throat and she bled to death before her husband came home and discovered her.
Cass Daley was buried along the roadside in Section 8 , at Hollywood Forever Cemetery in Hollywood, California. 

During her teens, Peterson worked as a go-go dancer in a local gay bar.
She is a vegetarian and has appeared in a humorous Halloween-themed ad for PETA promoting a vegetarian diet.
Peterson's Elvira character rapidly gained notice with her tight-fitting, low-cut, cleavage-displaying black gown.
With little budget left for promotion, Cassandra and Mark screened the film at AIDS charity fund raisers across America.
For the many people in attendance, this was the first opportunity to see the woman behind the Elvira character.
On July 5, 2002, Elvira's Haunted Hills had its official premiere in Hollywood.
She and fellow investor, Marvel Comics legend Stan Lee, were guests of honor at the inaugural Comikaze Expo in 2011.
Davis returned to Spelman in 2008 to complete her degree, graduating in November of that year.
She has credited her devout, born-again Christian faith as the main reason behind her professional success. 
She lived on a ranch in Vanuatu until she was 5 years old after which her family moved to New Haven, Missouri.

Scerbo was raised in Parkland, Florida and played soccer for the Parkland Soccer Club.
She never formally graduated high school, but she did attend Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida.
Scerbo was chosen as one of the five members out of over 1,000 fellow applicants.
In the midst of 2007 as the group began working on their sophomore record the group was confirmed to have split.
The pilot was filmed in late 2006 but was not picked up by Disney Channel.
Scerbo portrayed the role of a skilled gymnast named Lauren Tanner who aspires to make it to the Olympic Games.
In January 2012, ABC Family renewed the series for a third and final season.
 Catalina Yue Catalina Yue is a Canadian and American singer, songwriter, actress, model and businesswoman.
Bach was born in Warren, Ohio, the daughter of Norma Jean Kucera , an acupuncturist, and Bernard Bachman, a rancher.
She is descended from the Verdugo family, one of California's earliest landed families.
She studied arts at UCLA where she supplemented her income by making clothes for friends and theatre groups.
She starred on that show, opposite Tom Wopat, John Schneider and James Best.
At the suggestion of the show's producers, Bach posed as Daisy Duke for a poster, which sold 5 million copies.
After the series was ended, Bach had roles in a number of low-profile films.
On April 30, 2010, 60-year-old Lopez was found shot dead in an apparent suicide. 
She is the daughter of Mina, a personal assistant and nurse, and Peter Bell, an architect.
When she returned to California, she studied acting at the Beverly Hills Playhouse with Milton Katselas.
She also worked as a massage therapist, and her clients included singer Peter Gabriel.
She is fond of motorcycling, skiing, snowboarding and kick-boxing, which she has been practicing for over 10 years.
Her hobbies include cross-stitching and making model cars, which she has done since age 8.
Bell was the grand marshal of the NASCAR Nextel Cup Series race at Dover International Speedway on June 3, 2007.
During the Hollywood writers' strike, Bell took flying lessons in a Cirrus SR22.
In December 2005 Bell helped promote the gala opening of the Citizens Commission on Human Rights, .
 Catherine Burns Catherine Burns is an American actress of stage, film, radio and television.
The role also brought her the 1970 Kansas City Film Critics Circle Award for Best Supporting Actress.
She continued on television throughout the 1970s and into the mid-1980s, when she turned from acting to writing.
Dent was born in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, the daughter of Eleanor Brown and Fred C. Dent, a politician.

She earned a BA degree at Scripps College and a MFA at San Francisco State University.
Lynch reports that she began meditating at the same time as him during this period.
 Catherine Hickland Catherine Hickland is an American singer, businesswoman, hypnotist, author, and actress.
Hickland was born and raised in Fort Lauderdale, Florida and graduated from Fort Lauderdale High School in 1974.
After six months, she made a commercial for the airlines and left for Los Angeles to study acting.
From March 24, 1984 to March 1, 1989, Hickland was married to David Hasselhoff.
 Catherine Hicks Catherine Mary Hicks is an American television, film, and stage actress.
Hicks was born in New York City, the daughter of Jackie, a homemaker, and Walter Hicks, an electronics salesman.
She was a cheerleader at Gerard Catholic High School in Phoenix, Arizona and a member of The National Honor Society .
Two weeks after arriving in New York, she landed her first major TV role as the newly recovered pediatrician Dr.
The program aired on CBS from October 6, 1982, sporadically into August, 1983.
She played Allison Ploutzer in the 1992, Jeff Franklin ABC comedy pilot, Up To No Good.
Going into production, after the concept of the character was changed, she was replaced by Jan Hooks.
In 2005, Hicks appeared in a national public service announcement for Catholic Relief Services.
In 2010, she made appearances in several public service announcements for the Children's Advertising Review Unit .
Keener is also the noted muse of director Nicole Holofcener having appeared in every work of hers to date.
She is of Irish descent on her father's side and of Lebanese descent on her mother's.
Her brother Michael was a Catholic priest for many years, serving at St. Peter and Paul in Miami.
Although she struggled professionally over the next few years one low-quality project had an unexpected dividend.
She played Jerry's girlfriend, an artist who painted a famous portrait of Kramer.
She attended New York University's Graduate Acting Program at the Tisch School of the Arts, graduating in 1995.
Her parents are George and Martha Kellner, who, in May 1970, survived the crash of ALM Flight 980 in the Caribbean.
 Catherine Lloyd Burns Catherine Lloyd Burns is an actress and writer, living in Brooklyn with her family.
It was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize at the Sundance Film Festivals in 2000.
In 2001, it was nominated for an Independent Spirit Award as the best feature made for under $500,000.
The book is a biography, from the point of view of the author's mother.
She acted in a Los Angeles little theater and studied in the Bliss-Hayden drama workshop.
She worked in a movie theater in Reno and later became a chorus girl in musicals.
In both roles she played the wife of the murder victim, but was neither the defendant nor actual murderer.
O'Hara was born in Toronto, Ontario, into a large family of Irish descent.
She attended Burnhamthorpe Collegiate Institute, where she first met Robin Duke, who went on to her own comedy career.
Catherine started her comedy career in 1974 as a cast member of The Second City in her native Toronto.
O'Hara has appeared in a number of television series and television films, and continues to work in television.
O'Hara continued to appear in many films during the 1990s and the beginning of the twenty-first century.
She also appeared in episodes 6, 10 and 11 on the tenth and final series of the UK Whose Line is it anyway?
On June 9, 2007, O'Hara was inducted into Canada's Walk of Fame.
On February 28, 2010, she spoke at the Closing Ceremonies of the Vancouver 2010 Winter Olympics.
Princess Elizabeth is the only daughter of Prince Paul of Yugoslavia and Princess Olga of Greece and Denmark.
Van Dien has two children from his previous marriage, of whom he has full custody .
Oxenberg is 1375th in the line of succession to the throne of the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth Realms. 

She also voiced Amidala in the related Star Wars video games, as well as the character Vette in '.
She moved to England, then France, in order to begin her childhood education.
She died on August 19, 1997, in Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Los Angeles, California, at age 82.
According to the Internet Movie Database, Cordell's cause of death was emphysema; her burial is unknown. 

A former Vogue cover model, she was brought to Hollywood in 1944 by a 20th Century-Fox talent scout.
She was unemployed the remaining eleven years of her life before she died in Los Angeles, California.
Downs has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for her contribution to Television, at 6646 Hollywood Boulevard.
She was married first to Joe Kirkwood, Jr. who played the character Joe Palooka in films and on TV.
They had long been out of touch, when, in 1976 Kirkwood heard that Downs was in dire financial circumstances.
Kirkwood was setting up a trust fund for her when he learned she had died of cancer at the age of 52.
 Cathy Haase Cathy Haase is an American stage and film actress, writer and educator.
Since 1996, she has taught acting at the School of Visual Arts in New York City.
In the early 1980s she worked in Germany where she appeared in half a dozen films.
 Cathy Jenéen Doe Cathy Jenéen Doe , also credited as Cathy Doe, is an American actress.
 Cathy Ladman Cathy Ladman is an American stand-up comedian, television writer, and actor.
Joe Theismann responded by counter-suing her, which ultimately led to an out-of-court settlement between the two.
Graydon agrees with reluctance to send his mules, laden with dynamite into the rival camp.
Cathy Lewis died of cancer on November 20, 1968, the ninth anniversary of her father's death. 
Moriarty was born in The Bronx, the daughter of Irish Catholic immigrants Catherine and John Moriarty .
In 1982, she was severely injured in an automobile accident and required back surgery.
Although the film was eventually released in 1990, Moriarty was no longer connected with the production.
Moriarty's performance earned a nomination for Best Actress in a Short at the Jersey Shore Shorts Film Festival.
In 1981, Moriarty married theatrical manager Carmine D'Anna and moved into a home in Malibu, California.
On August 28, 1999, Moriarty and financier Joseph Gentile married on Long Island.
 Cathy O'Donnell Cathy O'Donnell was an American actress, best known for her many roles in film-noir films.
At the age of 46, O'Donnell died of a cancer-related cerebral hemorrhage, on the date of her 22nd wedding anniversary. 

As a director she shared a Directors Guild of America Award for an afterschool special. 
Her father was born in Shepherd's Bush and was of Greek and Jewish descent.
Raised in Beverly Hills, Sassoon did some modeling as child with her mother Beverly and appeared on several talks shows.
By the age of 13, Sassoon began rebelling and piercing her nose and styled her hair in a purple and white mohawk.
She moved to New York City where she signed with the Prestige Agency and enrolled at Professional Children's School.
Her modeling career quickly took off and she became one of New York's top teen models.
Vidal Sassoon consented to marriage on the condition that the two were married in a Jewish ceremony at his home.
By age 21, Sassoon was battling a serious addiction to drugs and eventually entered a drug rehabilitation facility.
Beverly Sassoon spoke about her addiction to alcohol and stated that she was three years sober.
In addition to acting, Sassoon was also the lead singer of an all female group, Feline Force.
In 1995, Sassoon gave birth to a son, London Vidal, whom she named in honor of her father's birthplace.
In the spring of 2000, she gave birth to twin girls, Mycca and Skye.
On New Year's Eve 2001, Sassoon and her husband attended a New Year's party at a friend's home.
Sassoon complained of feeling unwell, left the party and returned to her home in the Hollywood Hills.
At about 9:20 a.m. the following day New Year's Day 2002, Sassoon's husband went to check on her and found her dead.
Sassoon had a history of high blood pressure and family members believed her death to be a heart attack.
Her family maintained that she had long since kicked her drug habit and was clean and sober at the time of her death.
A toxicology report later revealed that Sassoon died of a heart attack brought on by an overdose of hydromorphone.
Her first show business job was in the chorus line of 'Mademoiselle Modiste' at the age of eighteen.
She worked as a vaudeville comedienne at the Palace in New York till commencement of her movie career in 1929.
She graduated from University High School for Girls in Chicago, where she performed in many school stage productions.
She then studied drama at the University of Chicago before becoming a stage actress in the late 1930s.
She remained active for social causes as a spokesperson for UNICEF, and for occasional professional engagements.
From 1995 she was Chairman of the Board of Arts Horizons, a not-for-profit arts-in-education organization.
In 2006, Holm was presented with a Lifetime Achievement Award by the SunDeis Film Festival at Brandeis University.
She received an honorary award during the dinner banquet at the close of the event.
In June 2012, Holm was admitted to New York's Roosevelt Hospital with dehydration.
 Celeste Thorson Celeste Thorson is an American actress, model, screenwriter, and activist.
Her father was born in South Korea and was adopted as a young child by the Thorson family in Colorado.
At the age of 17, Thorson returned to the United States and moved to Los Angeles, CA to pursue political activism.
Despite her father's death in the same year, she found success and fulfillment in non-profit work.
She has committed her career to raising awareness and support for charitable causes around the world.
Thorson's first television appearances were for two consecutive Sprint commercials directed by Brian Beletic.
She also gave a cameo appearance in the Rolling Stones music video, Rain Fall Down, directed by Jonas Akerlund.
It has broadcast on the Water Channel, MTV2 and in over 60 countries around the world.
With the help of stunt pilots Thorson also did aerobatic maneuvers in the L-39 Albatros fighter jet.
“I really enjoyed the Asia Model Festival Awards, and was honored to receive the Model Star award.
The show was beautiful and the fashion of Blumarine, Jong-Sun, EXR, Ran Style & Lie Sang Bong was inspiring.
I especially enjoyed meeting Iza Calzado, Ai Dai, Super Junior, and Angel Agustin they were very sweet.
On July 2, 2010, she was married to Nazim Artist in a small ceremony in Ventura, California. 
She was married three times, to actor Lazar Freed, theatrical manager Jack Cone, and businessman Nathan Forman.
She is buried in the Yiddish Theatre Section of Mount Hebron Cemetery having died from a heart attack 
When she was one year old, her family moved to Wilmington, Delaware, where her brother, Johnny, was born.
And it was her game, and her show, and it's like she had it all together and everybody just seemed to fall into place.
Other guest stars in the segment were Richard Carlson and Mort Mills, who were cast as military officers.

 Celina Jade Celina Jade , is a Chinese American actress, model, and singer.
Jade was born in Hong Kong to American kung fu star Roy Horan and a Chinese mother .
During the same year, she lent her voice as a character in the Square Enix game Sleeping Dogs.
At age 14, Jade won an Asia-wide singing competition, which led to a record deal with Japanese producer, Tetsuya Komuro.
In July, 2000, she performed alongside Namie Amuro at the G8 Summit in Okinawa, Japan for the World Leaders.
In 2009, she left Golden Typhoon and signed with Terry McBride, CEO of Nettwerk Music Group .
The CAR covers a land area of about and had an estimated population of around 4.7 million as of 2014.
Ange-Félix Patassé became president, but was later removed by General François Bozizé in the 2003 coup.
Production of copper, salt, dried fish, and textiles dominated the economic trade in the Central African region.
The European penetration of Central African territory began in the late 19th century during the Scramble for Africa.
Europeans, primarily the French, Germans, and Belgians, arrived in the area in 1885.
With all opposition parties suppressed by November 1962, Dacko declared MESAN as the official party of the state.
Dacko, in turn, was again overthrown in a coup by General André Kolingba on 1 September 1981.
By 1990, inspired by the fall of the Berlin Wall, a pro-democracy movement arose.
A new constitution was approved on 28 December 1994 but had little impact on the country's politics.
On 28 May 2001, rebels stormed strategic buildings in Bangui in an unsuccessful coup attempt.
In March 2003, Bozizé launched a surprise attack against Patassé, who was out of the country.
François Bozizé suspended the constitution and named a new cabinet which included most opposition parties.
Abel Goumba was named vice-president, which gave Bozizé's new government a positive image.
In 2004 the Central African Republic Bush War began as forces opposed to Bozizé took up arms against his government.
The Central African Republic is a landlocked nation within the interior of the African continent.
Much of the country consists of flat or rolling plateau savanna approximately above sea level.
Most of the northern half lies within the World Wildlife Fund's East Sudanian savanna ecoregion.
In addition to the Fertit Hills in the northeast of the CAR, there are scattered hills in the southwest regions.
In the northwest is the Yade Massif, a granite plateau with an altitude of .
The forests are highly diverse and include commercially important species of Ayous, Sapelli and Sipo.
The deforestation rate is about 0.4% per annum, and lumber poaching is commonplace.
In 2008, Central African Republic was the world's least light pollution affected country.
In the southwest, the Dzanga-Sangha National Park is located in a rain forest area.
During the wet season, rainstorms are an almost daily occurrence, and early morning fog is commonplace.
The economic prefectures are Nana-Grébizi and Sangha-Mbaéré, while the commune is the capital city of Bangui.
In 1960, the population was 1,232,000; as of a 2014 UN estimate, it is approximately 4,709,000.
The United Nations estimates that approximately 11% of the population aged between 15 and 49 is HIV positive.
The nation is divided into over 80 ethnic groups, each having its own language.
Indigenous belief is also practiced, and many indigenous beliefs are incorporated into Christian and Islamic practice.
CAR is one of the few African countries to have an African language as their official language.
Basketball is the country's most popular sport and a good way to connect with its people.
Politics in the Central African Republic formally take place in a framework of a semi-presidential republic.
In this system, the President is the head of state, with a Prime Minister as head of government.
Changes in government have occurred in recent years by three methods: violence, negotiations, and elections.
A new constitution was approved by voters in a referendum held on 5 December 2004.
The government was rated 'Partly Free' from 1991 to 2001 and from 2004 to 2013.
The president is elected by popular vote for a six-year term, and the prime minister is appointed by the president.
The National Assembly has 105 members, elected for a five-year term using the two-round system.
Like many other former French colonies, the Central African Republic's legal system is based on French law.
There is also a Constitutional Court, and its judges are also appointed by the president.
On 1 April, the former opposition parties declared that they would boycott the government.
The council was tasked with electing a president to serve prior to elections in 18 months.
In late January Catherine Samba-Panza became the Interim President, and André Nzapayeké, the Interim Prime Minister.
Its largest export partner is Belgium , followed by China , the Democratic Republic of Congo , Indonesia , and France .
For most Central Africans, the informal economy of the CAR is more important than the formal economy.
The CAR is a member of the Organization for the Harmonization of Business Law in Africa .
From Brazzaville, goods are transported by rail to Pointe-Noire, Congo's Atlantic port.
Since at least 2002 there have been plans to connect Bangui by rail to the Transcameroon Railway.
The Central African Republic primarily uses hydroelectricity as there are few other resources for energy.
Public education in the Central African Republic is free and is compulsory from ages 6 to 14.
In 2007, female life expectancy at birth was 48.2 years and male life expectancy at birth was 45.1 years.
As of 2010, the country had the 4th highest maternal mortality rate in the world.
Government expenditure on health was US$20 per person in 2006 and 10.9% of total government expenditure in 2006.
Freedom of speech is addressed in the country's , but there have been incidents of government intimidation of the media.
Vincent was born on February 7, 1979 in Las Vegas, Nevada, to parents of Italian descent.
Vincent loved to perform from an early age, encouraged by her mother, who was a dance instructor.
She performed in a Christmas production at Diskin Elementary School, learning the lines for all the characters.
In 1996, at the age of sixteen, Vincent won the Miss Nevada Teen USA title and competed at Miss Teen USA.
Though she made it to the top 15, she failed to place at the pageant , which was held in Las Cruces, New Mexico.
Vincent found the role challenging, never having appeared nude in a film, or even auditioned for a nude role.
During the course of filming, however, she became more comfortable with the character.
 Chad Chad , officially the Republic of Chad , is a landlocked country in Central Africa.
Lake Chad, after which the country is named, is the largest wetland in Chad and the second-largest in Africa.
Beginning in the 7th millennium BC, human populations moved into the Chadian basin in great numbers.
France conquered the territory by 1920 and incorporated it as part of French Equatorial Africa.
Resentment towards his policies in the Muslim north culminated in the eruption of a long-lasting civil war in 1965.
In 1979, the rebels conquered the capital and put an end to the south's hegemony.
For more than 2,000 years, the Chadian Basin has been inhabited by agricultural and sedentary people.
The earliest of these were the legendary Sao, known from artifacts and oral histories.
By 1920, France had secured full control of the colony and incorporated it as part of French Equatorial Africa.
Only the Sara of the south was governed effectively; French presence in the Islamic north and east was nominal.
The largest political party was the Chadian Progressive Party , based in the southern half of the colony.
In 1979 the rebel factions conquered the capital, and all central authority in the country collapsed.
Libya moved to fill the power vacuum and became involved in Chad's civil war.
The president favoured his own Daza ethnic group and discriminated against his former allies, the Zaghawa.
Chadians approved a new constitution by referendum, and in 1996, Déby easily won a competitive presidential election.
In 2006 and in 2008 rebel forces have attempted to take the capital by force, but have on both occasions failed.
Chad is in north central Africa, lying between latitudes 7° and 24°N, and 13° and 24°E.
The region's tall grasses and extensive marshes make it favourable for birds, reptiles, and large mammals.
The Sahara gives way to a Sahelian belt in Chad's centre; precipitation there varies from per year.
In the Saharan region, the only flora is the date-palm groves of the oasis.
The southern, or Sudanic, zone consists of broad grasslands or prairies suitable for grazing.
Elephant poaching, particularly in the south of the country in areas such as Zakouma National Park, is a severe problem.
Extensive deforestation has resulted in loss of trees such as acacias, baobab, dates and palm trees.
2005 estimates place Chad's population at 10,146,000; 25.8% live in urban areas and 74.8% in rural ones.
The birth rate is estimated at 42.35 births per 1,000 people, the mortality rate at 16.69.
Urban life is virtually restricted to the capital, whose population is mostly engaged in commerce.
Nevertheless, Chad's peoples may be classified according to the geographical region in which they live.
Chad's official business languages are French and Arabic, but over 100 languages and dialects are spoken.
Of the others, 20% were Roman Catholic, 14% Protestant, 10% animist, while 3% didn't profess any religion.
The majority of Muslims in the country are adherents of a moderate branch of mystical Islam .
Members of the Bahá'í and Jehovah's Witnesses religious communities also are present in the country.
Itinerant Muslim preachers, primarily from Sudan, Saudi Arabia, and Pakistan, also visit.
Chad's constitution provides for a strong executive branch headed by a president who dominates the political system.
Despite the constitution's guarantee of judicial independence, the president names most key judicial officials.
It has the power to review legislation, treaties and international agreements prior to their adoption.
The body consists of 155 members elected for four-year terms who meet three times per year.
Until the legalisation of opposition parties in 1992, Déby's MPS was the sole legal party in Chad.
Chad's greatest foreign influence is France, which maintains 1,000 soldiers in the country.
Chad had the fourth highest score on the Failed State Index of 2012 and as of 2013, is ranked fifth.
Since its first inclusion on the index in 2004, Chad's best score has been 2/10 for 2011.
The departments are divided into 200 sub-prefectures, which are in turn composed of 446 cantons.
Presently, the Union of Resistance Forces or UFR are a rebel group that continues to battle with the government of Chad.
In 2010, the UFR reportedly had a force estimating 6,000 men and 300 vehicles.
In Chad, the Gendarmerie Nationale serves as the national police force for the country.
In the 1960s, the Mining industry of Chad produced sodium carbonate, or natron.
In 2000 major direct foreign investment in the oil sector began, boosting the country's economic prospects.
Over 80% of Chad's population relies on subsistence farming and livestock raising for its livelihood.
In the Sahel only the hardier varieties of millet grow, and these with much lower yields than in the south.
According to the United Nations, Chad has been affected by a humanitarian crisis since at least 2001.
In addition, organizations such as Save the Children have suspended activities due to killings of aid workers.
Civil war crippled the development of transport infrastructure; in 1987, Chad had only of paved roads.
Nevertheless, the road network is limited; roads are often unusable for several months of the year.
An international airport serves the capital and provides regular nonstop flights to Paris and several African cities.
At the beginning of the 20th century, a railway system was in development near Lake Chad.
As a condition of its assistance, the World Bank insisted that 80% of oil revenues be spent on development projects.
Only 14,000 fixed telephone lines serve all of Chad, one of the lowest telephone density rates in the world.
In September 2010 the penetration rate was estimated at 24.3% over a population estimate of 10.7 million.
Chad ranked number 148 out of 148 overall in the 2014 NRI ranking, down from 142 in 2013.
At 33 percent, Chad has one of the lowest literacy rates of Sub-Saharan Africa.
A more recent DOL report listed cattle herding as a major agricultural activity that employed underage children.
Because of its great variety of peoples and languages, Chad possesses a rich cultural heritage.
The music group Chari Jazz formed in 1964 and initiated Chad's modern music scene.
Later, more renowned groups such as African Melody and International Challal attempted to mix modernity and tradition.
Among the most internationally renowned writers are Joseph Brahim Seïd, Baba Moustapha, Antoine Bangui and Koulsy Lamko.
In addition to producing, she has also played the main character in both movies.
Born as Kerry Charae Fontane in Los Angeles, to singer Tony Fontane and his wife, actress Kerry Vaughn Fontane.
The movie told about her father's rise to popularity as a teen idol and his subsequent tragedies and successes.
She had one child, Shaun Fontane, a son born to her and her first husband, Sergio Consani.
Char Fontane died at age 55 on April 1, 2007, in Marietta, Georgia from breast cancer. 
 Charis Michelsen Charis Elisa Michelsen is an American actress, a former model and a make-up artist.
Holt was born on April 28, 1928, in Snyder, Texas, to Malcolm C. and Verna Vesta Stavely, née Chandler.
After she graduated from high school in Hagerman, New Mexico, she attended McMurry University in Abilene, Texas.
The contest was held in the Crystal Suite of the Savoy Hilton Hotel in New York.
In all, she performed in over 20 TV and film productions between 1962 and 1980.
Holt married William A. Tishman, a millionaire builder in Los Angeles on October 7, 1966.
Tilton was born in San Diego, California, the daughter of Katherine Thacker, a secretary.
Tilton was married to country singer Johnny Lee from 1982 to 1984 and to Domenick Allen from 1985 to 1992.
In 2009, after 8 years together, Tilton's fiance Cheddy Hart died suddenly from heart failure at the age of 54.
I grew up with a mentally ill single mother raising me and no father figure in my life.
I remember the day I met the force of nature that is Larry Hagman like it was yesterday.
Prior to her TV uncle's death, she'd kept in touch with Hagman, and was invited to his 70th birthday party in 2001. 
 Charlize Theron Charlize Theron is a South African and American actress, producer and fashion model.
In the late 2000s, she moved into the field of producing, both in television and film.
The shooting was legally adjudged to have been self-defence and her mother faced no charges.
At 13, Theron was sent to boarding school and began her studies at the National School of the Arts in Johannesburg.
After Theron spent a year modeling throughout Europe, she and her mother moved to New York City and Miami, Florida.
When the teller refused to cash it, Theron engaged in a shouting match with him.
The stunt alarmed FIFA enough for it to fear she might do it again in front of a live global audience.
Directed by Jason Reitman, the film earned critical acclaim especially for Theron's performance.
The project is committed to supporting community-engaged organizations that address the key drivers of the disease.
She recorded a public service announcement in 2014 as part of their Stop Rape Now program.
In December 2009, CTAOP and TOMS Shoes partnered to create a limited edition unisex shoe.
Ten-thousand pairs were given to destitute children, and a portion of the proceeds went to CTAOP.
She has publicly stated that she refuses to get married until same sex marriage is legal in the United States.
In February 2006, she and her loan-out corporation were sued by Weil for breach of contract.
In 2007 Theron became a naturalized citizen of the United States, while retaining her South African citizenship.
In early 2014, she began dating actor Sean Penn, but it was reported that they had split in late June 2015.
In July 2009, she was diagnosed with a serious stomach virus, thought to be contracted while traveling overseas.
 Charlotte Ayanna Charlotte Ayanna is a Puerto Rican American actress and former Miss Teen USA.
Ayanna was born in San Juan, Puerto Rico, but moved to Vermont at an early age.
She also starred opposite Martin Freeman from The Office in the Parisian band, Ilya's music video, Bellissima.
Aug 1993 USA Today Good Morning America with Joan Lunden, August 1993 Today Show, August 1993 
She joined Essanay Studio which she sued in 1919 for $25,000 for breach of contract.
Her salary had been $200 a week with an option for her services at the rate of $300 a week for a second year.
Instead, she accepted a role as leading lady in a film featuring Henry B. Wallace.
She admitted that she was paid for ten weeks, at $200 per week, prior to being dumped by Essanay.
The company of American and Canadian players spent a week in Long Beach, California, filming water scenes.
Charlotte Burton Stuart died at Good Samaritan Hospital in Los Angeles, California in 1942 from a heart attack.
She was survived by her second husband, Darrell Stuart, a daughter, Mrs. Charlotte Coombs, and two sisters. 
Born in Philadelphia, Greenwood started in vaudeville, and starred on Broadway, movies and radio.
Standing around six feet tall, she was best known for her long legs and high kicks.
This role made her a star; she reprised it in the 1929 movie of the same name.
A Paramount talent scout saw Charlotte in the play and arranged a screen test on a Monday morning.
The huge cast was impressive, but their make-ups made it hard to tell who was who.
Despite the success of that particular film and perhaps Charlotte's most remembered role, they released her.
However, she continued to make movies, although the lower budgets of some of the productions sometimes let her down.
Afterwards she played leads in one and two reel comedies and appeared in important parts in longer features.
Merriam was later married to freelance actor, Don Douglas, who died in 1946.
In January 1931 Merriam was operated on for an emergency appendicitis in San Francisco, California.
She was in the bay area to participate in the entertainment for an automobile show.
She supported Charlie Chaplin on numerous occasions, and also appeared in several very early Laurel and Hardy comedies.
She received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Best Actress in a Comedy in 1982.
For the first ten years or so of her life, Rae's family lived in Milwaukee, then moved to Shorewood, Wisconsin.
When a radio personality told her that her last name wouldn't do, she dropped it, to her father's chagrin.
She moved to New York City in 1948, where she performed in the theater and nightclubs.
In 2007, she appeared in a cabaret show at the Plush Room in San Francisco for several performances.
Her character proved to be so popular that producers decided to do an episode that could lead to a spinoff.
Unfortunately, the character of Beverly was not as popular with viewers as Mrs. Garrett had been.
The same day, Nancy McKeon and Kim Fields also gave a speech in honor of her 85th birthday.
In the mid 1970s he came out as bisexual and the couple divorced in 1976.
Strauss died in 2011 at age 90 following a long battle with Parkinson's disease.
In 2009, due to the frequency of pancreatic cancer in her own family, Rae was screened and diagnosed early.
Her mother, an uncle, and her elder sister Beverly all died of the disease.
She was reportedly domineering and manipulative in the management of her daughters' Broadway and film careers.
The Taylor murder was followed by sensationalized and often fabricated newspaper reports which fed years of scandal.
Shelby owned a .38 calibre revolver along with unusual bullets which were similar to the one which had killed Taylor.
When this became public years later, she reportedly threw the pistol into a Louisiana bayou.
She was originally buried in a private and locked section at Forest Lawn Memorial Park, Glendale.
Mary Miles Minter later had her mother's remains, along with those of her sister Margaret, cremated and scattered. 
After he had given her a list of single syllable surnames, she chose Carr.
She won the role of Liesl over Geraldine Chaplin, Patty Duke, Mia Farrow, Lesley Ann Warren and Sharon Tate.
She owns and operates an interior design firm, Charmian Carr Designs, in Encino, California.


Noble was born Nancy Mueller in Cheektowaga, New York, to Irene and Fred Mueller.
Peretti was born and raised in Oakland, California, the daughter of an Italian American father and Jewish mother.
She moved to New York in 1996 to attend Barnard College and graduated in 2000.
Tavares was born in Panorama City, Los Angeles, California and is of Cape Verdean descent.
Leigh began acting at the age of six and studied theater at Collin College in Plano, Texas.
She also has worked for Radio Disney as a DJ and also voice-over promotions and commercials for ABC Radio for 10 years.
Leigh married fellow actor Jon Christie on April 13, 2014, whom she had been dating since 2010. 
 Cheri Caffaro Cheri Caffaro is an American actress who appeared mainly in low-budget exploitation films in the 1970s.
Her missions involved busting up seedy wrongdoers involved in drugs, prostitution, and white slavery.
The series premiered on April 19, 2009 and moved to Comedy Central in May 2010.
She also played a tooth fairy on Imagination Movers, a regular on the Playhouse Disney block.
 Cherie Currie Cherie Ann Currie is an American musician, singer, songwriter, actress and artist.
Currie was the lead vocalist of the Runaways, a rock band from Los Angeles, in the mid-to-late 1970s.
Then she teamed up with her identical twin sister, Marie Currie, and released an album with her.
After three albums with the Runaways, , Currie went on to be a solo artist.
She received strong reviews for her acting debut, and because of this film she received many roles in other films.
Currie was married to actor Robert Hays on May 12, 1990, and they had one son together, Jake Hays.
She has been doing chainsaw art since 2002 and opened her own gallery in 2005 in Chatsworth, California.
She is considered to be one of the foremost theater actresses in the United States.
Jones was born in Paris, Tennessee, to a high school teacher mother and a flower shop owner father.
While at CMU, she was one of the earliest actors to work at City Theatre, a prominent fixture of Pittsburgh theatre.
In 1995, when Jones accepted her first Tony Award, she thanked her then girlfriend, architect Mary O'Connor.
Arutt has appeared as an expert on television in local, national and international programs.
She is currently in private practice in Beverly Hills, and also works as an expert witness and media consultant. 
She had no agent and was working as a maid in a motel in Maine.
Her later scene in the desert outside the army base was filmed in Barstow, California where she remained.
Hines was born Cheryl Ruth Hines in Miami Beach, Florida, a daughter of James and Rosemary Hines.
Though Reiner did not play a critical role in her career, he would watch her shows when she began acting.
On January 29, 2014, Hines received the 2,516th star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Hines married Paul Young, founder of the management firm Principato-Young, on December 30, 2002.
On July 20, 2010, Hines and Young filed papers for their divorce after nearly eight years of marriage.
Over time, she became involved with UCP and has used her celebrity status to help elevate its visibility.
They announced their engagement late April 2014 and were married on August 2, 2014. 
Shortly after Cheryl was born, Julie moved with her new daughter to Burbank, California.
In 1950, Julie married Herbert Charles Holdridge, a retired Brigadier General active in fringe political movements.
She started dance lessons at an early age with Joyce Cole in North Hollywood, from whom she learned ballet and tap.
In May 1960, Holdridge went on a live tour to Australia with other former Mouseketeers.
She was later linked in fan magazines and gossip columns with many other celebrities, including Elvis Presley.
Reventlow, a pilot, died in the crash of a small plane in 1972 in which he was a passenger.
She married fellow actor David Ladd, with whom she had a daughter, Jordan.
She has been married to music producer Brian Russell since 1981, and has a stepdaughter, Lindsay Russell.


She went on to become a writer, and had some success as a playwright.
Arthur was born in Fairfield, Vermont, grew up in upstate New York, and practiced law in New York City.
He served as quartermaster general in the New York Militia during the American Civil War.
To the surprise of reformers, Arthur took up the cause of reform, though it had once led to his expulsion from office.
Over the 20th and 21st centuries, however, Arthur's reputation mostly faded among the public.
His father, William Arthur, was born just outside the village of Cullybackey, County Antrim, Ireland .
William Arthur emigrated to Dunham, Lower Canada, in 1818 or 1819, after graduating from Belfast College.
Arthur's mother, Malvina Stone, was born in Vermont, the daughter of George Washington Stone and Judith Stevens.
After their first child, Regina, was born, the Arthurs moved to Vermont.
When Hinman's original story did not take root, he spread a new rumor that Arthur was born in Canada.
During his time at school, he gained his first political inclinations and supported the Whig Party.
As a senior, he was president of the debate society and was elected to Phi Beta Kappa.
During his winter breaks, Arthur served as a teacher at a school in Schaghticoke.
While studying law, he continued teaching, moving closer to home by taking a job at a school in North Pownal, Vermont.
The argument was successful, and after several appeals was upheld by the New York Court of Appeals in 1860.
He won the case, and the verdict led to the desegregation of the New York City streetcar lines.
In 1856, Arthur courted Ellen Herndon, the daughter of William Lewis Herndon, a Virginia naval officer.
In 1860, Arthur was appointed to the military staff of Governor Edwin D. Morgan as engineer-in-chief.
In addition, Grand Army of the Republic posts in Ogdensburg, Wisconsin and Medford, Oregon were named in his honor.
Murphy was also a hatter who sold goods to the Union Army, and Arthur represented him in Washington.
The end of the Civil War meant new opportunities for the men in Morgan's Republican machine, including Arthur.
Custom Houses were managed by political appointees who served as Collector, Naval Officer and Surveyor.
He continued his law practice and his role in politics, becoming a member of the prestigious Century Club in 1867.
He remained at the job until 1870 at a salary of $10,000 a year.
Shortly thereafter, President Grant gave control over the New York Custom House patronage to Conkling.
Having become friendly with Murphy over their shared love of horses, Grant appointed him to Collector's position.
Typically, these jobs were dispensed to adherents of the political machine responsible for appointing the Collector.
Eventually, the pressure to replace Murphy grew too great, and Grant asked for his resignation in 1871.
Grant offered the position to John Ashley Griswold and William Orton, each of whom declined and recommended Arthur.
Among those who dealt with the Custom House, Arthur was one of the era's more popular collectors.
Sherman ordered a commission led by John Jay to investigate the New York Custom House.
In September 1877, Hayes demanded the three men's resignations, which they refused to give.
They were successful, but narrowly, as Cornell was nominated for governor by a vote of 234–216.
This argument struck home in the swing states of New York and Indiana, where many were employed in manufacturing.
The funds were crucial in the close election, and his home state of New York was crucial.
The running mates, never close, detached as Garfield continued to freeze out the Stalwarts from his patronage.
As vice president, Arthur cast tie-breaking votes in favor of the Republicans when Mahone opted to join their caucus.
With the Senate in recess, Arthur had no duties in Washington and returned to New York City.
Despite claims to the contrary, Guiteau was proven mentally unstable and unconnected with the Vice President.
Once in Washington he destroyed the mailed proclamation and issued a formal call for a special session.
Arthur quickly came into conflict with Garfield's cabinet, most of whom represented his opposition within the party.
Arthur replaced him with Charles J. Folger, his friend and fellow New York Stalwart.
Attorney General Wayne MacVeagh was next to resign, believing that, as a reformer, he had no place in an Arthur cabinet.
An 1882 trial of the ringleaders resulted in convictions for two minor conspirators and a hung jury for the rest.
The second trial began in December 1882 and lasted until July 1883 and, again, did not result in a guilty verdict.
Garfield's assassination by a deranged office seeker amplified the public demand for civil service reform.
Republicans lost seats in the 1882 congressional elections, in which Democrats campaigned on the reform issue.
Arthur signed the Pendleton Civil Service Reform Act into law on January 16, 1883.
Even after he signed the act into law, its proponents doubted Arthur's commitment to reform.
After conference with the Senate, the bill that emerged only reduced tariffs by an average of 1.47%.
Congress overrode his veto the next day and the new law reduced the surplus by $19 million.
Legislation required to bring the treaty into force failed in the House, however, rendering it a dead letter.
The 47th Congress spent a great deal of time on immigration, and at times was in accord with Arthur.
In July 1882 Congress easily passed a bill regulating steamships that carried immigrants to the United States.
To their surprise, Arthur vetoed it and requested revisions, which they made and which Arthur then approved.
Congress was unable to override the veto, but passed a new bill reducing the immigration ban to ten years.
One crack in the solidly Democratic South emerged with the growth of a new party, the Readjusters, in Virginia.
Arthur agreed, and directed the federal patronage in Virginia through the Readjusters rather than the Republicans.
He followed the same pattern in other Southern states, forging coalitions with independents and Greenback Party members.
During Arthur's presidency, settlers and cattle ranchers continued to encroach on Indian territory.
The vacation had the opposite effect, and Arthur suffered from intense pain before returning to Washington.
Later that year, on the advice of Missouri Senator George Graham Vest, he visited Yellowstone National Park.
Blaine led on the first ballot, and by the fourth ballot he had a majority.
Senator George Edmunds was Arthur's next choice, but he declined to be considered.
His health limited his activity with the firm, and Arthur served only of counsel.
He took on few assignments with the firm and was often too ill to leave his house.
Arthur was buried with his family members and ancestors in the Albany Rural Cemetery in Menands, New York.
He was laid beside his wife in a sarcophagus on a large corner of the plot.
The statue was dedicated in 1899 and unveiled by Arthur's sister, Mary Arthur McElroy.
Unlike many of the modern adult entertainment stars with large breasts, Morgan's were not augmented with implants.
Sent to Israel, she lived in a series of orphanages before ending up in a kibbutz, Ein Gev.
She was married to actor Joe Silver from 1950 until his death on February 27, 1989; they had 2 children. 
 China China, officially the People's Republic of China , is a sovereign state in East Asia.
It is the world's most populous country, with a population of over 1.35 billion.
The Himalaya, Karakoram, Pamir and Tian Shan mountain ranges separate China from South and Central Asia.
China's coastline along the Pacific Ocean is long, and is bounded by the Bohai, Yellow, East and South China Seas.
The Republic of China overthrew the last dynasty in 1911, and ruled the Chinese mainland until 1949.
Since the introduction of economic reforms in 1978, China has become one of the world's fastest-growing major economies.
As of 2014, it is the world's second-largest economy by nominal total GDP and largest by purchasing power parity .
Archaeological evidence suggests that early hominids inhabited China between 250,000 and 2.24 million years ago.
According to Chinese tradition, the first dynasty was the Xia, which emerged around 2100 BCE.
It remains unclear whether these sites are the remains of the Xia Dynasty or of another culture from the same period.
The Shang ruled the plain of the Yellow River in eastern China from the 17th to the 11th century BCE.
After the collapse of Han, a period of disunion known as the period of the Three Kingdoms followed.
The brief unification of the Jin dynasty was broken by the uprising of the Five Barbarians.
Under the succeeding Tang and Song dynasties, Chinese economy, technology and culture entered a golden age.
However, the military weakness of the Song army was observed by the Jurchen Jin dynasty.
A peasant named Zhu Yuanzhang overthrew the Yuan Dynasty in 1368 and founded the Ming Dynasty.
It was during this period that Zheng He led explorations throughout the world, reaching as far as Africa.
In the early years of the Ming Dynasty, China's capital was moved from Nanjing to Beijing.
In 1644, Beijing was captured by a coalition of peasant rebel forces led by Li Zicheng.
The Qing dynasty, which lasted from 1644 until 1912, was the last imperial dynasty of China.
The Haijin and the ideological control as represented by the literary inquisition caused technological stagnation.
An estimated 200,000 Chinese were massacred in the city of Nanjing alone during the Japanese occupation.
After the surrender of Japan in 1945, Taiwan, including the Pescadores, was returned to Chinese control.
The continued distrust between the Kuomintang and the Communists led to the resumption of civil war.
On 1 October 1949, Communist Party Chairman Mao Zedong proclaimed the establishment of the People's Republic of China.
In 1950, the People's Liberation Army succeeded in capturing Hainan from the ROC and incorporating Tibet.
However, remaining Nationalist forces continued to wage an insurgency in western China throughout the 1950s.
Under its leadership, China developed an independent industrial system and its own nuclear weapons.
In 1976, Mao died, the Gang of Four was arrested, and Deng Xiaoping took power.
This marked China's transition from a planned economy to a mixed economy with an increasingly open market environment.
China borders 14 nations, more than any other country except Russia, which also borders 14.
Additionally, China shares maritime boundaries with South Korea, Japan, Vietnam, and the Philippines.
High plateaus feature among the more arid landscapes of the north, such as the Taklamakan and the Gobi Desert.
The country's lowest point, and the world's third-lowest, is the dried lake bed of Ayding Lake in the Turpan Depression.
The climate in China differs from region to region because of the country's highly complex topography.
A major environmental issue in China is the continued expansion of its deserts, particularly the Gobi Desert.
China's environmental watchdog, SEPA, stated in 2007 that China is losing a million acres per year to desertification.
Water quality, erosion, and pollution control have become important issues in China's relations with other countries.
Melting glaciers in the Himalayas could potentially lead to water shortages for hundreds of millions of people.
China is one of 17 megadiverse countries, lying in two of the world's major ecozones: the Palearctic and the Indomalaya.
China has over 32,000 species of vascular plants, and is home to a variety of forest types.
In higher montane stands of juniper and yew, the bamboo is replaced by rhododendrons.
Subtropical forests, which are predominate in central and southern China, support as many as 146,000 species of flora.
China has over 10,000 recorded species of fungi, and of them, nearly 6,000 are higher fungi.
This crisis is compounded by increasingly severe water shortages, particularly in the north-east of the country.
The People's Republic of China is one of the world's few remaining socialist states openly endorsing communism .
The country is ruled by the Communist Party of China , whose power is enshrined in China's constitution.
The political system is decentralized, and provincial and sub-provincial leaders have a significant amount of autonomy.
Political concerns in China include the growing gap between rich and poor and government corruption.
None of these divisions are recognized by the ROC government, which claims the entirety of the PRC's territory.
In 2004, it proposed an entirely new East Asia Summit framework as a forum for regional security issues.
The EAS, which includes ASEAN Plus Three, India, Australia and New Zealand, held its inaugural summit in 2005.
China has a significant trade surplus with the United States, its most important export market.
However, in practice, these provisions do not afford significant protection against criminal prosecution by the state.
In 2013, its PPP GDP per capita was US$12,880, while its nominal GDP per capita was US$7,589.
From its founding in 1949 until late 1978, the People's Republic of China was a Soviet-style centrally planned economy.
According to the IMF, China's annual average GDP growth between 2001 and 2010 was 10.5%.
Between 2007 and 2011, China's economic growth rate was equivalent to all of the G7 countries' growth combined.
The Chinese online payment market is dominated by major firms such as Alipay, Tenpay and China UnionPay.
In 2012, China was the world's largest recipient of inward foreign direct investment , attracting $253 billion.
China has a high level of economic inequality, which has increased in the past few decades.
In November 2010, Russia began using the Chinese renminbi in its bilateral trade with China.
This was soon followed by Japan, Australia, Singapore, the United Kingdom, and Canada.
However, by the 17th century, the Western world had surpassed China in scientific and technological development.
The Chinese space program is one of the world's most active, and is a major source of national pride.
In 1970, China launched its first satellite, Dong Fang Hong I, becoming the fifth country to do so independently.
Approximately 10—16% are Buddhists, 2—4% are Christians, and 1—2% are Muslims.
Since ancient times, Chinese culture has been heavily influenced by Confucianism and conservative philosophies.
Chinese culture has long emphasized a sense of deep history and a largely inward-looking national perspective.
China is now the third-most-visited country in the world, with 55.7 million inbound international visitors in 2010.
Li Bai and Du Fu opened the forking ways for the poetic circles through romanticism and realism respectively.
Mo Yan, a xungen literature author, was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2012.
All of them are featured by the precise skills of shaping, heating, colorway and flavoring.
Generally, China's staple food is rice in the south, wheat based breads and noodles in the north.
And the bean products, such as tofu and soy milk, remain as a popular source of protein.
Pork is now the most popular meat in China, accounting for about three-fourths of the country's total meat consumption.
Swordplay and cuju, a sport loosely related to association football date back to China's early dynasties as well.
China's professional football league was established in 1994, it is the largest football market in Asia.
Other popular sports in the country include martial arts, basketball, table tennis, badminton, swimming and snooker.
Board games such as go , xiangqi, mahjong, and more recently chess, are also played at a professional level.
In addition, China is home to a huge number of cyclists, with an estimated 470 million bicycles as of 2012.
Many more traditional sports, such as dragon boat racing, Mongolian-style wrestling and horse racing are also popular.
China has participated in the Olympic Games since 1932, although it has only participated as the PRC since 1952.
China also won the most medals of any nation at the 2012 Summer Paralympics, with 231 overall, including 95 gold medals.
China hosted the 2013 East Asian Games in Tianjin and the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics in Nanjing. 
 China Kantner China Wing Kantner , is an American actress of television, theatre and the cinema.
In San Francisco County, a birth was registered for January 25, 1971, for a female child with the surname Kantner.
During this interview, she stated that, while she initially did not like her name, she grew to like it as she got older.
According to her agency resume, Kantner is known to have appeared in the following stage plays: Television shows.


 Chita Rivera Chita Rivera is an American actress, dancer, and singer best known for her roles in musical theatre.
She is the first Hispanic woman and the first Latino American to receive a Kennedy Center Honors award .
Her father was Puerto Rican, and her mother was of Scottish and Italian descent.
Rivera was seven years old when her mother was widowed and went to work at The Pentagon.
Rivera's audition was successful, and she was accepted into the school and given a scholarship Broadway.
She won raves for her performance, but was passed over for the film version where it was played by Janet Leigh.
The eatery, located on 42nd Street between 9th and 10th Avenue, was named 'Chita's' after her.
It soon became a significant attraction for the after-theater crowds and remained open until 1994.
Instead, she performed at New York's Feinstein's At The Regency supper club in New York for two weeks.
These early 1960s albums will be reissued on CD by Stage Door Records in February 2013.
She was the Grand Marshal of the Puerto Rican Day Parade in New York City on June 9, 2013.
The musical opened at the Lyceum Theatre on March 26, 2015 and closed on June 14, 2015.
Co-starring Roger Rees, the production was directed by John Doyle and choreographed by Graciela Daniele.
This is the current record for the most individual Tony Award nominations, which she shares with Julie Harris. 
It is Moldova's main industrial and commercial center, and is located in the middle of the country, on the river Bîc.
According to the preliminary results of the 2014 census, the municipality of Chișinău is home to 492,894 residents.
At the beginning of the 19th century it was a small town of 7,000 inhabitants.
In 1840 the building of the Triumphal arch, planned by the architect Luca Zaushkevich, was completed.
On 28 August 1871 Chișinău was linked by rail with Tiraspol and in 1873 with Cornești.
During the Belle Époque mayor of the city was Carol Schmidt, considered one of the best mayors Chișinău ever had.
By the year 1900, 43% of the population of Chișinău was Jewish — one of the highest numbers in Europe.
A large anti-Semitic riot took place in the town on 6–7 April 1903, which would later be known as the Kishinev pogrom.
The rioting continued for three days, resulting in 47 Jews dead, 92 severely wounded, and 500 suffering minor injuries.
However, these demonstrations suddenly turned into another anti-Jewish pogrom, resulting in 19 deaths.
Only with the advent of modern technology and industrialization, it slowly rose into prominence.
In 1927 the Stephen the Great Monument, by the sculptor Alexandru Plămădeală, was erected.
.This destruction began with the Soviet occupation by the Red Army on 28 June 1940.
As the city began to recover from the takeover, a devastating earthquake occurred on 10 November 1940.
After scarcely one year, the assault on the newly created Moldovan SSR by the German and Romanian armies began.
Following the occupation, the city suffered from the characteristic mass murder of its Jewish inhabitants.
The number of Jews murdered during the initial occupation of the city is estimated at approximately 10,000 people.
Chișinău was taken by the Red Army on 24 August 1944 as a result of the Jassy-Kishinev Operation.
Chișinău is located on the river Bâc, a tributary of the Dniester, at , with an area of .
The city lies in central Moldova and is surrounded by a relatively level landscape with very fertile ground.
Chișinău has a humid continental climate , characterized by hot dry summers and windy cold winters.
Although average precipitation and humidity during summer is low, there are infrequent yet heavy storms.
Moldova is administratively subdivided into 3 municipalities, 32 districts, and 2 autonomous units.
Besides the city itself, the municipality comprises 34 other suburban localities: 6 towns , and 12 communes .
The population at the 2004 Moldovan Census is shown in brackets: Cities − Transport.
The Air Moldova flight operator has its head office on the grounds of Chișinău International Airport.
There is a big lack of buses inside city limits, with only 105 buses operating within Chișinău.
Nowadays there are at about 300,000 cars in the city plus 100,000 transit transport coming everyday to the city.
Of the larger public multiuse stadiums in the city is the Stadionul Dinamo , which has a capacity of 2,692.
 Chloe Bridges Chloe Suazo , known professionally as Chloe Bridges, is an American actress.
The film, directed by Scott Beck and Bryan Woods, was released on March 27, 2015. 
She spent a lot of time with her grandmother who resided in New York City.
 Chloë Sevigny Chloë Stevens Sevigny is an American actress, fashion designer, and former model.
She has also designed several wardrobe collections, most recently with Manhattan's Opening Ceremony boutique.
She has an older brother, Paul, who is a New York disc jockey.
While in high school, she often babysat actor Topher Grace and his younger sister.
Between her junior and senior year of high school, she shaved her head and sold her hair to a Broadway wigmaker.
Despite her father's leniency, her mother later chose to send her to Alcoholics Anonymous meetings.
As a teenager, Sevigny would occasionally ditch school in Darien to go into Manhattan.
Directed by Larry Clark and written by Korine, Sevigny plays a New York teenager who discovers she is HIV positive.
Harron tracked Sevigny down to the SoHo clothing store Liquid Sky, where she was working at the time.
The film was dedicated to Sevigny's father, who died prior to the film's release.
Sevigny was reportedly so emotionally disturbed after playing the role that she began attending Catholic Mass again.
The role earned Sevigny Best Supporting Actress nominations for both an Academy Award and a Golden Globe Award.
Sevigny won an Independent Spirit Award, a Satellite Award, and a Sierra Award for her performance.
After the film's release at the 2003 Cannes Film Festival, the William Morris Agency terminated Sevigny as a client.
Despite her agency's disapproval of the film , she continued on with various projects.
With Tom Hanks reportedly backing the production of the series, it was reportedly due to begin filming in late 2012.
The show was pulled by the network after mediocre ratings in the first two weeks.
It was then re-launched on A&E's sister network, Lifetime Movie Network, on March 30, 2014.
The series was subsequently cancelled by the network after its 10 episode first season run.
Sevigny has long been considered a fashion icon and regularly appears on best dressed lists.
Prior to her career as an actress, she had achieved fame for her unique style.
I would only wear calico print dresses, and I actually slept in one of those little nightcaps!
The pieces were sold exclusively at Opening Ceremony boutiques , Barneys , Colette , and London's Dover Street Market.
Sevigny's distinct fashion is also part of the inspiration for a fictionalized version of herself played by Drew Droege.
She suffers from scoliosis, diagnosed when she was a child, though she never received any surgical treatment.
She has stated that she practices yoga for relief from the pain caused by the spinal deformity.
She is a practicing Roman Catholic, although she admits that she rebelled against religion as a teenager.
Sevigny and McAuley ended their relationship in early 2008, after being together for nearly eight years.
I remember driving around these remote towns in Wales and kids running after us in the street.
She is the youngest of nine siblings, with four elder brothers as well as four elder stepbrothers.

She continued the role in the series' fifth season, being promoted to a series regular.
Her fourth marriage, to architect Peter Cook, ended in a much-publicized 2008 divorce.
Her financial holdings in 2008 were worth an estimated USD $80 million, primarily as the owner of real estate.
Brinkley was born Christie Lee Hudson in Monroe, Michigan, the daughter of Marjorie and Herbert Hudson.
During this time, the family lived in Malibu and then the Brentwood neighborhoods of Los Angeles.
Brinkley was discovered in 1973 by American photographer Errol Sawyer in a post office in Paris.
He took her first modeling pictures and introduced her to John Casablancas of Elite Model Management agency in Paris.
In 2005, CoverGirl again signed Brinkley, using her in ads in magazines and TV commercials for mature skin products.
In 2008, Brinkley and Dr. Carlon Colker promoted National Family Fitness Day with Xbox 360 at the Boy's and Girl's Club.
The two met at Studio 54 in New York City at a party promoting a calendar in which Brinkley appeared.
Chandon died a year later in an auto-race car crash during a private pre-season practice session.
In 2007, she showed her support by writing a blog for NHL.com and filming a commercial.
Brinkley became a vegetarian when she was 13 years old and then got her entire family to become vegetarians.
She lives on Long Island in Sag Harbor, New York; she previously lived in Bridgehampton and Amagansett, Long Island.
While in Europe she met Englishman Thomas Barnes in Ibiza, Spain, and on August 31, 2002 they married.
Clark and Barnes have three daughters, Hannah Bella , Emma Rose and Charlotte Joy .
Clark has portrayed the role of Carrie Brady on Days of Our Lives for a cumulative total of approximately 15 years.
At the age of 13, Clark first succeeded Andrea Barber in 1986 for the role, and succeeded Tracy Middendorf in 1992.


After her parents' divorce, her mother had a relationship with musician Stephen Stills.
On the silver screen, she portrayed TV anchorwoman Veronica Corningstone in the 2004 films ' and the bonus film ' .
She persuaded the producers to rescind their decision and on April 18, 2005, she made her Broadway debut.
She does dance whenever the opportunity presents, but cannot do anymore strenuous roles.
from October 15, 2007, until it was canceled on May 18, 2009.
According to Applegate, she said it was her mother that wanted her to be involved in the film.
On February 8, 2013, she left the series after its second season hiatus which was leading into a planned format change.
Applegate also hoped to find out if the hearsay concerning her grandmother's tragic death was true.
The actress traveled from her home in Hollywood, California, to Trenton, New Jersey, for her search.
Series stars Beverly D'Angelo and Chevy Chase make appearances as Rusty's parents Ellen & Clark Griswold.
Also, Leslie Mann appears as Rusty's sister Audrey with Chris Hemsworth as her husband Stone Crandell.
On October 20, 2001, Applegate married actor Johnathon Schaech in Palm Springs, California.
The couple became engaged on Valentine's Day 2010, and wed on February 23, 2013, at their Los Angeles home.
Applegate is a vegetarian, and in 2007, appeared in an anti-fur advertisement for PETA.
Christina is following the recommended treatment of her doctors and will have a full recovery.
She has an inherited genetic trait, a BRCA1 mutation, which can trigger breast cancer.
The one-hour special was broadcast on CBS, NBC, and ABC television networks on September 5, 2008.
In 2009, she announced her plans to return as the ambassador for Lee National Denim Day.
Lind attended public school through grade school and went to a private University, Fordham University.
She also attended New York State Summer School for the Arts both as a visual artist as well as a performing artist.
It was the first production that came out of her English teacher's idea to start a drama club in middle school.
Lind is interested in placing her support in women's support organizations and LGBTQ organizations.

Christina admits to being a tomboy at heart, and has never been very interested in her appearance.
After leaving the tour, while in New York, that she took the big step away from Shakespeare.
Chang, a Taiwanese American, was born in Taipei, Taiwan to a Chinese Filipino father and an American mother.
Later, she moved to Seattle, Washington where she graduated from the University of Washington.
Crawford was born in Los Angeles, California, in 1939 to unmarried teen parents.
She met her second husband, film producer David Koontz, while she worked in public relations for Getty Oil.
Eventually let go from the series, Christina believed her mother's interference had contributed to her departure.
The producers, however, claimed that the character and her storyline had simply run its course.
In November 1977 Christina and her brother sued to invalidate their mother's will, which she signed on October 18, 1976.
After a near-fatal stroke in 1981, Crawford spent five years in rehabilitation before moving to the Northwest.
This included material, omitted from the first printing, about the years following her graduation from high school.
In 2011 Crawford founded the non-profit Benewah Human Rights Coalition and served as the organization's first president.
Fulton was engaged to Shagrath, vocalist of the black metal band Dimmu Borgir in 2008.
She is married to actor Frank Doubleday; the couple has two daughters, Kaitlin and Portia, both also actresses.
Christina Hart was born on July 21, 1949 in Lock Haven, Pennsylvania, to an elementary school teacher father.
She formed DOXA Productions with actress Kara Pulcino, and has produced and directed under that label since 2006.
She has said in interviews that she and her husband do not plan to have children. 
 Christina Kokubo Christina Kokubo was an American film and television actress; she was also a drama teacher.
Additionally, Kokubo participated in several documentary films about the yakuza crime syndicate in Japan.
For seven years, Kokubo taught acting classes at the Braille Institute in Los Angeles, California.
Her sisters Lisa, and Tanya are also actors and have appeared on TV and in theatre; she also has a brother, Christian.
In 2006, she did an untitled sitcom pilot along with her sisters for ABC .
Baranski attended high school at the Villa Maria Academy in Cheektowaga, a suburb of Buffalo.
She then studied at New York City's Juilliard School where she graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1974.
The show garnered two Tony Awards, one for Best Revival of a Play and the other for Best Actor .
The original cast was Bradley Whitford , Kathryn Hahn , Christine Baranski , Gina Gershon , and Mary McCormack .
The cast included Vanessa Redgrave, Natasha Richardson, Victor Garber, and Marc Kudisch, among others.
She appeared in the second season episode entitled , for which she received an Emmy nomination.
As a young child and teenager in Long Island, she was active in equestrian trials, winning many horsemanship awards.
After graduating high school in 1966, she attended Hofstra University, initially interested in a career in psychiatry.
IN 1970, after college she moved to New York City and did some modeling work there, but no acting.
For both personal and professional reasons, she moved to Los Angeles around the end of 1970.
She played on Dynasty as the nurse for Fallon's baby at the end of Season 2 and Season 3.
Cavanaugh was born in 1963 to Rheta Mason and Waldo Eugene Sandberg in Layton, Utah.
show and later became the first short to be adapted into its own series for Cartoon Network.
She later won an Annie Award in 2000 for her voice performance as Dexter in the hour-long TV special '.
Cavanaugh died of undisclosed causes on December 22, 2014 at age 51 at her home in Cedar City, Utah. 
In 2003, she was nominated for an Emmy Award in the Best Weather Anchor category.
She attended MacMurray College in Jacksonville, Illinois, Class of 1975, and the American Academy of Dramatic Arts.
She met Marc Shaiman when he was 19 and the musical director of her first club act.
They were both excited about the possibility of going to Broadway, but it never made it.
For this role, she won her second Tony Award for Best Leading Actress in a Musical.
Ebersole appears in concerts and cabaret engagements at venues such as the Cinegrill and Cafe Carlyle.
She made her directorial debut with an award winning short film she also wrote, produced, and starred in: .


Jones attended Elmira College in Elmira, NY from which she was graduated in 1969.
She has three sisters, Carol, Catherine, and Linda, and two brothers, Paul Jr. and James Lahti.
After college, Lahti headed to New York City in 1973, where she worked as a waitress and did commercials.
In March 2012, she was featured with Jamie Lee Curtis and Jansen Panettiere at the Wilshire Ebell Theatre.
The production was broadcast on YouTube to raise money for the American Foundation for Equal Rights.
Lakin was born in Dallas, Texas, the daughter of Karen and James Daley Lakin, and raised in Roswell, Georgia.
 Christine Mayo Christine Mayo was a silent film actress whose Hollywood career spanned the years from 1915–1924.
After the screening of one of her feature films, she discussed her movie career with the audience.
Mayo was one of the first women of the stage to be awarded the right to wear the button of the Liberty Legion.
The New York Times reviewed the movie unfavorably, comparing it to a discarded Daisy Ashford effort.
Mayo was in the troupe of the Wilkes Stock Company in April 1929 at the Majestic Theater in Los Angeles, California.
Mayo enjoyed cooking chicken-a-la-king, interior decorating, and reading classic novels by Balzac and Alexandre Dumas. 
A classically trained singer, McIntyre received a Bachelor of Music degree at Chicago Musical College in 1933.
She then appeared in a series of B-westerns featuring the likes of Ray Corrigan and Buck Jones.
It was in 1944 that Columbia Pictures producer Hugh McCollum signed Christine McIntyre to a decade-long contract.
Wilson's sudden death from a heart attack on January 26, 1984 at age 79 took its toll on McIntyre.
She was already suffering from cancer at the time of his passing, and his death worsened her illness.
McIntyre died in Van Nuys, California on July 8, 1984, at age 73, six months after her husband.
The two are interred in the same plot at the Holy Cross Cemetery in Culver City, California.
She continued in that role through 1991 while making various guest appearances on other programs.
They reside in Westchester County, New York and have a daughter, Ella Olivia, and a son, Quinlin Dempsey.

She performed on several Bob Hope tours to Viet Nam in the late sixties and early seventies.
 Christy Scott Cashman Christy Scott Cashman is an American actress, writer, producer and philanthropist.
Cashman is a founding partner, actor, producer, and writer for Saint Aire Productions.
She is currently working on the development of Consenses, Charity Warriors and a show based on Kilkea Castle 
In 2014, Chryssie was a guest star for 3 of the 6 final episodes of Warehouse 13.
She played Claire Donovan, the older sister and eldest sibling to Claudia and Joshua Donovan.
In addition to choreographing regional shows, Whitehead teaches dance classes part-time to children and adults. 
Pharris was born in Middletown, Ohio and attended the Emerson College in Boston, Massachusetts.
Leigh was raised in Virginia Beach, Virginia, where her parents ran a weight-loss business.
Following her parents' divorce, Leigh was estranged from her father for many years, but the two have since reconciled.
In 1999, Leigh and her mother relocated to Los Angeles, California in order for Leigh to develop a career in acting.
The two began a relationship, and Leigh left home to move in with West.
This led to abuse of drugs such as marijuana and cocaine, which quickly escalated into addiction.
In 2002, the couple, now clean and sober, were wed in Alaska, surrounded by their closest family and friends.
She was made an official series regular for season four, and remained so until the eighth season finale.
Leigh and West have three children – a son and two daughters: Noah Wilde , Taelyn Leigh , and Anniston Kae .
For Taelyn, Nathan correctly guessed it was a girl, so he named her.
Their third child, also a girl, was guessed correctly by West; he chose the name Anniston Kae.
In the late 1980s Phillips formed the trio Wilson Phillips with her childhood friends Carnie and Wendy Wilson.
Phillips met actor William Baldwin of the acting Baldwin family in 1991 and has been married to him since 1995.
Before she was an actress, Ambeuhl was signed by the Judith Fontaine Modeling and Talent Agency as a model.


 Cindy Chiu Cindy Chiu is an American actress born in Taiwan and raised in Texas.
She then left to attend Stephen F. Austin University in Nacogdoches, Texas where she was also a cheerleader.
She has two sisters, Chris and Danielle, as well as a brother Jeffery who died of childhood Leukemia at age 3.
However, the following year another store hired a number of high school girls, including Crawford, to work for them .
The photo and positive feedback she received were enough to convince her to take up modeling.
She entered the Elite Model Management's Look of the Year contest at 17 and was the runner-up.
She has also worked for Omega, Maybelline, Clairol, and Chilean retail stores Ripley .
In 2005, The American Society of Magazine Editors listed it as the 22nd best magazine cover of the last 40 years.
The film was also a financial failure, with expenses of $50 million and $11 million takings at the box office.
Again the film was not successful or critically acclaimed, but Crawford's acting was not criticized.
She has had many lesser roles guest starring on TV and as supporting roles, often playing herself.
Crawford quit full-time modeling in 2000, and now appears only occasionally in fashion magazines.
She also has a furniture line with Raymour & Flanigan and launched home goods line with J. C. Penney in late 2009.
In addition to appearing in the book, Crawford was the cover model and wrote the dedication.
During the show she met actor Doug Davidson, who became her husband in 1984.

She did the weather at 6 and 10 in Rockford, Illinois, and weekends in Milwaukee.

Williams and co-star Marshall had also been feuding for quite some time and this had also spurred her decision to leave.
Williams made a guest appearance on illusionist David Copperfield's first CBS TV special in 1978.
Together they have two children: a daughter, Emily and a son, Zachary .

From 1998 to 2000, Danes attended Yale University before dropping out to return to acting.
Danes' parents met when they were both studying at the Rhode Island School of Design.
He is the son of Gibson Andrew Danes, a former dean of Yale School of Art and Architecture from 1958 to 1968.
Danes is named after her paternal grandmother, Claire Danes , who died in 1953.
3 and PS 11 for elementary school and Professional Performing Arts School for junior high school .
Danes attended the New York City Lab School for Collaborative Studies in New York City .
After studying for two years as a psychology major, she dropped out to focus on her film career.
Although she continued to dance, Danes said that her focus shifted to acting by the time she was nine years old.
Her audition with Miloš Forman when she was eleven led to roles in several student films.
She signed with agent Karen Friedman at the Writers & Artists talent agency at the age of 12.
In March 1993, a pilot episode was shot, when she was 13 years old.
For her role, she won a Golden Globe Award and received an Emmy nomination.
She won the 2013 Golden Globe and the 2012 Golden Globe for Best Actress in a Television Series for her performance.
Danes said that while she may have been considered for the part, she was never offered the role.
Danes left her career temporarily to attend Yale, having made 13 films in five years.
In September 2005, Danes returned to New York's Performance Space 122, where she had performed as a child.
Danes met Australian singer Ben Lee at her birthday party in 1997—they dated for almost six years.
They married in France in a secret ceremony in late August or early September 2009.
On 24 September 2015, Danes received a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame. 
She joined the Ziegfeld Follies, moved to New York City where she studied singing and dancing.
While there the blond actress was signed to a Paramount contract by Darryl F. Zanuck and returned to Los Angeles.
Some confusion has led to Dodd's birthplace being listed as Des Moines, Iowa.
Whether an attempted bit of publicity, she wound up with plenty in her home state.
In the latter movie Dodd's character was the only Della to wed Perry Mason.
She died at her home in Beverly Hills, California from cancer, aged 61.
She is buried in the Brand Family Cemetery on the grounds of the Brand Library and Art Center in Glendale, California. 
 Claire Luce Claire Luce was an American stage and screen actress, ,dancer and singer.
Malis went on to guest star on numerous drama and comedy TV series and multiple films.
She died of congestive heart failure and pneumonia on August 24, 2012 at City of Hope.
McDowell was born in New York, New York and died in Hollywood, California, aged 88.
She was married to silent screen character actor Charles Hill Mailes from 1906 to his 1937 death.
By 1932 she was starring on Broadway; that same year she began appearing in Brooklyn-filmed Vitaphone shorts.
From 1933–38, Trevor starred in 29 films, often having either the lead role or the role of heroine.
Trevor moved into supporting roles in the 1950s, with her appearances becoming increasingly rare after the mid-1960s.
Trevor married Clark Andrews, director of her radio show, in 1938, but they divorced four years later.
Her second marriage, in 1943, to Navy lieutenant Cylos William Dunsmoore, produced her only child, son Charles.
Trevor died of respiratory failure in Newport Beach, California on April 8, 2000 at the age of 90.
The Claire Trevor School of the Arts at the University of California, Irvine was named in Trevor's honor.
Her Oscar and Emmy statuettes are on display in the Arts Plaza there, next to the Claire Trevor Theatre. 
She made her first film in 1913 for Solax and continued making films until 1921, mainly for Fox Film Corporation.
Whitney died in Los Angeles on August 27, 1969 at the age of 79.
She is buried in an unmarked grave in Forest Lawn Memorial Park, next to her husband, Robert Emmett Keane. 
 Claire Windsor Claire Windsor was a notable American film actress of the silent screen era.
Her parents later moved to Cawker City, Kansas while she was still two years old.
Critics lauded her elegant fashion sense, and Windsor became a noted trend-setter of 1920s fashion.
In 1924, Windsor was one of the top stars at the newly formed Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer studio.
Claire Windsor died of a heart attack on October 24, 1972 at the age of 80 in Los Angeles, California.

To thank the Blanchards, Captain and Mrs. Dickey named their daughter Clara Blanchard Dickey.
While she often used 1880 as her year of birth for professional purposes, she was actually born in 1876.
By 1880, Captain Dickey was in command of a different ship and, the rest of the family was in Quincy.
She moved from Boston to New York City by 1900, and began pursuing acting as a career.
During World War I, Blandick performed some overseas volunteer work for the American Expeditionary Force in France.
By the 1930s, she was well known in theatrical and film circles as an established supporting actress.
In Pre-Code films she often played mothers, including those of characters played by Joan Crawford and Joan Blondell .
Blandick beat out May Robson, Janet Beecher, and Sarah Padden for the role, and earned $750 per week.
She would continue to act in a wide variety of roles in dozens of films.
She retired from acting at the age of 69 and went into seclusion at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel.
Blandick was married on December 7, 1905, in Manhattan, to mining engineer Harry Stanton Elliott.
On April 15, 1962, she returned home from Palm Sunday services at her church.
She began rearranging her room, placing her favorite photos and memorabilia in prominent places.
She laid out her resume and a collection of press clippings from her lengthy career.
Then, with her hair properly styled, she took an overdose of sleeping pills.
She lay down on a couch, covered herself with a gold blanket over her shoulders, and tied a plastic bag over her head.
Blandick left the following note: “I am now about to make the great adventure.
In preparing to die, Blandick had disposed of all her medicines the previous week.
Blandick's ashes were interred at the Great Mausoleum, Columbarium of Security at Forest Lawn Memorial Park, Glendale.
She is interred along with the ashes of her older sister, Marcia D. Young, and Marcia's husband George A.
 Clara Bow Clara Gordon Bow was an American actress who rose to stardom in silent film during the 1920s.
Bow came to personify the Roaring Twenties and is described as its leading sex symbol.
She was named first box-office draw in 1928 and 1929 and second box-office draw in 1927 and 1930.
At the apex of her stardom, she received more than 45,000 fan letters in a single month .
After marrying actor Rex Bell in 1931, Bow retired from acting and became a rancher in Nevada.
In September 1965, Bow died of a heart attack at the age of 60.
Bow was born in Prospect Heights, Brooklyn, New York at 697 Bergen Street.
Her birth year, according to the US Censuses of 1910 and 1920, was 1905.
The 1930 census indicates 1906 and on her gravestone of 1965 the inscription says 1907.
Bow was her parents' third child; her two older sisters, born in 1903 and 1904 respectively, died in infancy.
Bow's parents were descended from English-Irish and Scottish immigrants who had come to America the generation before.
Between 1905 and 1923, the family lived at 14 different addresses but seldom outside Prospect Heights.
When Bow was sixteen, her mother Sarah fell from a second-story window and suffered a severe head injury.
One night in February 1922, Bow awoke to a butcher knife held against her throat.
In the morning, Sarah had no recollection of the episode but was later committed to a sanatorium by Robert.
Clara spoke about the incident later: On January 5, 1923, at the age of 43, Sarah died from her epilepsy.
My right arm was developed from pitching so much ... Once I hopped a ride on behind a big fire engine.
A close friend, a younger boy who lived in her building, burned to death in her presence after an accident.
Bow's interest in sports and her physical abilities made her plan for a career as an athletics instructor.
The Bows and Bakers shared the house – still standing – at 33 Prospect Place in 1920.
In the early 1920s, roughly 50 million Americans—half the population at that time—attended the movies every week.
Bow did five scenes, impressed Cabanne with true theatrical tears, but was cut from the final print.
Bow later learned that one of Brewsters' sub-editors had urged Clifton to give her a chance.
He wanted to contract her for a three months trial, fare paid and $50 a week.
On July 22, 1923, Bow left New York, her father, and her boyfriend behind for Hollywood.
On October 21, 1925, Schulberg filed Preferred Pictures for bankruptcy, with debts at $820,774 and assets $1,420.
It was shot on location at Pomona College in the summer of 1925, and released on December 15.
But due to block booking, it was not shown in New York until July 21, 1926.
Throughout the 1920s, Bow played with gender conventions and sexuality in her public image.
Along with her tomboy and flapper roles, she starred in boxing films and posed for promotional photographs as a boxer.
By appropriating traditionally androgynous or masculine traits, Bow presented herself as a confident, modern woman.
Bow added that she intended to leave the motion picture business at the expiration of the contract, i.e., in 1931.
She swings from one emotion to another, but she gains nothing, stores up nothing for the future.
She lives entirely in the present, not even for today, but in the moment.
She has a big heart, a remarkable brain, and the most utter contempt for the world in general.
Time doesn't exist for her, except that she thinks it will stop tomorrow.
The quality of Bow's voice, her Brooklyn accent, was not an issue to Bow, her fans or Paramount.
He knew darn well I was doing it because we could use a little money these days.
Bow and actor Rex Bell had two sons, Tony Beldam and George Beldam, Jr. .
In September 1937, she and Bell opened The 'It' Cafe on Vine Street near Hollywood Boulevard in Los Angeles.
In 1944, while Bell was running for the U.S. House of Representatives, Bow tried to commit suicide.
A note was found in which Bow stated she preferred death to a public life.
In 1949 she checked in to The Institute of Living to be treated for her chronic insomnia and diffuse abdominal pains.
After leaving the institution, Bow lived alone in a bungalow, which she rarely left, until her death.
She died of a heart attack on September 27, 1965 at the age of 60.
An autopsy revealed that she suffered from atherosclerosis, a disease of the heart that can begin in early adolescence.
Her pallbearers were Harry Richman, Richard Arlen, Jack Oakie, Maxie Rosenbloom, Jack Dempsey, and Buddy Rogers.
During her lifetime, Bow was the subject of wild rumors regarding her sex life; most of them were untrue.


Clarisa Kimball was born in Chicago to Edward M. and Pauline Kimball, travelling stock actors.
Early in her career she met and married a fellow stock company and known Broadway actor named James Young.
Unfortunately, many of Young's films from her early period with Vitagraph are now lost.
James Young finally obtained a final decree on April 8, 1919 on grounds of desertion.
Garson had little experience in the motion picture business, and as a result Kimball Young's career began to sputter.
She began suffering a series of press attacks for her business dealings and personal relationship with Garson.
Kimball Young spent the remainder of the 1920s performing in vaudeville, and in 1928 quietly married Dr. Arthur Fauman.
Married at age 20 to a local jeweler, she was divorced eight years later, with two children, a boy and a girl.
At age 80, Peller was hired as a temporary manicurist for a television commercial set in a Chicago barbershop.
The diminutive octogenarian actress made the three-word phrase a cultural phenomenon, and herself a cult star.
At Wendy's, sales jumped 31% to $945 million in 1985 worldwide.
While hugely popular, the advertising campaign proved to be short-lived, at least for Wendy's.
In that film, Peller uttered “Where’s the bags?”—a reference to her Wendy’s commercials fame.
Peller was just one of a host of celebrities who were involved in the PPV classic.
Peller died on August 11, 1987, in Chicago, one week after her 85th birthday.
Clara Perez has made appearances in a total of 4 films and 2 television series, in 3 episodes. 

Carey was born at a Catholic mission in Rhodesia where her father and mother were serving.
 Clare Grant Clare Grant is an American actress, voice actress, producer, model and singer.
She is the eldest of eight siblings and is named after her father, Clarence, who was a popular local Memphis DJ.
In 2010, the duo began working with Milynn Sarley & Michele Boyd to create the online series Team Unicorn.
Clare Elizabeth Kramer was born in Atlanta, Georgia, to a kindergarten teacher mother and a petroleum geologist father.
They have four children: daughters Gavin and River Marie and sons Hart and Sky Lynlee .
As a child, she was a spokesman and mascot for Wendy's, donning the trademark pigtails accentuated in the company logo.
During the 1974–1975 season, Clarice guest starred in at least five episodes of the CBS Radio Mystery Theater series.
In early 1916, Albert Seymour became ill and was forced to close his business.
As a result of her work through that company, she obtained work through Pathé in a Pearl White serial.
Hal Roach saw her performance and offered her a film contract with his Rolin Film Company.
Seymour accepted and relocated to Los Angeles to perform as the leading lady in the Toto the Clown film comedy serials.
The deal with Roach soon soured after Seymour claimed she was fired for refusing to do her own stunts.
While the case was pending, Seymour appeared in comedy shorts for Al Christie's comedy shorts.
Heerman directed a screen test featuring Seymour and one of D.W. Griffith's Artcraft stock company actors Robert Harron.
The film was not well received by audiences but they were taken by Seymour's performance.
She was taken to Misericordia Hospital in New York City for treatment but her condition did not improve.
 Clark and McCullough Clark and McCullough were a comedy team consisting of comedians Bobby Clark and Paul McCullough.
The two were childhood friends in Springfield, Ohio, and spent hours practicing tumbling and gymnastics in school.
Each film cast the duo in different occupations, which they would tackle enthusiastically if not efficiently.
Clark continued to appear on stage and television into the 1950s; he died in 1960. 
Lalí later became a host for various Univision series before beginning a career as an actress.
In 2009, Lalí can be seen opposite actress Michelle Rodriguez in the historical drama Trópico de Sangre. 
Claudette Nevins was born in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania and grew up in Brooklyn, New York.

She has two older brothers and currently resides in Los Angeles and London, England, Career.
J. Michael Straczynski, the series' creator, maintains that she chose to leave on her own.
She voices Anne Manx in the full cast recordings for the Radio Repertory Company of America.
Christian conceived her own convention, Claudia Con UK, which took place in the United Kingdom on August 13–14, 2011.
 Claudia Dell Claudia Dell was an American showgirl and actress of the stage and Hollywood motion pictures.
Claudia's first experience as an entertainer was playing her violin for soldiers at Kelly Field during World War I.
She studied acting in New York City at the Academy and singing at the Juilliard School.
While in England, scouts from Warner Brothers noticed her and asked her to come to Hollywood.
She returned to New York along with her aunt following a tour of southern Europe.
She was given a contract by Warner Bros. to star in a number of musical pictures.
Unfortunately, late in 1930, due to the beginning of the Great Depression, the public had grown weary of musicals.
Warner Brothers, however, had already begun to film two other musicals in which Dell was given a leading role.
Warner Bros. dropped her option in 1931 and Claudia was relegated to Poverty Row productions.
The couple honeymooned at the Palm Springs, California, desert resort and also in Europe.
By the close of the 1930s she was reduced to playing minor roles, and the 1940s continued her career decline.
She worked as a receptionist in a beauty shop in Hollywood and made appearances in early television dramas.
Previously, she had worked 12 years as director of the John Robert Powers School in Beverly Hills, California.
She wrote a syndicated column for eight years and in 1973 completed a collaboration with English author Helga Moray.
Jennings died in an automobile collision while driving on the Pacific Coast Highway near Malibu, California.
Lee was born Claudia Lee Mirkowski in Lafayette Indiana, to Denise and Klaudius Mirkowski.
At the age of 3, her parents enrolled her in dance classes, where she studied ballet, jazz and tap-dancing for 10 years.
When she was 8 years old, Lee expressed a desire to learn her father’s native language.
At age 13, she attended the School of Creative and Performing Arts summer camp in Vermont.
There, her roommate introduced Lee to an agent from Hollywood who was instrumental in bringing her to Los Angeles.
Within her first few weeks, Lee landed a role in a national TV commercial for Comcast with actor Zachary Levi .
Morgan died in New York City September 17, 1974, aged 63, from undisclosed causes. 
Shear won an Obie Award, Special Citation and a 1994 Drama Desk Award nomination for Outstanding Solo Performance.
She earned Tony and Drama Desk Award nominations for both Best Play and Best Actress and won the Theatre World Award.
The musical premiered at the Alliance Theatre, Atlanta, from January 21, 2015 to February 22, 2015.

By 1910, she had begun performing as part of a theatre troupe known as the Santa Barbara Stock Company in California.
In 1913, she was contracted by the Universal Film Manufacturing Company to begin appearing in feature films.
She made several efforts to set up a production company before leaving show business in 1924.
Cleo Madison was born Lulu Bailey in Bloomington, Illinois on March 26, 1883.
After completing her education, she moved to California in order to pursue her dream of performing professionally.
She made her first professional appearances on the stages of the Burbank Theatre and the Belasco in 1911.
In 1915, Madison became one of the few women in Hollywood to begin directing her own short and feature films.
Madison, known for her progressive views, was eager to begin work and was confident in her own ability.
Before her marriage she resided with her sister, Helen, in a bungalow in Hollywood.
After leaving the film industey, she lived her remaining years in California with her husband, Don Peake.
 Cloris Leachman Cloris Leachman is an American actress of stage, film, and television.
As Miss Chicago, Leachman competed in the 20th Miss America pageant and placed in the Top 16 in 1946.
She appeared as a roaster in the Comedy Central Roast of Bob Saget in 2008.
At the age of 82, she is the oldest contestant to have danced on the series.
Leachman was born in Des Moines, Iowa, where she attended Theodore Roosevelt High School.
Leachman began appearing on television and in films shortly after competing in Miss America as Miss Chicago 1946.
Before that she was very active at the Des Moines Playhouse, starring in many productions.
It was there that she met the first love of her life, Andrew Morgan.
She played the high school gym teacher's neglected wife, with whom Timothy Bottoms' character has an affair.
The part was originally offered to Ellen Burstyn, who wanted another role in the film.
In 1978, she won the Sarah Siddons Award for her work in Chicago theatre.
Dubbed by Disney in 1998, Leachman's performance in this film received nearly unanimous praise.
On May 14, 2006, she was awarded an honorary Doctorate in Fine Arts from Drake University.
On June 20, 2014, Leachman received an honorary degree from her alma mater, Northwestern University.
Mel Brooks was quoted as saying that Leachman, at 81, was too old for the role.
The marriage produced five children, four sons and one daughter: Bryan , Morgan, Adam, Dinah and George.
Leachman was also a friend of Marlon Brando, whom she met while studying under Elia Kazan in the 1950s.
A vegetarian, Leachman also posed clad only in lettuce for a 2009 PETA advertisement.
Leachman also starred in a comedic 2013 spay and neuter ad for PETA, opening a condom wrapper with her teeth.
She was born on September 20, 1887 in Lakeview, Oregon as Esther Ellen Cobb to Benjamin M. Cobb and Della Holmes .
In the early part of the 20th century, she was a coloratura soprano, using the stage name Esther Cobina.
 Coco Lee Coco Lee is a Hong Kong-born American singer-songwriter, record producer, dancer, and actress.
It was named as the theme for the 14th FINA world championships, that took place in Shanghai on 16 July 2011.
She has two elder sisters, Nancy, who was her manager before, and Carol.
When she was 9 years old, her mother brought Lee and her sisters to live in San Francisco.
There, Lee went to Presidio Middle School, where she was the volleyball team captain.
In 1991, she represented her high school in the Miss Teen Chinatown Pageant, winning first place.

She was born Doris Bernice Jensen on October 23, 1922 in Staplehurst, Nebraska, the daughter of a farmer.
She travelled to California, and worked as a waitress in a restaurant in La Jolla.
After several weeks there, she moved to Los Angeles and enrolled in the University of California.
She also worked in the school's library and at a YWCA while a student.
Gray died in her Bel Air, Los Angeles home on August 3, 2015, of natural causes.
Gray was a member of the board of directors at her alma mater, Hamline University. 
 Colette Hiller Colette Hiller is an American actress who starred on film, theatre and television.
As its Creative Director, Colette Hiller was instrumental in setting up SingLondon in 2007.
She often is cast as a police officer, appearing in two of the Police Academy films.
Camp was married to John Goldwyn, a Paramount executive, from 1986 to 2001.
The Dewhursts moved to Massachusetts in 1928 or 1929, staying in Boston, Dorchester, Auburndale, and West Newton.
Later they moved to New York City, and then to Whitefish Bay, Wisconsin.
We were in a hit that would have a positive effect on my career, as well as Joe's, but I missed the shouting.
Dewhurst won a total of two Tony Awards and four Emmy Awards for her stage and television work.
She was president of the Actors' Equity Association from 1985 until her death from cervical cancer in 1991.
During the last years of her life, she lived on a farm in South Salem, New York, with her partner, Ken Marsolais.
Dewhurst's Christian Science beliefs led to her refusal to countenance any kind of surgical treatment.
Maureen Stapleton wrote about Dewhurst: Colleen looked like a warrior, so people assumed she was the earth mother.
She couldn't stop herself from taking care of people, which she then did with more care than she took care of herself.
Dewhurst died of cervical cancer, age 67, at her South Salem home in 1991.
She was cremated and her ashes were given to family and friends; no public service was planned.

 Colleen Haskell Colleen Marie Haskell is a former American reality show contestant, television producer, and actress.
 Colleen Moore Colleen Moore was an American film actress who began her career during the silent film era.
Moore became one of the most fashionable stars of the era and helped popularize the bobbed haircut.
By 1905 the family had moved to Hillsdale, Michigan where they remained for over two years.
Two great passions of Moore's were dolls and movies; each would play a great role in her later life.
She and her brother began their own stock company, reputedly performing on a stage created from a piano packing crate.
Essanay Studios was within walking distance of the Northwestern L, which ran right past the Howey residence.
Her eyes passed the test, so she left for Hollywood with her grandmother and her mother as chaperones.
under her arm, Colin Campbell arranged for her to get a contract with Selig Polyscope.
Both films were based upon poems by James Whitcomb Riley, and both proved to be very popular.
Despite her good notices, her luck took a turn for the worse when Selig Polyscope went bust.
Once again Moore found herself unemployed, but she had begun to make a name for herself by 1919.
Moore wrote that while she had a crush on Mix, he only had eyes for her mother.
All the while, Marshall Neilan had been attempting to get Moore released from her contract so she could work for him.
For all his efforts to win Moore away from Christie, it seems Neilan loaned Moore to other studios most of the time.
Her injury forced the production to shut down while Moore spent six weeks in a body cast in bed.
Once out of the cast, she completed the film and left for Europe on a triumphal tour.
Moore continued working on it, and contributing artifacts to it, until her death.
The third house was possibly given to the daughter of Moore's good friend, author Adela Rogers St. Johns.
With the advent of talking pictures in 1929, Moore took a hiatus from acting.
After divorcing McCormick in 1930, Moore married prominent New York-based stockbroker Albert Parker Scott in 1932.
In 1934, Moore, by then divorced from Albert Parker Scott, returned to work in Hollywood.
She appeared in three films, none of which was successful, and Moore retired.
In the 1960s, Moore formed a television production company with King Vidor with whom she had worked in the 1920s.
Some time later, Warner Brothers asked for their nitrate materials to be returned to them.
Moore's earlier First National films were also sent, since Warners later acquired First National.
Many years later, Moore inquired about her collection and MOMA found the films languishing unprotected.
Heartbroken, she tried in vain to retrieve any prints she could from several sources without much success.
She was an astute investor, and through her investments remained wealthy for the rest of her life.
On January 25, 1988, Moore died from cancer in Paso Robles, California, aged 88.
Townsend began a film career in 1944, appearing in minor roles in several films.
By 1946, she was appearing on the cover of magazines, and in 1947 was signed to a contract by 20th Century Fox.
Louis Evans was the founding pastor of Bel Air Presbyterian Church, which began in the Evans home.
She and her family relocated to Washington to work on improving relationships with the African-American community.
Wolfe was raised in Virginia, where she was the King George Fall Festival Pageant Queen of 1997.
She graduated from King George High School and later attended Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University.
 Collin Wilcox Collin Wilcox was an American actress in film, on stage and television.
She was born in Cincinnati and moved with her family to Highlands, North Carolina, as a baby.
On October 14, 2009, Wilcox died from brain cancer, aged 74, at her home in Highlands, North Carolina.
She is also survived by her sister, Jeremy Wilcox, who still resides in Highlands, North Carolina.

Other countries near the Comoros are Tanzania to the northwest and the Seychelles to the northeast.
At , excluding the contested island of Mayotte, the Comoros is the third-smallest African nation by area.
The Union of the Comoros has three official languages – Comorian, Arabic and French – .
about half the population lives below the international poverty line of US$1.25 a day.
According to pre-Islamic mythology, a jinni dropped a jewel, which formed a great circular inferno.
Many Comorians can trace their genealogies to ancestors from Yemen, mainly Hadramawt, and Oman.
Nonetheless, after a stay in Mecca, he returned to Ngazidja and led the gradual conversion of his islanders to Islam.
As the importance of the Comoros grew along the East African coast, both small and large mosques were constructed.
On the Comoros, it was estimated in 1865 that as much as 40% of the population consisted of slaves.
In 1886, Mohéli was placed under French protection by its Sultan Mardjani Abdou Cheikh.
In 1912 the colony and the protectorates were abolished and the islands became a province of the colony of Madagascar.
Agreement was reached with France in 1973 for the Comoros to become independent in 1978.
Three voted for independence by large margins, while Mayotte voted against, and remains under French administration.
On 6 July 1975, however, the Comorian parliament passed a unilateral resolution declaring independence.
Months later, in January 1976, Jaffar was ousted in favor of his Minister of Defense Ali Soilih.
At this time, the population of Mayotte voted against independence from France in two referenda.
During Soilih's brief rule, he faced seven additional coup attempts until he was finally forced from office and killed.
Although Denard was also injured, it is suspected that Abdallah's killer was a soldier under his command.
A few days later, Bob Denard was evacuated to South Africa by French paratroopers.
The French removed Djohar to Reunion, and the Paris-backed Mohamed Taki Abdoulkarim became president by election.
But France rejected their request, leading to bloody confrontations between federal troops and rebels.
This was the Comoros' 18th coup, or attempted coup d'état since independence in 1975.
Azali stepped down in 2002 to run in the democratic election of the President of the Comoros, which he won.
Colonel Mohammed Bacar, a French-trained former gendarme, seized power as President in Anjouan in 2001.
Bacar fled in a speedboat to the French Indian Ocean territory of Mayotte to seek asylum.
Since independence from France, the Comoros experienced more than 20 coups or attempted coups.
Following elections in late 2010, former Vice-President Ikililou Dhoinine was inaugurated as President on 26 May 2011.
Dhoinine, a pharmacist by training, is the first President of the Comoros from the island of Mohéli.
Ngazidja is the largest of the Comoros Archipelago, approximately equal in area to the other islands combined.
Mwali, with its capital at Fomboni, is the smallest of the four major islands.
The climate is generally tropical and mild, and the two major seasons are distinguishable by their relative raininess.
traditional men clothing would be a colorful long skirt, a long white shirt Government.
The presidency and Assembly of the Union are distinct from each of the Islands' governments.
The Comorian legal system rests on Islamic law, an inherited French legal code, and customary law .
As High Court of Justice, the Supreme Court also arbitrates in cases where the government is accused of malpractice.
A referendum took place on 16 May 2009 to decide whether to cut down the government's unwieldy political bureaucracy.
52.7% of those eligible voted, and 93.8% of votes were cast in approval of the referendum.
The referendum would cause each island's president to become a governor and the ministers to become councilors.
In 2004 the Comoros' real GDP growth was a low 1.9% and real GDP per capita continued to decline.
Agriculture contributes 40% to GDP, employs 80% of the labor force, and provides most of the exports.
The Comoros is the world's largest producer of ylang-ylang, and a large producer of vanilla.
The Comoros claims the Banc du Geyser and the Glorioso Islands as part of its exclusive economic zone.
The Comoros is a member of the Organization for the Harmonization of Business Law in Africa .
Malagasy and Indian minorities also exist, as well as minorities mostly descended from early French settlers.
It is a language related to Swahili, with four different variants being spoken on each of the four islands.
Arabic is widely known as a second language, being the language of Quranic teaching.
A Malagasy language, Kibushi, is spoken by approximately a third of the population of Mayotte.
Sunni Islam is the dominant religion, representing as much as 98% of the population.
A minority of the population of Mayotte, mostly immigrants from metropolitan France, are Roman Catholic.
Some parents specifically choose this early schooling to offset French schools children usually attend later.
In 2000, 44.2% of children ages 5 to 14 years were attending school.
There is a general lack of facilities, equipment, qualified teachers, textbooks and other resources.
However, there are differences between the islands, the matrilineal element being stronger on Ngazidja.
Radio Comoros is the national radio service and Comoros National TV is the television service.
This article incorporates text from the Library of Congress Country Studies, which is in the public domain. 

Ferrell was born in Charleston, West Virginia, the daughter of Mescal Loraine and Luther Martin Ferrell.
She had previously appeared in an episode of the show in 1988 as Lorna Landsberg.

They moved to Manhattan together in 1989, married in 1991 and divorced in 1995.
On April 2, 2014, Britton became the 10th Goodwill Ambassador of the , the anti-poverty agency of the UN.
She joins celebrities such as Antonio Banderas, Maria Sharapova, Zinedine Zidane and Ronaldo in this role.
She will focus her advocacy efforts on eradicating extreme poverty, fighting exclusion and empowering women. 
Born Consuelo Cezon in Oakland, California, Cezon made over 30 film and television appearances between 1951 and 1964.
Though her surname was spelled 'Cezan' in the Stooge films, it appears as 'Cezon' in all her other appearances.
Although her chart success waned in the second half of the 1960s, Francis remained a top concert draw.
Despite several severe interruptions in her career, she is still active as a recording and performing artist.
Francis considered a career in medicine and was about to accept a four-year scholarship offered at New York University.
By mid-year, over a million copies had been sold, and Francis was suddenly launched into worldwide stardom.
After a few hours, Francis began writing in her diary while the songwriters played the last of their ballads.
Greenfield urged Sedaka to sing a song they had written that morning with the Shepherd Sisters in mind.
When he finished, Francis announced that he had just played her new hit record.
It soon entered the album charts where it remained for 81 weeks, peaking at #4.
The last became her signature tune and was also the theme song of Francis' first motion picture of the same name.
She went through several more operations and even when she got her voice back, she was forced to take vocal lessons.
Although she had taken vocal lessons beforehand, this was the first time she had been asked to do so.
She recorded this song also in Japanese, Italian, and Spanish, as she had done before with her original 1960 version.
All three albums and the singles culled from them were released on United Artists Records.
In 1992, a medley of remixed versions of her biggest German hits charted in Germany.
A subsequent compilation album of her biggest German hits in their original versions was also released successfully.
In late December 2004, Francis headlined in Las Vegas for the first time since 1989.
In March and October 2007, Francis performed to sold-out crowds at the Castro Theatre in San Francisco.
She appeared in concert in Manila, the Philippines, on Valentine's Day 2008.
The longest-lasting union was five years with Joseph Garzilli, a restaurateur and travel-agency owner.
Early in her career, Francis was introduced to Bobby Darin, then an up-and-coming singer and songwriter.
Despite some disagreement about material, after several weeks Darin and Francis developed a romantic relationship.
By the time of the latter's taping, Bobby Darin had married actress Sandra Dee.
She has done a lot of things for victims' rights since her rape in the '70s ...
Francis brought a suit alleging that Universal Music Group took advantage of her condition and stopped paying royalties.
She eventually made her way to Hollywood, where she was signed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer to a ten-year contract in 1939.
A member of the class of 1948 at Dedham High School, she was voted the most popular girl in her class.
After her father's death, she went on to marry an insurance agent and moved to Jacksonville, Florida.
She worked as a model there and as a radio and stage actress and joined a stock company in Miami.
By the time she was divorced, Hines traveled to New York City to study with the Helen Hayes Equity Group.
She also said that playing the same role wasn't the greatest part in the world.
A divorcee, she remarried in 1970 to Lee Savin, an entertainment lawyer and producer.
Hines died from heart problems on December 18, 2009 at her home in Beverly Hills, California. 

Her parents were divorced and she lived with her grandparents and attended Catholic boarding schools.
When she was 16, she replaced the alto in a singing group, The Three Debs.
She enrolled at a professional school , sang professionally and appeared in local repertory theater.
She also was seen numerous times on the Bob Hope USO specials, including his Christmas Show from the Persian Gulf .
In 1987 she toured, along with Barbara Eden and Lee Greenwood, with Bob Hope on his USO tour to the Persian Gulf.
The following year it won the title of Best Film at the Santa Clarita International Film Festival.
She maintains homes in Beverly Hills, Palm Springs, Jackson Hole, Wyoming and New York City.
On September 23, 2005, Stevens was elected secretary-treasurer of the Screen Actors' Guild.
 Constance Adams DeMille Constance Adams DeMille actress and wife of famed filmmaker Cecil Blount DeMille.
Therefore, both women in Constance’s life were named Ella, her mother and her stepmother, Ella King Adams.
She appeared on Broadway, starring in the play, The Man on the Box.
While performing, she met and later married Cecil B. DeMille on August 16, 1902 in her birthplace of Orange, New Jersey.
Constance outlived her husband by a year and a half, dying in the summer of 1960.
Lowell Sherman co-starred as the film director who discovers her, and Neil Hamilton as the wealthy playboy she marries.
By the 1940s, Bennett was working less frequently in film but was in demand in both radio and theatre.
Shrewd investments had made her a wealthy woman, and she founded a cosmetics and clothing company.
Shortly after filming was completed, Bennett collapsed and died from a cerebral hemorrhage at the age of 60.
Bennett was the aunt of Morton Downey Jr., the son of Constance's sister Barbara. 
However, this marriage was childless and the couple were estranged after the war ended, divorcing in 1951.
Constance Binney died in 1989 in Whitestone, Queens, New York City, aged 93. 
She appeared in pantomime at the Lyceum with Naughton and Gold in the Christmas 1930 season.
During World War II, Carpenter entertained troops throughout Europe, the Middle East and Asia.
 Constance Cummings Constance Cummings, CBE was an American actress, known for her work on both screen and stage.
She began as a stage actress, landing her first role on Broadway in Treasure Girl by the age of 18.
While appearing on Broadway, she was discovered by Samuel Goldwyn, who brought her to Hollywood in 1931.
She was married to the playwright and screenwriter Benn Levy from 1933 until his death in 1973.
Constance Cummings Levy died in Oxfordshire, England, on November 23, 2005, aged 95, from natural causes. 
 Constance Dowling Constance Dowling was an American model turned actress of the 1940s and 1950s.
Born in New York City, Dowling was a model and chorus girl before moving to California in 1943.
Dowling lived in Italy in 1947 through 1950 and appeared in some unmemorable Italian films.
Dowling had been involved in a long affair with married director Elia Kazan in New York.
On October 28, 1969, Dowling died at the age of 49 of a heart attack. 
When she left the show in 1992 due to declining health, her character was said to be out of town visiting Nancy.


Towers was born in Whitefish, Montana, the daughter of Ardath L. and Harry J.
For this part, she received a Soap Opera Digest Nomination for Best Supporting Actress.
The role appeared to end in early 2013 when her character was allegedly shot to death by longtime rival Luke Spencer.
While that storyline ended in early 2015, Towers returned as part of Anthony Geary's sendoff on July 9th.
She has two children from her first marriage and two stepchildren by her marriage to Gavin.
She serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Blue Ribbon of the Los Angeles Music Center. 
Zimmer was born in Seattle, Washington, to German migrant parents from the former East Prussia.
Zimmer decided to pursue a career in acting after she fell in love with the craft as a high school student.
Following high school, she was accepted to the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in Pasadena.
On January 5, 2008, Zimmer gave birth to a daughter, Colette Zoe, whose father is director Russ Lamoureux.
Among those she supports are the Make-A-Wish Foundation, Natural Resources Defense Council, and Heifer International. 
Browne married actor Philip Pearman in 1950 and remained married to him until his death in 1964.
She became a naturalized United States citizen in 1987 as a gift to Price who later converted to Catholicism for her .
Browne died on 29 May 1991 in Los Angeles, California, from breast cancer; she was 77.
She was born February 21, 1971 in Manhattan; she and her parents moved to Rome, Italy when she was four years old.
Around that time, she began performing on stage in various plays and opera through her childhood in Italy and abroad.
Cataldi-Tassoni has exhibited her paintings in solo and group shows in the USA and abroad. 
Her four siblings are her three brothers, Billy, Scott, and Glenn, and her sister, Robin.
Nor was it known as of that date when or why she decided to pursue modeling and acting as a career.
In 1982, she was the Pet of the Year; she married actor Ken Wahl two years later, in 1984.
But by then, her marriage to Wahl was falling apart; they divorced that year.
She studied at The Tarot School of New York, receiving two certifications in advanced tarot card reading.
 Corinne Calvet Corinne Calvet , born Corinne Dibos, was a French actress who appeared mostly in American films.
Her mother was a scientist who played a part in the development of Pyrex glass.
, she stated that the roles she played for Hollywood studios never challenged her acting ability.
Shortly after the advent of sound film, Griffith retired from acting and became a successful author.
She attended Sacred Heart Convent school in New Orleans and worked as a dancer before she began her acting career.
She later moved to First National, where she became one of their most popular stars.
Griffith's voice did not record well , and the film was a box office flop.
Griffith was one of the few film stars to move successfully into new careers once her stardom had ended.
While married to Marshall, she introduced NFL Commissioner Bert Bell to his future wife.
She was a California Republican Committee Woman and an early advocate for the career of Richard Nixon.
She was the long time consort to Curly Lambeau, who recommended various methods for operating a pro football team.
In 1966, within a few days, she married and divorced her fourth husband, Broadway actor Danny Scholl .
She claimed that she was the actress's younger sister who had taken her place upon the famous sister's death.
On July 13, 1979, Griffith died of heart failure in Santa Monica, California, aged 84.
Skinner was the daughter of the actor Otis Skinner and his wife, Maud Durbin.
An original cast recording was produced by Goddard Lieberson for Columbia Records, now available on compact disc.
She is also a longtime friend of actress Christine Lakin, with whom she produced a short film.
They have a son named Radley Mills Bentli, born on June 21, 2013.

 Courtnee Draper Courtnee Alyssa Draper is an American actress, singer, artist, lawyer, and voice actress.
As a result, she has resided in and visited many areas of the United States and the Far East .
She was introduced to old films and musicals at age five while living in Okinawa, Japan.
The couple were engaged on August 23, 2006, and married November 24, 2007 at El Capitan Ranch in Santa Barbara.
Their first child, a son named Leo James, was born on August 10, 2012.
Halverson was born in Orange County, California and graduated from high school at the age of 15.

In 2015, Love toured as the opening act for Lana Del Rey's Endless Summer Tour.
She has one daughter, Frances Bean Cobain, from her marriage to Kurt Cobain.
According to sources, Love's mother, who was studying to be a psychologist, had Love in therapy by the age of two.
At age fourteen, Love was arrested for shoplifting a T-shirt and was sent to Hillcrest Correctional Facility.
She spent the following several years in foster care before becoming legally emancipated at age sixteen.
While there, she audited courses at Trinity College, studying theology for two semesters.
The group played several house shows and recorded one 4-track demo before disbanding in late 1985.
Love recruited lead guitarist Eric Erlandson; Lisa Roberts, her neighbor, as bassist; and drummer Caroline Rue.
Hole played their first show in November 1989 at Raji's, a rock club in central Hollywood.
They also performed at the Whisky A Go Go opening for Sonic Youth, and at CBGB in New York City.
The album featured a new lineup, with bassist Kristen Pfaff and drummer Patty Schemel.
She said she was influenced by Neil Young, Fleetwood Mac, and My Bloody Valentine when writing the album.
In 1999, Love was awarded an Orville H. Gibson award for Best Female Rock Guitarist.
Sure, the art becomes less compelling when you've been pulling the same stunts for a decade.
For the new line-up, Love recruited guitarist Micko Larkin, Shawn Dailey , and Stu Fisher .
Usually I always have a Fleetwood Mac reference as well as having, like, Big Black references.
Love later said she had been influenced by the fashion of Chrissy Amphlett of the Divinyls.
The artist Barbara Kruger used one of Love's quotes on her NYC bus project.
Peldon graduated from Skidmore College where she majored in Abnormal psychology and minored in Film.

Thorne-Smith was born in San Francisco, California, and grew up in Menlo Park, a suburb south of San Francisco.
Her father, Walter Smith, was a computer market researcher, and her mother, Lora Thorne, was a therapist.
They divorced when Courtney was seven years old and she lived with both parents at different stages.
She also performed with the Ensemble Theater Company in Mill Valley while attending high school.
Thorne-Smith originally auditioned for the title role in the show, which ultimately went to Calista Flockhart.
In 2007, her real-life pregnancy was hidden on the show at first, but was then written into the plot.
She appeared in two episodes of season seven and several others in seasons eight through twelve.
In June 2000, the actress married geneticist Andrew Conrad; the couple divorced in January 2001.
On January 11, 2008, aged 40, she gave birth to their first child, Jacob Emerson Fishman. 

While proud of her acting career, she has no desire to return to it. 
She was born in Lynwood, California, and is a graduate of Stanford University.
Its capital city is Zagreb, which forms one of the country's primary subdivisions, along with its twenty counties.
The Croats arrived in the area of present-day Croatia during the early part of the 7th century AD.
Tomislav became the first king by 925, elevating Croatia to the status of a kingdom.
In June 1991, Croatia declared independence, which came into effect on 8 October of the same year.
The Croatian War of Independence was fought successfully during the four years following the declaration.
The service sector dominates Croatia's economy, followed by the industrial sector and agriculture.
Internal sources produce a significant portion of energy in Croatia; the rest is imported.
The origin of the name is uncertain, but is thought to be a Gothic or Indo-Aryan term assigned to a Slavic tribe.
The first attestation of the Latin term is attributed to a charter of Duke Trpimir from the year 852.
The original is lost, and just a 1568 copy is preserved—leading to doubts over the authenticity of the claim.
Remnants of several Neolithic and Chalcolithic cultures were found in all regions of the country.
The Iron Age left traces of the early Illyrian Hallstatt culture and the Celtic La Tène culture.
In 9 AD the territory of today's Croatia became part of the Roman Empire.
The record represents the first document of Croatian realms, vassal states of Francia at the time.
When Stjepan II died in 1091 ending the Trpimirović dynasty, Ladislaus I of Hungary claimed Croatian crown.
Opposition to the claim led to a war and personal union of Croatia and Hungary in 1102, ruled by Coloman.
For the next four centuries, the Kingdom of Croatia was ruled by the Sabor and a Ban appointed by the king.
The military territories would become known as the Croatian Military Frontier and were under direct Imperial control.
Dalmatia, the southern part of the border, was similarly defined by the Fifth and the Seventh Ottoman–Venetian Wars.
Croats migrated towards Austria and the present-day Burgenland Croats are direct descendants of these settlers.
Serb migration into this region peaked during the Great Serb Migrations of 1690 and 1737–39.
In response the Royal Navy started the blockade of the Adriatic Sea leading to the Battle of Vis in 1811.
Furthermore, a significant number of Serbs were killed by the Ustaše on the territory of the NDH during the war.
Croatian estimates for the number of Croats killed by Chetniks in the whole of Yugoslavia range from 18,000 to 32,000 .
The war effectively ended in 1995 with a decisive victory by Croatia in August 1995.
The country signed a Stabilization and Association Agreement with the European Union in October 2001.
Croatia became member of NATO on 1 April 2009, and joined the European Union on 1 July 2013.
Insular Croatia consists of over a thousand islands and islets varying in size, 48 of which are permanently inhabited.
The largest islands are Cres and Krk, each of them having an area of around .
Karst topography makes up about half of Croatia and is especially prominent in the Dinaric Alps.
The lakes are renowned for their distinctive colours, ranging from turquoise to mint green, grey or blue.
Most of Croatia has a moderately warm and rainy continental climate as defined by the Köppen climate classification.
The coldest parts of the country are Lika and Gorski Kotar where snowy forested climate is found at elevations above .
The maximum precipitation levels are observed on the Dinara mountain range and in Gorski kotar.
Forests are also significantly present in the country, as they cover representing 44% of Croatian land surface.
The other habitat types include wetlands, grasslands, bogs, fens, scrub habitats, coastal and marine habitats.
There are 37,000 known species in Croatia, but their actual number is estimated to be between 50,000 and 100,000.
The most recent presidential elections were held on 11 January 2015, when Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović won.
Since 23 December 2011, the prime minister of the government has been Zoran Milanović.
The number of Sabor members can vary from 100 to 160; they are all elected by popular vote to serve four-year terms.
The sessions of the Sabor take place from 15 January to 15 July, and from 15 September to 15 December.
Croatia has a three-tiered judicial system, made up of the Supreme Court, County courts, and Municipal courts.
Borders of the counties changed in some instances since, with the latest revision taking place in 2006.
NUTS 1 level places the entire country in a single unit, while there are three NUTS 2 regions.
Individual counties and the city of Zagreb also represent NUTS 3 level subdivision units in Croatia.
As of 2009, Croatia maintains a network of 51 embassies, 24 consulates and eight permanent diplomatic missions abroad.
In December 2011, Croatia completed the EU accession negotiations and signed an EU accession treaty on 9 December 2011.
Since 2005 the budget was kept below 2% of GDP, down from the record high of 11.1% in 1994.
Uniforms and helmets worn by CAF soldiers are also locally produced and successfully marketed to other countries.
According to Eurostat data, Croatian PPS GDP per capita stood at 61% of the EU average in 2012.
The average net salary of a Croatian worker in March 2013 was 5,516 kuna  per month.
According to 2004 data, 2.7% of the workforce were employed in agriculture, 32.8% by industry and 64.5% in services.
In 2010, Croatian exports were valued at 64.9 billion kuna with 110.3 billion kuna worth of imports.
In 2011 the country has been ranked 66th by Transparency International with a Corruption Perceptions Index of 4.0.
In June 2013, the national debt stood at 59.5% of the nation's GDP.
Tourism dominates the Croatian service sector and accounts for up to 20% of Croatian GDP.
The industry is considered an export business, because it significantly reduces the country's external trade imbalance.
The most numerous are tourists from Germany, Slovenia, Austria and the Czech Republic as well as Croatia itself.
Croatia has unpolluted marine areas reflected through numerous nature reserves and 116 Blue Flag beaches.
About 15% of these visitors are involved with naturism, an industry for which Croatia is world famous.
Croatia has an extensive rail network spanning , including of electrified railways and of double track railways.
There are international airports in Zagreb, Zadar, Split, Dubrovnik, Rijeka, Osijek and Pula.
The busiest cargo seaport in Croatia is the Port of Rijeka and the busiest passenger ports are Split and Zadar.
Croatian production of energy sources covers 85% of nationwide natural gas demand and 19% of oil demand.
With its population of 4.28 million in 2011, Croatia ranks 125th by population in the world.
The total fertility rate of 1.5 children per mother, is one of the lowest in the world.
The natural growth rate of the population is currently negative with the demographic transition completed in the 1970s.
In accordance with its immigration policy, Croatia is trying to entice emigrants to return.
Most of Croatia's remaining Serbs never lived in areas occupied in the Croatian War of Independence.
Croatia is inhabited mostly by Croats and is ethnically the most homogeneous of the six countries of former Yugoslavia.
Minority groups include Serbs , Bosniaks, Hungarians, Italians, Slovenes, Germans, Czechs, Romani people and others .
Reported 519 people have been attained, of which 46 will face criminal charges for trespassing.
These people are here , they are children, men, women who want to come to work, to create.
Even during socialist rule, Croats often referred to their language as Croato-Serbian or as Croatian.
Croatian replaced Latin as the official language of the Croatian government in the 19th century.
A 2009 survey revealed that 78% of Croatians claim knowledge of at least one foreign language.
French and Russian are spoken by 4% each, and 2% of Croatians speak Spanish.
Primary education in Croatia starts at the age of six or seven and consists of eight grades.
In 2007 a law was passed to increase free, noncompulsory education until 18 years of age.
As of 2010, there are 2,131 elementary schools and 713 schools providing various forms of secondary education.
It comprises three compulsory subjects and optional subjects and is a prerequisite for university education.
The University of Zagreb, founded in 1669, is the oldest continuously operating university in Southeast Europe.
There are also 11 polytechnics and 23 higher education institutions, of which 19 are private.
In total, there are 132 institutions of higher education in Croatia, attended by more than 145 thousand students.
Combined, they spent more than 3 billion kuna and employed 10,191 full-time research staff in 2008.
Among the scientific institutes operating in Croatia, the largest is the Ruđer Bošković Institute in Zagreb.
The population is covered by a basic health insurance plan provided by statute and optional insurance.
There are hundreds of healthcare institutions in Croatia, including 79 hospitals and clinics with 23,967 beds.
There are 6,379 private practice offices, and a total of 41,271 health workers in the country.
There are 63 emergency medical service units, responding to more than a million calls.
In 2009 only 13 Croatians had been infected with HIV/AIDS and 6 had died from the disease.
In 2008 it was estimated by the WHO that 27.4% of Croatians over age of 15 are smokers.
According to 2003 WHO data, 22% of the Croatian adult population is obese.
Because of its geographic position, Croatia represents a blend of four different cultural spheres.
Furthermore, there are 1,685 libraries in the country, containing more than 23.5 million volumes, and 15 archives.
In 2009, more than 7,200 books and brochures were published, along with 2,678 magazines and 314 newspapers.
Croatia has established a high level of human development and gender equality in terms of the Human Development Index.
With the waning of the Ottoman Empire, art flourished during the Baroque and Rococo.
The beginning of more vigorous development of Croatian literature is marked by the Renaissance and Marko Marulić.
The freedom of the press and the freedom of speech are guaranteed by the constitution of Croatia.
Croatia ranked 62nd in the 2010 Press Freedom Index report compiled by Reporters Without Borders.
The Prva HNL football league attracts the highest average attendance of any professional sports league in the country.
She has appeared in many television commercials, including ads for Tic Tac Mints, Nissan and more recently, Almay.
Crystal has been teaching and coaching professionally in Los Angeles for the last 16 years.
More recently, Crystal has committed to pursuing a full-time career as an acting coach.

While working on the project, she was asked to perform for a show in the Netherlands.
She also wrote and performed songs that were featured on the sound tracks of those two films.
Hunt started her career by participating in pageants at 2 years old; her pageant talent was acting.
She received a Daytime Emmy Award nomination in 2005 for Outstanding Younger Actress in a Drama Series for the role.
She returned to the show as the ghostly Stacy in March 2010, and in Clint Buchanan's vision of Hell in January 2012.
Hunt owned My Pets Dream Boutique, a high-end pet boutique in her hometown of Clearwater, Florida.
Born in La Jolla, California, McKellar moved with her family to Los Angeles when she was seven.
Her mother Mahalia was a homemaker; her father Christopher is a real estate developer.
Her mother's ancestry is Portuguese ; her father's ancestry is Scottish, Irish, French, German, and Dutch.
As a result, Crystal became a corporate lawyer, while Danica majored in mathematics.
She and her sister Danica were both students at the Diane Hill Hardin Young Actors Space school.
Crystal would go on to play Becky Slater, a recurring character and onetime love interest of Kevin Arnold.

The film became a critical and box office hit, earning several Academy Awards and nominations.
Also in 1972, Shepherd posed as a Kodak Girl for the camera manufacturer's then ubiquitous cardboard displays.
She portrayed an ethereal beauty with whom Robert De Niro's character, Travis Bickle, becomes enthralled.
A lighthearted combination of mystery and comedy, the series won Shepherd two Golden Globe awards.
Throughout her career, Shepherd has been an outspoken activist for issues such as gay rights and abortion rights.
She became pregnant and they married that year, but the marriage ended in divorce in 1982.
It was Harrison who noticed a patch on Shepherd's back which was diagnosed as melanoma and subsequently removed.
After recovering from polio as a child, and studying ballet, Charisse entered films in the 1940s.
She was a sickly girl who started dancing lessons at six to build up her strength after a bout with polio.
Astaire, with Hermes Pan's help, creates fabulous numbers – for himself and his partner.
I think, however, that Astaire's coordination is better than Kelly's ... his sense of rhythm is uncanny.
... To sum it up, I'd say they were the two greatest dancing personalities who were ever on screen.
They had a son, Tony Martin, Jr. , and remained married until her death.
Her daughter-in-law is actress and model Liv Lindeland, married to Tony Martin, Jr. until his death in 2011.
Sheila Charisse, another daughter-in-law died in the American Airlines Flight 191 tragedy on May 25, 1979.
Charisse, like her husband Tony Martin, Sr., was a staunch Republican and campaigned for Richard Nixon in 1968.

Born in Chicago, Illinois, as Cynthia Williams, she was known as Cindy Williams until she started her film career.
The single was popular, reaching #9 on the R&B charts on November 17, 1990.
With the success of the single, Williams had been lined up with Sony to produce her own album.
 Cynthia Daniel Cynthia Lynn Daniel born March 17, 1976, is a former American actress and photographer.
Born in Gainesville, Florida, Cynthia is five minutes younger than her twin sister Brittany.
Daniel has two sons, Ryland and Colt, as well as, daughter, Steely Rose, with husband, actor Cole Hauser. 
In 1991, she played the part of Marge in Sesame Street Home Video Visits the Firehouse.
She was formerly married to Ralph J Erenzo and is currently married to audiobook narrator Richard Ferrone. 
Encouraged at an early age by her mother , Geary studied ballet, voice, and piano.
Her acting career began with a series of national commercials, including spots for Coca-Cola and General Motors.
She has two children by her marriage to Robert Coron, a commercial real estate broker. 
 Cynthia Gibb Cynthia Gibb is an American actress and former model who has starred in film and on television.
In 1988, she received a sympathy card from a fan regarding Andy Gibb's recent death.
Harris was born in New York City, New York, the daughter of Saul Harris, a businessman.
Harris is also one of the co-artistic directors for the Off-Broadway company The Actors Company Theatre.
Kirchner was born in Brooklyn, New York, the daughter of Monica Goldstein and Francis Kirchner.
She has four brothers, Billy, Patrick, Roger, and Timothy, and one sister, Jessica.
In 2000, moved across the country to Los Angeles, California where she stayed until 2002.
She is best known for her work as a model for Guess, Intimissimi and Victoria's Secret.
She began her modeling career in 2002 when she was discovered by Kenya Knight at Nous Model Management in Los Angeles.
She was also the lead in the Brothers Strause production of Seventh Tear and Michael Ojeda's Sex, Lies and Alibis.
In January of 2015, Kirchner founded Supermodel University and Hollywood Academy of the Arts.
Kirchner is currently featured alongside Hugh Laurie in a L'oreal commercial and solo in a Pantene commercial.
 Cynthia Lamontagne Cynthia LaMontagne is an American actress who has appeared in numerous television shows and films.
Her centerfold was photographed by Pompeo Posar, and quickly became a favorite of American troops in Vietnam.
The two theaters were just two blocks apart and Nixon's roles were both short, so she could run from one to the other.
Nixon earned an Emmy nomination as Outstanding Lead Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie for her performance.
In March 2010, Nixon received the Vito Russo Award at the GLAAD Media Awards.
Nixon appeared in a ' episode based on the problems surrounding the Broadway musical '.
Produced by the Manhattan Theatre Club, the play opened January 26, 2012 at the Samuel J. Friedman Theatre.
I'd been with men all my life, and I'd never fallen in love with a woman.
Rhodes, seven years his senior, thought Marx was much too young for her to date at the time.
Marx and Rhodes didn't start their relationship until two years later, when they were reacquainted at a party.
After marrying Marx, Rhodes retired from film acting, dancing, and singing to have her first son.
Rhodes had three boys in total, and gave up her performing career to raise her boys.
In a US Weekly article dated April 4, 2014, Marx's representative confirmed the dissolution of their 25-year marriage. 
She received her 6th degree black belt in Tang Soo Do Moo Duk Kwan in 2006.
Northern California was her home in 1983 where she was on Ernie Reyes' West Coast Demonstration Team.
At this time Golden Harvest was searching in Los Angeles for the next Bruce Lee.
Rothrock's forms and maneuvers were observed and Golden Harvest signed a contract with her.

She was a romantic interest to Hurley and was very mysterious showing up in flashbacks.
Police said both women failed field sobriety tests and were released on $500 bail each.
She is also a member of the cover group The Girls, made up of fellow actresses Alison Brie and Julianna Guill. 
She was married to both David Johansen, of the New York Dolls, and Steven Tyler, of the rock band Aerosmith.
Foxe was born Katheleen Victoria Hetzekian in Santa Monica, California, to an Armenian family.
She later changed her name and began frequenting Max's Kansas City, the famous nightclub, and became an actress.
Foxe had an affair with David Bowie, while working as a publicist for MainMan Artistes LTD, Bowie's management company.
She later became involved with the New York Dolls, a protopunk band often compared to the Stones.
In 1977, after years of dating, Cyrinda married David Johansen, the singer for the New York Dolls.
It was while Foxe was married to Johansen that she met Aerosmith's lead singer, Steven Tyler.
After less than a year of marriage to Johansen, Foxe left him for Steven Tyler.
She received Medicare and food stamps but she had no apartment or place to live.
The Czech Republic includes the historical territories of Bohemia, Moravia, and Czech Silesia.
The Czech state was formed in the late 9th century as the Duchy of Bohemia under the Great Moravian Empire.
After the fall of the Empire in 907, the centre of power transferred from Moravia to Bohemia under the Přemyslids.
Following the 1948 coup d'état, Czechoslovakia became a single-party communist state under Soviet influence.
The Czech Republic is a developed country with an advanced, high income economy and high living standards.
It is a member of the United Nations, the European Union, NATO, the OECD, the OSCE and the Council of Europe.
The German occupation ended on 9 May 1945, with the arrival of the Soviet and American armies and the Prague uprising.
During this time, thousands of Germans were held in prisons and detention camps or used as forced labour.
They formed a coalition government with other parties of the National Front and moved quickly to consolidate power.
The Communist People's Militias secured control of key locations in Prague, and a single party government was formed.
For the next 41 years, Czechoslovakia was a Communist state within the Eastern Bloc.
This period is characterized by lagging behind the West in almost every aspect of social and economic development.
The country's GDP per capita fell from the level of neighboring Austria below that of Greece or Portugal in the 1980s.
The economy grew rapidly during the 1950s but slowed down in the 1960s and 1970s and stagnated in the 1980s.
Dissidents published Charter 77 in 1977, and the first of a new wave of protests were seen in 1988.
Between 1948 and 1989 more than 250,000 Czechs and Slovaks were sent to prison, and over 400,000 emigrated.
Both countries went through economic reforms and privatisations, with the intention of creating a market economy.
The Czech Republic joined NATO on 12 March 1999 and the European Union on 1 May 2004.
He also appoints the prime minister, as well the other members of the cabinet on a proposal by the prime minister.
The Government of the Czech Republic's exercise of executive power derives from the Constitution.
The members of the government are the Prime Minister, Deputy ministers and other ministers.
The Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs have primary roles in setting foreign policy.
The Czech Republic held the Presidency of the Council of the European Union for the first half of 2009.
The Czech armed forces consist of the Army, Air Force and of specialized support units.
Since 2000, the Czech Republic has been divided into thirteen regions and the capital city of Prague.
In Prague, the assembly and presidential powers are executed by the city council and the mayor.
Water from the landlocked Czech Republic flows to three different seas: the North Sea, Baltic Sea and Black Sea.
The oldest is Krkonoše National Park , Šumava National Park , Podyjí National Park, Bohemian Switzerland.
The Czech Republic has a temperate continental climate, with warm summers and cold, cloudy and snowy winters.
The temperature difference between summer and winter is relatively high, due to the landlocked geographical position.
Another important factor is the distribution of the mountains; therefore, the climate is quite varied.
The country's capital, Prague, has a similar average temperature, although this is influenced by urban factors.
During these months, there is usually snow in the mountains and sometimes in the major cities and lowlands.
Spring is also characterized by high water levels in the rivers, due to melting snow with occasional flooding.
During October, temperatures usually fall below or and deciduous trees begin to shed their leaves.
The Czech Republic became a member of the World Trade Organisation on 1 January 1995.
Czech Republic would become the 49th largest economy in the world by 2050 with a GDP of US$ $342 billion.
Monetary policy is conducted by the Czech National Bank, whose independence is guaranteed by the Constitution.
The official currency is the Czech crown, and it had been floating until 7.
2013, when the central bank temporarily pegged the exchange rate at 27 crowns per euro in order to fight deflation.
At the turn of the 20th century, Chicago was the city with the third largest Czech population, after Prague and Vienna.
According to the 2010 US census, there are 1,533,826 Americans of full or partial Czech descent.
Education in the Czech Republic is compulsory for 9 years, but the average number of years of education is 13.1.
Additionally, the Czech Republic has a relatively equal educational system in comparison with other countries in Europe.
The Czech Republic is known worldwide for its individually made, mouth blown and decorated art glass and crystal.
During the Middle Ages, many fortified castles were built by the king and aristocracy, as well as many monasteries.
Emphasis was placed on comfort, and buildings that were built for entertainment purposes also appeared.
In the first third of the 18th century the Bohemian lands were one of the leading artistic centers of the Baroque style.
This was not a simple return to Gothic details, but rather an original Baroque transformation.
During the 19th century, the revival architectural styles were very popular in the Bohemian monarchy.
At the turn of the 19th and 20th centuries the new art style appeared in the Czech lands – Art Nouveau.
The most significant Czech architects of this era were Adolf Loos, Pavel Janák and Josef Gočár.
After the World War II and the Communist coup in 1948 the art in Czechoslovakia came under the strong Soviet influence.
Even today, the Czech Republic is not shying away from the most modern trends of international architecture.
There are also contemporary Czech architects whose works can be found all over the world .
In the late 13th century the royal court in Prague was one of the centers of German Minnesang.
The Bible translations played an important role in the development of Czech literature and standard Czech language.
The country was ranked as the 13th most free press in the World Freedom Index by Reporters Without Borders in 2014.
Czech Television, the only national public television service, owns the 24-hour news channel ČT24.
Cinema of the Czech Republic includes films made in the area of the current Czech Republic.
The Barrandov Studios in Prague are the largest film studios in country and one of the largest in Europe.
Filmmakers have come to Prague to shoot scenery no longer found in Berlin, Paris and Vienna.
The city of Karlovy Vary was used as a location for the 2006 James Bond film Casino Royale.
It is also one of few film festivals have been given competitive status by the FIAPF.
The Czech Game of the Year Awards are held annually at the Anifilm festival in Třeboň.
Fish is rare, with the occasional exception of fresh trout and carp, which is served at Christmas.
Aside from slivovitz, Czech beer and wine, the Czechs also produce two unique liquors, Fernet Stock and Becherovka.
Kofola is a non-alcoholic domestic cola soft drink which competes with Coca Cola and Pepsi in popularity.
In total the country has won 14 gold medals in summer and five gold medals in winter Olympic history.
Sport is a source of strong waves of patriotism, usually rising several days or weeks before an event.
One of the most popular Czech sport is hiking, mainly in the Czech mountains.
Orlandersmith, born in 1959, lived in public housing in New York City's East Harlem.
Her mother sent her to a Roman Catholic parochial school, after her father died when she was young.
She attended Hunter College but left to attend acting classes at the HB Studio and Actors Studio.
The play ran at ACT Theatre, Seattle, Washington in January 2001 to February 11, 2001.
The play was next performed at the Long Wharf Theatre, New Haven, Connecticut on October 27, 1998.
The play ran at the Long Wharf Theatre Stage II , from January 8, 2015 to February 1, 2015. 
 Daffney Shannon Claire Spruill is an American professional wrestler and valet currently working for Shine Wrestling.
In November 1999, she responded to a World Championship Wrestling contest looking to acquire new talent and was hired.
In WCW, Spruill played Daffney, the mentally deranged, besotted girlfriend of David Flair, managing him and Crowbar.
One of Daffney's hallmarks was a high piercing scream when she was lurking at ringside.
Daffney went on to feud with Hancock, who had stolen the affections of Flair.
Daffney defeated Hancock in the promotion's first ever Wedding Gown match after Hancock removed her own dress.
She had a brief feud with Shane Douglas's valet, Torrie Wilson, but was rarely used as a wrestler.
She also appeared in Ring of Honor, where she debuted on April 26, 2003 as Lucy, the valet of the Second City Saints.
In July 2003, Spruill was signed to a developmental deal by World Wrestling Entertainment.
Intending to focus on her acting career, she sold her wrestling boots to her then-roommate, Mickie James.
In June 2005, she posed for a website owned and operated by wrestling divas Francine and Missy Hyatt.
With the help of her manager, Robert Fuller , Spruil defeated El Mexicano to win her third wrestling title.
In February 2007, she began making appearances with Georgia Wrestling Promotions both as a manager and a referee.
On November 8, 2009, Daffney teamed with Rachel Summerlyn against the International Home Wrecking Crew at Volume 27.
She was planted in the audience along with fellow wrestlers Amber O'Neal and Becky Bayless.
They then proceeded to muck the Beautiful People as Spruill, Taylor and Roxxi celebrated.
The next week she was seen in an interview with Lauren, where they made fun of the Beautiful People.
Daffney and Raven were defeated by Abyss and Taylor Wilde at Slammiversary in a Monster's Ball mixed tag match.
After the match, Daffney continued her assault, before being dragged away by Dr. Stevie.
she annihilated ODB in similar fashion as it was noted that she had her eye set on the title.
The following week Tara defeated Daffney in a First Blood match after hitting her with a toolbox.
She held the position until May 2013, when she returned to the role of a manager.
Spruill later pled guilty to the charges and was sentenced to one year probation and a fine of $1,580. 
Dagmar Sophie Dahlgren was born in Oakland, California, the daughter of immigrants from Denmark.
In April 1920, Dahlgren became the eighth wife of Norman Selby, known in boxing as Kid McCoy.
McCoy, who received a package of jewelry from Mora prior to her death, contended Mora committed suicide.
Dahlgren disputed one of McCoy's alibis during his trial for murder in Los Angeles.
She denied to her attorney that she had seen him in the two years prior to Mora's death.
She married Calvert in May 1935 after accusing him of trying to smother her with a pillow in April of the same year.
In her last years she lived in seclusion in Oakland and died there in 1951. 
She named actress Anna Luther as co-respondent in a suit brought against Mayo in March 1925.
The marriage was annulled in August 1928 on the ground that Mayo had another wife.
In her later years she made frequent appearances in London, England and on television talk shows in New York City.

In 2003, she married Patrick Comer, a financial consultant; they divorced in 2006. 
Daisy, the younger sister of actor Charlie Tahan, lives in Glen Rock, New Jersey. 
Diana Dale Dickey was born in Knoxville, Tennessee, and graduated from Bearden High School in Knoxville.
Dickey has been working as a character actress in both mainstream and independent films since the 1990s.
A year later, she found herself in Memphis, Tennessee, a single parent, pursuing a career in music.
Divorced in 1929, she took the name Dale Evans in the early 1930s to promote her singing career.
She gained exposure on radio as the featured singer for a time on the Edgar Bergen/Charlie McCarthy show.
In 1937, she married her third husband, accompanist and arranger Robert Dale Butts; they divorced nine years later.
Roy had an adopted child, Cheryl, and two biological children, Linda and Roy Jr., from his second marriage.
Evans and Rogers would adopt four other children: Mimi, Dodie, Sandy, and Debbie.
During the 1980s, the couple introduced their films weekly on the former The Nashville Network.
Evans died of congestive heart failure on February 7, 2001 at the age of 88 in Apple Valley, California.
She was interred at Sunset Hills Memorial Park in Apple Valley, next to Rogers.
For her contribution to radio, Dale Evans has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6638 Hollywood Blvd.
She received a second star at 1737 Vine St. for her contribution to the television industry.
The cowgirl faces life head-on, lives by her own lights, and makes no excuses.
In 2001, a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs Walk of Stars was dedicated to her and Roy Rogers.
She was born in Santa Ana, California and died in Los Angeles County, California. 
Her grandfather was an opera singer, and her mother moved from Alabama to become an actress.
 Dana Belben Dana L. Belben is an American voice actress, animator, screenwriter, effects artist, and comedian.
She is a skilled violinist and attended Loyola Marymount University, graduating with a degree in music in 2006.
She has the power of muscle mimicry, meaning she can master instantly any physical skill she witnesses.
As a singer, Dawson released her first single in 1988 at the age of 14.
So Dawson signed a recording contract with EMI and was now musically based in the UK.
Dawson married the New York jazz artist and musician, Jason Curry, on July 7, 2007 in Hamilton, Bermuda.
She died at 4.37am on August 10, 2010, from colon cancer after battling the disease for just 10 months.
Since the mid-1990s, Delany has served on the board of the Scleroderma Research Foundation.
Delany was born in New York City, the daughter of Mary and Jack Delany.
She has remarked that, even as a child, she always wanted to go into acting.
In her childhood, she went with her family to many Broadway shows and was fascinated by films.
She appeared in a student video directed by classmate Jonathan Meath in a film class taught by Steve Marx.
Later, in an interview, she reported that she sometimes had eating issues during this time of her life.
After college, she found acting work in New York City in daytime soap operas.
Dana Delany's first audition for the lead role of nurse Colleen McMurphy was unsuccessful.
She portrayed Andrea Beaumont in the 1993 animated feature film ' based on the popular TV show '.
Delany's voice performance in the film impressed filmmakers and led to her being cast as Lois Lane in '.
She returned to the DC Universe in an episode of ' as Vilsi, an alternate universe variation of Lois Lane.
Delany continued to find work in a variety of projects, doing pilots, TV series, made-for-TV movies, and feature films.
Delany in real life had an experience similar to her character of Dr. Megan Hunt.
It was released to DVD on August 21, 2012, and had a limited release in theatres in September.
She participated as a celebrity guest in fundraising events which support the rights of same-sex couples to marry.
 Dana Eskelson Dana Erika Eskelson is an American television, film, and theatre actress. 
Fuchs was born in New Jersey and raised in Wildwood, Florida, a small rural town, daughter of Sandy and Don Fuchs.
At the age of twelve, she joined the First Baptist Gospel Choir and began singing in public.
She also worked for MTV during the 1990s and 2000s as the voice of many of its on-air promos, mostly for 10 Spot shows.
Fuchs was the lead singer of The Dana Fuchs Band, releasing one studio album and one live album.
A diagnosis of Type I diabetes at an early age ended a promising athletic future.
A few weeks later, she collapsed on the track, which resulted in the diagnosis.
She played a 13-year-old foster child, Willie, who joined Magnum's youth basketball team.
Beginning in 1987, she provided the voice for Scrappy, the orphan mouse, on eight episodes of '.
Hill slipped into a diabetic coma in May 1996 and suffered a massive paralytic stroke the following month.
She has a younger brother, John, and a half-brother, Eric Santacroce, from her mother's re-marriage to Dante Santacroce.
 Dana Kimmell Dana Kimmell is an American actress who has starred in movies and on television.
When she was three, her adoptive parents divorced, and she lived with her mother.
According to Plato, her mother decided that she should cut back on her skating in order to focus on the role.
She admitted to drinking and using cannabis and cocaine, and she suffered an overdose of diazepam when she was 14.
In December 1983, Plato moved in with her boyfriend, rock guitarist Lanny Lambert.
The couple married on April 24, 1984, and their only child, Tyler Edward Lambert, was born on July 2, 1984.
Plato separated from Lambert in January 1988, the same week her mother died of scleroderma.
During their March 1990 divorce, Plato lost custody of her son to Lambert and was given visitation rights.
At one point she worked at a dry-cleaning store, where customers reported being impressed by her lack of airs.
On February 28, 1991, she entered a video store, produced a gun, and demanded the money in the register.
Approximately 15 minutes after the robbery, Plato returned to the scene and was immediately arrested.
In January 1992, she was arrested again, this time for forging a prescription for Diazepam.
In 1992, Plato was one of the first celebrities to star in a video game.
Toward the end of her career, Plato chose roles that could be considered erotic and softcore.
She spoke about her life, discussing her financial problems and her past run-ins with the law.
Some callers, as well as host Howard Stern, came to Plato's defense.

She is the youngest of four siblings; Shingai and Choni are her sisters and her brother Tare is a chiropractor.
Gurira also earned a Master of Fine Arts in acting from New York University's Tisch School of the Arts.
The play was inspired by a photograph of female fighters and their tale of survival.
Gurira received critical acclaim for her performance as a Nigerian woman struggling to live in the United States.
In June 2013, Gurira won the Jean-Claude Gahd Dam award at the 2013 Guys Choice Awards.
Gurira plays Michonne, a mistrustful, katana-wielding character who joins a close-knit group in an apocalyptic world.
Gurira had to learn how to ride horses for the show, which she enjoyed because it was a physical challenge.
She currently lives in Los Angeles, and speaks four languages: French, Shona, basic Xhosa, and English.
Later, she decided to pursue acting seriously and studied at the Actor's Workshop in New York City under Flo Greenberg.
She was a guest judge on episode 5 of Cycle 14 of America's Next Top Model.
The couple married on the beach in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic on February 16, 2013.
 Danica McKellar Danica Mae McKellar is an American actress, author, mathematician, and education advocate.
Born in La Jolla, California, McKellar moved with her family to Los Angeles when she was eight.
Her mother Mahalia was a homemaker; her father Christopher is a real estate developer.
Her mother's ancestry is Portuguese ; her father's ancestry is Scottish, Irish, French, German, and Dutch.
As a result, Crystal became a corporate lawyer, while Danica majored in mathematics.
At age 7, McKellar enrolled in weekend acting classes for children at the Lee Strasberg Institute in Los Angeles.
McKellar studied at UCLA and earned a Bachelor of Science in Mathematics with highest honors in 1998.
She married composer Mike Verta on March 22, 2009, in La Jolla, California; the couple had dated since 2001.
As a child, Gaither was always the class clown with a knack for storytelling and mimicry.
She completed the school and became a member of The Groundlings on Melrose Avenue in Hollywood.
She became the second African American female cast member in the show's history, when she replaced Debra Wilson.
Gaither portrayed offbeat impersonations of celebrities, which included Condoleezza Rice, Eve, La La, and Tyra Banks.
Her mother is Puerto Rican, and her father is Peruvian, of Inca and Japanese descent.
She has participated in karate, in which she holds a fourth level green belt.
She has done over thirty national commercials and approximately 20-plus Spanish market advertisements, as well. 
 Daniella Pineda Daniella Pineda is a Mexican-American actress, writer and comedian from Oakland, California.
On October 10, 2013, the CW ordered three additional scripts for the series.
Bisutti was born and raised in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of Diana and Richard Bisutti.
In high school, she explored several opportunities to idealize her devotion for the entertainment business.
She was involved in theatre, choir, dance, speech and debate, as well as athletic activities.
She then attended California State University Fullerton, where she received a BA in Acting and Musical Theatre.
 Danielle Brisebois Danielle Anne Brisebois is an American producer, singer-songwriter and former child actress.
The album was delayed until September 30, 2008, when it was released as a digital download via iTunes and Amazon.com.
Her parents are Georganne and John Campbell, and she has a younger brother, Johnny.
 Danielle Chuchran Danielle Ryan Chuchran is an American actress, having appeared in films since 2001.
Ferland attended Frank Scott Bunnell High School in Stratford, CT from 1983–1987 and attended New York University.
She quickly moved on to do voice-overs and commercials, including several as a Barbie Girl for Mattel.
She took home a 1998 Young Star for Best Performance by a Young Actress in a Comedy TV Series.
Fishel was on the cover of GQ's hottest stars to watch in GQ's 1997 October issue.
Fishel plays an average college girl, naive regarding racism and unaware of its existence.
She dated former 'N Sync member Lance Bass from 1999 to 2000, and he was her date to her high school prom.
At age 27, Fishel began attending California State University, Fullerton , graduating in 2013.
During her university studies, she became a math tutor, leading her to meet fellow student Tim Belusko.
After over three years of dating, she became engaged to Belusko in May 2012.
Harris was born in Plainview, New York, and was raised by her single mother, Fran.
Her family moved to Port Orange, Florida, when she was two, where she attended Spruce Creek Elementary School.
Harris won a beauty contest in elementary school, winning a trip to New York for ten days.
Her mother was eventually transferred back to New York due to her job and Harris began work as a model.
Shot on a $5 million budget, it went on to gross over $17 million worldwide, $6,831,250 in its opening weekend alone.
The action film had a $2 million budget yet it earned $43 million domestically and $57 million worldwide.
The young protagonists choose not to tell their mother and attempt to live on their own.
The film received mixed to negative reviews, and has a 31% approval rate on Rotten Tomatoes.
The film grossed $7,923,669 in its opening weekend, and the total gross was $59,509,925.
During the next three years, Harris mostly participated in television projects rather than feature films.
She portrayed Tosh, a goth girl who is murdered while her roommate is resting on the other side of the room.
The protagonist, Eliza, travels the world with her family and uses her special ability to help the animals.
The series lasted for five seasons, with a total of 92 episodes airing between 1998 and 2004.
Annie faces her tormentor while stripped to the waist; this was Harris' first nude appearance.
On October 30, 2009 it was re-released in North America to coincide with the Halloween holiday weekend.
The original opening of the film grossed less than that of the 2007 remake, with approximately $7 million.
The film, which was picked up for distribution by Lions Gate Entertainment, was released on August 27, 2013.
The couple married in a private ceremony in Holualoa, Hawaii on January 4, 2014.
Harris was stalked in 1995 by an obsessed fan, Christopher Small, who wrote letters threatening to kill her.
Small was later arrested after bringing a shotgun and a teddy bear to her home.
In October 2009, Harris was granted a restraining order against Small, who began sending her messages on Twitter. 




In high school she was active in theater and was a member of the debate team.
Vance herself was frustrated over being put into roles that were stereotypically associated with young, black women .
The cancer recurred in 1993 and she died of the disease the following year in Markham, Illinois.

It details her life as an actor and her experience growing up in an acting family.
Her parents are San Diego theatre actress D'Ann Paton and late actor director Taylor Ashbrook.
On September 6, 1988, with her then partner, Lorenzo Lamas, Ashbrook gave birth to actress Paton Ashbrook .
Her mother, Agnes A. , is a Unitarian minister, of Polish and Finnish descent.
Zuniga became interested in acting in high school, performing in a variety of school plays.
In her early teens, she attended the Young Conservatory program of the American Conservatory Theater of San Francisco.
After her parents divorced, Zuniga moved with her mother and sister from Berkeley to Reading, Vermont.
Zuniga's film work has continued in parallel with her television work throughout much of her career.
In 2004, Zuniga suffered from mercury poisoning, which she attributed to overconsumption of fish.
Darbi embarked upon her training in piano, voice, and acting in her adolescent years.
Darbi Gwynn is a certified Audio Engineer and is currently working on a variety of music projects.
Stanchfield was born and raised in Kodiak, Alaska, where her father was a commercial fisherman.
She later moved to Dutch Harbor in the Aleutian Islands, and finally Mercer Island, near Seattle.
She attended the University of Puget Sound, graduating in 1993 with a degree in Communications and a minor in theater.
Stanchfield was regular cast member as of pilot episode, but had major storylines only in fourth season. 
She is the cousin of filmmaker Jason Paul Collum and is often cast in his films. 
She also appeared in several Ron Harris aerobics productions during the late 70s and early 80s.
She was married to Ron Rice, founder of Hawaiian Tropic suntan lotion company from 1991 to 1993.
In 1999, LaPier married Mark R. Hughes, founder of Herbalife, who died the following year.
Her love of the equine sports gave her comfort and coping skills during some very difficult years.
On her ranch in Oregon with her family, LaPier transformed herself into a rodeo barrel racer.
Like her mother, Halprin studied dance, and in the mid 1960s, began acting in film.
Also in 1972, she married actor dance, visual arts, performance techniques and therapeutic practices.
Hood's mother introduced her to singing and dancing at an early age, taking her to lessons in Oklahoma City.
She is well remembered for her coquettish character, typically the love interest of Alfalfa, Butch, or Waldo.
While at Fairfax High School, she organized a vocal group called the Enchanters with four boys.
The group remained with Murray's Blackouts during its long run in New York and Hollywood.
Darla Hood then went solo with singing engagements in nightclubs and guest appearances on TV.
In 1955, she was a leading lady in the act of ventriloquist Edgar Bergen.
In 1957, Darla was a regular performer on The Merv Griffin Show for the American Broadcasting Network.
Between 1959 and 1962 she recorded several singles for the small Ray Note and Acama labels.
She did singing and voice-over on TV commercials, which included Campbell Soup and Chicken of the Sea tuna.
After the procedure, she died suddenly of heart failure on June 13, 1979 at age 47.
Hood was married twice, first to insurance salesman Robert W. Decker , then to record-company executive Jose Granson .

 Darleen Carr Darleen Carr is an American actress, singer, and voice over artist.

 Darlene Vogel Darlene Vogel , is an American actress who was a model and did commercials before getting into acting.
On May 9, 2003 Vogel, with fiance Mark Howard, gave birth to a son, Owen Timothy Howard.
They also had a baby daughter, Audrey Caroline Vogel Howard, born March 22, 2008.
An avid animal activist, Vogel and fiancee Howard provide a home for three dogs. 
Hannah grew up with siblings Don and Page Hannah and half-sister Tanya Wexler, in Long Grove, Illinois.
Hannah attended the progressive Francis W. Parker School before enrolling at the University of Southern California.
In 2015, she appeared in Sense8, a new show from the Wachowskis, creators of The Matrix movies.
Hannah lost the tip of her left index finger in a childhood accident and sometimes wears a prosthetic to mask it.
When she was a child, medical professionals recommended that she be institutionalized and medicated.
She is often the sound recordist, camera person and on-screen host for the blog.
The farm had been established in the wake of the 1992 LA riots to allow people in the city to grow food for themselves.
However, Horowitz, who had paid $5 million for it, sought to evict the farmers to build a warehouse.
He had asked for $16 million to sell it but turned down the offer when the activists raised that amount.
Hannah has also worked to help end sexual slavery and has been traveling around the world to make a documentary.
phone interview on June 24, 2009, Hannah spoke briefly on why she went to West Virginia and risked arrest.
Although they were charged with trespassing, they were in fact protesting on Fairchild's land.
 Daryn Hinton Daryn Hinton born in Santa Monica, California, raised in the Hollywood entertainment industry.
Hinton had a spiritual conversion and left the Hollywood connections behind to pursue her newfound faith.
Hinton's sister, Darcy Hinton Cook, was an actress whose godparents were actors Steve Cochran and Denise Darcel.
Hinton grew up at 1234 Bel Air Road, East Gate Old Bel Air, Los Angeles, CA.
The home was featured in Life Magazine's essays of Bel Air for its jungle-like atmosphere and pool in the living room.
Hinton's actor father Ed Hinton was on The General Electric Theater hosted by Ronald Reagan in 1957.
Upon Reagan's death, Hinton expressed her views of Reagan to the Los Angeles Times June 6, 2004.
In 1982 after Hinton's mother's death, her life changed with a born again experience with Christ.
Stryper is recognized as the first openly Christian heavy metal band to gain recognition in the mainstream music world.
Holy Soldier: signed for debut record to Word Records/Myrrh Records and A&M Records.
In 1989 Hinton signed Holy Soldier to A&M records and Myrrh Records as that label's first Hard Rock act.
The band garnered two Dove Awards in 1991, in the hard rock song and album of the year categories.
Charizma from Sweden: They were the first Christian band signed to a Russian record label.
Her mother then entered her in a Little Miss America Pageant where Chase won the national vocal competition.
Chase's character is the child bride of a prophet, Roman Grant, played by Harry Dean Stanton.
The couple went their separate ways by spring of 1955, after they had both transferred to Pepperdine University.
The film debuted in 1959 but by then, Bender's career was winding down.
She quit the film industry in 1985 and moved back to her home state of Texas. 
Dawn Lyn Nervik was born in Los Angeles, California, to Carolyn Stellar and Rik Nervik.
She and her older brother Leif Garrett began performing as child actors within a year or two of each other.
She financially supported her mother and brother from 1969 until when her brother's fame eclipsed hers.
Like many petite child actors, Lyn's height began to work against her when in her teen years.


Her parents moved with her to Oakland, California when she was two years old.
She currently resides in Los Angeles where she is supporting herself with a career in film and television.
Vaidya gave birth to identical twin boys on July 25, 2012 in New York City; Jai Blue and Dev Eshaan. 

Helene DeLauné was in the court of Marie Antoinette and her husband, Jules André Dubus, fought in the French Revolution.
In , Michel explores the universal themes of abandonment, forgiveness, and letting go.
The novel is loosely based on an intimate six-year relationship she shared with Warren Beatty.
 De Sacia Mooers De Sacia Mooers was a film actress, disputably from Los Angeles, California.
One report contends that she was a Los Angeles native and a member of the California Saville family.
He had no other close relatives to leave his wealth to aside from Jimmie, who left St. Louis, Missouri in 1918.
Mooers resided at the Canterbury Inn on Westlake Avenue in Los Angeles while she performed her investigation.
She was promised a diamond necklace by the baseball owner if she could find Jimmie.
The nephew was rumored to have relocated to Hollywood and become a stunt man in motion pictures.
A natural blond, Mooers defied the stereotype of a vamp having to have dark hair.
The screenplay was written by Lenore Coffee and the film featured Lewis Stone and Anna Q. Nilsson.
Mooers became the wife of Edward Demarest Mooers, owner of the Yellow Aster gold mine in Randsburg, California.
She was a member of the Woman's Breakfast Club and director of the McKinley Home For Boys.
In 1960 De Sacia Mooers died following a six week illness in Hollywood Presbyterian Medical Center.
She was also photographed by celebrity photographer William Shatner for the Cyber Club in 2004. 
Although Dunagan has appeared on television and in films, she is most admired for her work as a stage actress.
Dunagan was born and raised in Monahans, Texas, the daughter of Kathlyn and John Conrad Dunagan.
She married her high school sweetheart and gave birth to a son; but the marriage ended a few years later.
Sachs became ill at one point during the show's run and Dunagan filled in for her with great success.
This exposure led to her to being signed with International Creative Management and helped forward her career.
While on this tour, Dunagan visited Chicago for the first time and immediately fell in love with the city.
Her work on the Chicago stage has garnered her three Joseph Jefferson Awards and three After Dark Awards.
For her performance, Dunagan won a Tony Award, Theatre World Award and a Drama Desk Award.
She went on to portray Violet Weston in productions in London's West End in 2009 and in Sydney, Australia in 2010. 
Morgan was born in Dunn, North Carolina, the daughter of Lora, a teacher, and George Morgan, Jr., a butcher.
In 1989, Morgan won the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series .
In May 2009 and 2011, she was nominated for the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series.
Morgan has been married four times: to Charles Weldon ; to actor Charles S. Dutton ; and to photographer Donn Thompson .

Turner was reared in Arcadia, California, where she grew up as the third daughter of Canadian parents.
Shortly after the film's debut, she left the film industry and returned to school to complete her education.
Since the early 1990s, she has been designing collectible Santa Claus Dolls as well.
In 1985, Turner relocated to Chanhassen, Minnesota where she raised four daughters with her husband Rick.
In addition, Turner was selected as one of three float judges for the 2011 Tournament of Roses Parade. 
She got her start on television as a hopeful on Ted Mack and the Original Amateur Hour in 1963.
Watson married record producer-engineer Richard Sanford Orshoff in 1965, and they had a child, Darren, in August 1967.
Mazar was born in Jamaica, Queens, New York, the daughter of Nancy and Harry Mazar.
Her father was born in the Latvian SSR, Soviet Union, to a Jewish family, but raised in the Roman Catholic Church.
Prior to her marriage, she dated actor Paul Reubens for several years beginning in 1993.
Reubens has since credited Mazar with ending his depression resulting from his infamous 1991 arrest.
She married Gabriele Corcos on March 16, 2002, in a ceremony officiated by Ellen Burstyn.
Prior to acting she was a Playboy Bunny at the Dallas Playboy Club from 1980 to 1982.
Her father is an architect and her mother, Cathy Woll, is a teacher at the Berkeley Carroll School.
Foreman was born in California, the daughter of Lynette and Clyde Foreman, a Marine Corps pilot.
While she was still a student, local photographer Wally Lewis hired her for newspaper and catalog ads.
Resolving to become a serious actress, she took acting lessons from a variety of teachers.
During the five years following, Foreman appeared in over half a dozen low-budget horror movies and independent films.
Foreman later made a brief appearance in a music video for the band She Wants Revenge in 2011. 
Her father was Jewish and her mother was from a Christian background; Raffin identified with Judaism.
Raffin died from leukemia in her native Los Angeles on November 21, 2012, aged 59. 
 Deborah Twiss Deborah Twiss is an American actress, screenwriter, film director and producer.
Twiss was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and moved to New York City to study acting at age 17.
Van Valkenburgh graduated from Shaker High School, Latham, NY in June, 1970.
She graduated from Pratt Institute in Brooklyn, N.Y. with a BFA in Painting & Drawing.
She was born in Bridgeport, Connecticut to Ice Capades skating stars and choreographers, Nathan and Edith Walley.
Walley died of esophageal cancer on May 10, 2001, in Sedona, aged 59.
She later commenced professional training at the Stella Adler Studio of Acting, New York.
She returned to Los Angeles in 1968, where she studied acting under Lee Strasberg at the Lee Strasberg Institute.
Winters continued working, appearing in commercials for Kinney Shoes, Gulf Oil, Lincoln-Mercury, Quaker Oats and others.
However, when her son reached high school age, Deborah decided to return to work.
Winters studied for the Texas State Realtor's exam in 2000 and received her license October 1, 2000.
Winters grew up in New York and Los Angeles, the daughter of a film and television family.
Throughout her career, Winters frequently alternated between her careers and that of raising a family.

 Debra Feuer Debra Feuer is an American actress born in Las Vegas January 12, 1959.
On campus, she was an active member of Drama House, a small theatre club and venue.
Rupp left her home state of Massachusetts in 1979 to pursue an acting career in New York City.
Rupp has often returned to Massachusetts and New York to appear in regional and off-Broadway stage productions.
She provided the voice of Mrs. Snowman in one of Fred Meyer's commercial ads in 2013.
She won the WWF Women's Championship from Sable in an Evening Gown match in 1999.
She later appeared on-screen with her second husband Stone Cold Steve Austin until 2002, when the duo left the company.
Marshall has also attended the prestigious Lee Strasberg Theatre & Film Institute in New York.
She later competed and won in the pageant held in Houston, TX and went on to compete in the National Mrs. USA pageant.
Flair won the match after Mongo and Debra turned on Greene by hitting him with a steel briefcase, joining the Horsemen.
During the match, Debra hit Goldust over the head with Jarrett's trademark guitar, enabling Jarrett to win.
WWF Commissioner Shawn Michaels, however, disqualified Jarrett, and Debra had to strip due to the match's stipulations.
In March, the team lost their tag title to the team of Kane and X-Pac.
Later in the event, Debra and Jarrett lost a mixed tag team match against Nicole Bass and Val Venis.
On May 10, 1999, Debra won the Women's Championship from Sable in an Evening Gown match.
Usually, in an Evening Gown match, the woman who forcibly removes her opponent's dress wins.
Debra lost the Women's Title to Ivory on June 14, due to interference from Nicole Bass.
The following night, Jarrett awarded Henry the European title and gave Debra an assistant, Miss Kitty.
Chyna pinned Jarrett, but referee Tom Prichard overturned the decision due to Debra's involvement.
Debra stayed off television while her new husband Stone Cold Steve Austin recovered from neck surgery.
In the fall of that year she played the role of Lieutenant Commissioner, the assistant of Commissioner Mick Foley.
Debra and Lita fought outside the ring until Stone Cold pinned Hardy to win the match.
She managed The Rock in 2001 and appeared sporadically thereafter, leaving the company in June 2002 with Austin.
Her first acting jobs involved commercials and two music videos for country musician George Strait.
Marshall's marriage to National Football League alumnus and professional wrestler Steve McMichael lasted thirteen years.
McMichael's mother, whom Marshall met on an airplane, set up their first meeting as a blind date.
Debra met Steve Williams, known on-screen as Stone Cold Steve Austin, in 1998; they moved in together in 2000.
Austin filed for divorce from Marshall on July 22, 2002 and the divorce was finalized on February 5, 2003.
In June and July 2007, Marshall made several appearances to discuss the Chris Benoit double murder and suicide.
Messing is Jewish, and had a Bat Mitzvah ceremony; her ancestors emigrated from Poland and Russia.
When Messing was three, she moved with her parents and her older brother, Brett, to East Greenwich, Rhode Island.
In May 2011, it was reported that NBC picked up the show as a series for the 2011-2012 season.
They were married on September 3, 2000, and lived in New York City.
On April 7, 2004, Messing gave birth to their son, Roman Walker Zelman.
In 1975, Monk received a Master of Fine Arts degree from Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas.
Mooney was born Debra Vick in Aberdeen, South Dakota, the daughter of Isabel and Henry M. Vick.
She was married to stage producer and director Porter Van Zandt until his death in 2012.
She also has appeared in the many stage production and played roles of over 80 films and TV shows.
The family moved from Denver to Los Angeles, California, in the 1930s to be close to the developing film industry.
Margaret was determined that Debra and her siblings would also make their careers in show business.
Three of Paget's siblings, Marcia , Leslie , and Frank , entered show business.
Fresh out of high school in 1949, she acted in three other films before being signed by 20th Century-Fox.
Paget played an Native American maiden, Sonseeahray , who gives up her life to save Stewart's character.
The Hollywood studio system dominated American feature film production in the first half of the 20th century.
Under it, an actor would sign an exclusive contract to make films for a major studio, such as Fox.
The system worked well at first for Paget as her early Fox films did well, so the studio bolstered her film career.
She was typically cast in exotic roles such as South Sea Island maidens or middle-east harem girls.
She retired from entertainment in 1965, after marrying a wealthy oil executive, by whom she had one son, her only child.
At the time, however, the media reported that she was romantically linked with Howard Hughes and nothing came of this.
I haven't seen Howard for a long time now, because I'm a one-man woman, and I've got to have a one-woman man...
Paget married actor and singer David Street on January 14, 1958, but she obtained a divorce on April 11, 1958.
On March 27, 1960, she married Budd Boetticher, a prominent director, in Tijuana, Mexico.
Paget left the entertainment industry in 1964 after marrying Ling C. Kung on April 19, 1962.
This third marriage produced a son, Gregory, but ended in divorce in 1980. 
Neither the film nor Sandlund, who had appeared in it as the character Patty Lareine, 'won' in their categories. 
Over the years Winger acquired a reputation for being outspoken and sometimes difficult to work with.
Even though I loved what I was doing, I didn't always know I could pull it off.
She attended Miller Creek Junior High School, and Terra Linda High School in San Rafael, California.
She attended San Jose State before transferring to UCLA and was a model for Ford before becoming an actress.
Married four times, she took the last name of her second husband, actor James Farentino, which stuck long afterward.
On September 11, 2001, Scott's fiancé, John Dennis Levi, was killed in the terrorist attack on New York City.
Soon after her arrival in Florida, Scott collapsed and lingered in a coma for several days.
Three days later, on April 5, 2005, she took a nap and apparently died in her sleep.

Born as Donna Higgins, Dee Hartford was a model and actress when she married director Howard Hawks.
She married Hawks in 1953 and did no acting during the six years they were together.
A native of Lakewood, Ohio, Hoty grew up in Cleveland, where she was active in her church choir.
During high school at Lakewood, she discovered musical theatre and made it her college major at Otterbein College.
Hoty moved to New York in June 1977 and began to pursue a professional acting career.
She is also divinely spicy in a sophisticated striptease, 'Ah, But Underneath.'
 Dee Wallace Deanna Bowers, known as Dee Wallace or Dee Wallace Stone , is an American actress and scream queen.
She is perhaps best known for her roles in several popular films mainly in the horror genre.
Wallace was born in Kansas City, Kansas, the daughter of Maxine and Robert Stanley Bowers.
She attended Wyandotte High School before attending the University of Kansas and graduating with an education degree.
She briefly taught high school drama at Washington High School in her native Kansas City in the early 1970s.
Wallace often speaks about how you can get through tough times with determination and love.
The latter movie stars Daeg Faerch, Meadow Williams, Betsy Rue, Meg Foster and Greg Vaughan.
O'Connell began her career at Stage One, an experimental theatre at the Boston Center for the Arts.
Their wedding was featured in the Summer 2005 edition of American bridal magazine Inside Weddings. 
After departing from the series, she became a dancer for stage and screen appearances.
Cotto was born and raised in the Coney Island section of Brooklyn, New York to Puerto Rican-American parents.
Taylor was nominated for a Golden Globe for New Star of the Year – Actress in 1972.
She was married to her third husband, actor Ashton Kutcher, from 2005 to 2013.
Dan Guynes committed suicide in October 1980 at age 37, two years after he separated from Moore's mother.
Virginia Guynes had a long record of arrests for crimes, including drunk driving and arson.
Moore and Guynes briefly reconciled shortly before Guynes died of cancer in July 1998 at age 54.
At age 15, Moore moved to West Hollywood, California, where her mother worked for a magazine-distribution company.
The film was a moderate box office success, but its domestic gross was only slightly more than it cost to make.
In the interim, Moore signed on as the face of the Versace fashion brand and the Helena Rubinstein brand of cosmetics.
The cover drew a lot of attention, being discussed on television, radio, and in newspaper articles.
On February 8, 1980, at the age of 17, she married singer Freddy Moore, 12 years her senior.
She filed for divorce in September 1984; it was finalized on August 7, 1985.
On November 21, 1987, Moore married her second husband, actor Bruce Willis.
They announced their separation on June 24, 1998, and filed for divorce on October 18, 2000.
Moore had a longstanding relationship with martial arts instructor Oliver Whitcomb, whom she dated from 1999 to 2002.
In 2003, Moore began dating actor Ashton Kutcher, who is 15 years her junior.
The wedding was attended by about 150 close friends and family of the couple, including Willis.
Moore filed her response papers in March 2013, requesting spousal support and payment of legal fees from Kutcher.
On February 2, 1998, Tannahill filed a countersuit in a Los Angeles Superior Court.
Moore filed a countersuit against Bass, who served a 10-day jail sentence for civil contempt.
Since 2013, Moore has been practicing Kundalini Yoga as originally taught by Yogi Bhajan.
She has been taking classes in Malibu with Kundalini teacher Tej Kaur, sometimes with daughter Rumer Willis.
Celebrity Fix reported that Moore has done her training and plans to teach this yoga.
It is the second largest country in Africa by area and the eleventh largest in the world.
Besides the capital, Kinshasa, the other major cities, Lubumbashi and Mbuji-Mayi, are both mining communities.
DR Congo's largest export is raw minerals, with China accepting over 50% of DRC's exports in 2012.
During the period of 1885–1908, millions of Congolese died as a consequence of exploitation and disease.
On 18 October 1908, the Belgian parliament voted in favour of annexing the Congo as a Belgian colony.
In 1926, the colonial capital moved from Boma to Léopoldville, some 300 km further upstream in the interior.
Indigenous courts had only limited powers and remained under the firm control of the colonial administration.
The Belgian population of the colony increased from 1,928 in 1910 to nearly 89,000 in 1959.
During World War Two, the Belgian Congo was a crucial source of income for the Belgian government in exile in London.
Patrice Lumumba thus became the first Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
On 17 January 1961, he was handed over to Katangan authorities and executed by Belgian-led Katangese troops.
Amidst widespread confusion and chaos, a temporary government was led by technicians with Evariste Kimba.
Several short-lived governments, of Joseph Ileo, Cyrille Adoula and Moise Tshombe, took over in quick succession.
Lumumba had previously appointed Joseph Mobutu chief of staff of the new Congo army, Armée Nationale Congolaise .
With financial support from the United States and Belgium, Mobutu paid his soldiers privately.
Mobutu continued in power until armed forces forced him to flee Zaire, in 1997.
They allied with the Zairian armed forces to launch a campaign against Congolese ethnic Tutsis in eastern Zaïre.
Talks led to the signing of a peace accord in which Kabila would share power with former rebels.
By June 2003 all foreign armies except those of Rwanda had pulled out of Congo.
A constitution was approved by voters, and on 30 July 2006 DRC held its first multi-party elections.
A new election took place in October 2006, which Kabila won, and on December 2006 he was sworn in as President.
In the resulting M23 rebellion, M23 briefly captured the provincial capital of Goma in November 2012.
One study found that more than 400,000 women are raped in the Democratic Republic of Congo every year.
In 2015 major protests broke out across the country and protesters demanded that Joseph Kabila step down as President.
A census is supposed to take place, but it is no longer tied to when the elections take place.
It straddles the Equator, with one-third to the North and two-thirds to the South.
The size of Congo, , is slightly greater than the combined areas of Spain, France, Germany, Sweden, and Norway.
The river and its tributaries , Aruwimi, and Lulonga) form the backbone of Congolese economics and transportation.
The river also has the second-largest flow and the second-largest watershed of any river in the world .
The river and a 37 km wide strip of coastline on its north bank provide the country's only outlet to the Atlantic.
The previously mentioned Albertine Rift plays a key role in shaping the Congo's geography.
On 17 January 2002 Mount Nyiragongo erupted in Congo, with the lava running out at 64 km AIDS.
According to 2010 estimates, DRC has the 17th highest maternal mortality rate in the world.
The Congolese National Police are the primary police force in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Over 200 ethnic groups populate the Democratic Republic of the Congo, of which the majority are Bantu peoples.
Together, Mongo, Luba and Kongo peoples and Mangbetu-Azande peoples constitute around 45% of the population.
However, evidence suggests that DRC continues to be a destination country for immigrants in spite of recent declines.
Official figures are unavailable on migrant workers, partly due to the predominance of the informal economy in the DRC.
Figures on the number of Congolese nationals abroad vary greatly depending on the source, from 3 to 6 million.
The DRC has produced a considerable number of refugees and asylum-seekers located in the region and beyond.
The impact of the Roman Catholic Church in the Democratic Republic of Congo is difficult to overestimate.
Its schools have educated over 60% of the nation's primary school students and more than 40% of its secondary students.
Kimbanguism was seen as a threat to the colonial regime and was banned by the Belgians.
With more than 25 million members, it constitutes one of the largest Protestant bodies in the world.
According to the Pew Forum, Islam is the faith of 12% of the population.
According to the CIA World Factbook, Muslims make up 10% of the population.
The first members of the Baha'i Faith to live in the country came from Uganda in 1953.
In 2012 plans were announced to build a national Baha'i House of Worship in the country.
Children accused of witchcraft are sent away from homes and family, often to live on the street.
According to the 2014 OIF report, 33 million Congolese people can read and write French.
In the capital city Kinshasa, 67% of the population can read and write French, and 68.5% can speak and understand it.
Since the recent rebellions, a good part of the army in the East also uses Swahili where it is prevalent.
This trend was reversed after independence with French made the sole language of education at all levels.
Despite these pressures, the customs and cultures of the Congo have retained much of their individuality.
The 30% who live in urban areas have been the most open to Western influences.
The DRC has blended its ethnic musical sources with Cuban rumba, and merengue to give birth to soukous.
Some of the African bands sing in Lingala, one of the main languages in the DRC.
Many sports are played in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, including football, basketball and rugby.
The sports are played in numerous stadiums throughout the country, including the Stade Frederic Kibassa Maliba.
Dikembe Mutombo is one of the best African basketball players to ever play the game.
Radio Télévision Nationale Congolaise is the national broadcaster of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Major environmental issues The Democratic Republic of the Congo's major environmental issues include: Renewable energy.

Working as an office intern in the contest office, the judges convinced her to audition.
She was the only actress of 2000 who auditioned that was picked by Mr. Bernstein for representation.
Brought to the William Morris Agency, her first guest-starring role was on Northern Exposure.
Denice converted her garage into a photography studio and decided to go professional after test-shooting two friends.
Alexander had appeared on TV and radio by the time she was a junior at UCLA.
She reprised the role in time for the show's 50th anniversary in 2013 and remains on canvas as a recurring character.
Crosby was born in Hollywood, California, the out of wedlock daughter of Marilyn Scott and actor Dennis Crosby.
This deeply embarrassed Dennis Crosby and his famous father, the actor and singer Bing Crosby.
She dropped out of college after she was interviewed by a local paper and revealed her famous family background.
In later years, Crosby approached the TNG production team with the idea of reprising her role of Tasha Yar.
Denise came to the United States in 1947 and became an American citizen in 1952.
In 1950, Darcel had a Vaudeville act, which was panned by at least one reviewer.
Darcel asked questions of married couples who sought to win the grand prize of a mink coat.
She would later repeat the role of Solange in 1995 for revivals in Houston and Seattle.
Darcel's first husband, William Shaw, was an American Army captain whom she married in 1947.
She was found guilty and fined $300 in a trial July 10, 1968.
Darcel and her husband, Robert Gerard Atkinson, filed bankruptcy petitions in San Bernardino, California, in 1963.
Darcel died in December 2011, aged 87, after emergency surgery to repair a ruptured aneurysm. 
 Denise DuBarry Denise DuBarry is an American actress, businesswoman, film producer, and philanthropist.
DuBarry was born in Killeen, Texas at the Fort Hood Army Base to Adrian Pierre DuBarry and his wife, Betty Louise .
Undaunted by the obligations thrust upon her, DuBarry Hay remained positive and focused throughout her childhood.
She is a partner in Palm Desert, California's Bikram Yoga University Village Studio Career.
In 2014, Denise co-directed and choreographed much of current Cher Dressed to Kill] tour.
Next she will be directing a music video for Martha Davis and the Motels from their upcoming album.
 Denise Galik Denise Galik-Furey is an American actress who has starred on television and in film.
Born in Cleveland, Ohio, Galik has starred on television series and soap operas.
Her outfit, which often comprised a low-cut tank top and tight shorts, elicited comments.
In March 2005, while pregnant with their second daughter, Richards filed for divorce from Sheen.
However, on January 4, 2006, Richards' representative announced that she was continuing with the divorce.
On January 25, 2008, Richards won a court case against Sheen so that she could include her daughters in the show.
When a judge rejected Sheen's request to block it, Sheen urged fans to boycott it.
Her middle name is that of Richards' mother, who died from cancer in December 2007.
Richards adopted her at birth domestically within the United States, following a two-year adoption process.
By mid-2012, Richards and Sheen were on good terms, often spending time together with their children.
and has spoken in support of gay marriage, stating that, years before, she had had a lesbian affair.
The country consists of a peninsula, Jutland, and an archipelago of 443 named islands, of which around 70 are inhabited.
The islands are characterised by flat, arable land and sandy coasts, low elevation and a temperate climate.
Denmark and Norway remained under the same king until the union was dissolved by outside forces in 1814.
The Constitution of Denmark was signed on 5 June 1849, ending the absolute monarchy which had begun in 1660.
Denmark exercises hegemonic influence in the Danish Realm, devolving powers to handle internal affairs.
Denmark is frequently ranked as one of the happiest countries in the world in cross-national studies of happiness.
A large majority of Danes are members of the National Church, though the Constitution guarantees freedom of religion.
The earliest archaeological findings in Denmark date back to the Eem interglacial period from 130,000–110,000 BC.
Denmark has been inhabited since around 12,500 BC and agriculture has been evident since 3900 BC.
They were later absorbed or ethnically cleansed by the invading Angles and Saxons, who formed the Anglo-Saxons.
A new runic alphabet was first used around the same time and Ribe, the oldest town of Denmark, was founded about AD 700.
From the 8th to the 10th century, the Danes, Norwegians and Swedes were known as Vikings.
As attested by the Jelling stones, the Danes were united and Christianised about 965 by Harald Bluetooth.
In that case Harald built six fortresses around Denmark called Trelleborg and built a further Danevirke.
In 1397, Denmark entered into a personal union with Norway and Sweden, united under Queen Margaret I.
King Christian used this money to found several towns and fortresses, most notably Glückstadt and Christiania.
Denmark's large colonial aspirations were limited to a few key trading posts in Africa and India.
Denmark tried to regain control of Scania in the Scanian War but it ended in failure.
This loss came as the latest in the long series of defeats and territorial loss that had begun in the 17th century.
After the defeat of Germany, the Versailles powers offered to return the region of Schleswig-Holstein to Denmark.
On 10 July 1920, Northern Schleswig was recovered by Denmark, thereby adding some 163,600 inhabitants and .
In 1973, along with Britain and Ireland, Denmark joined the European Economic Community after a public referendum.
Located in Northern Europe, Denmark consists of the peninsula of Jutland and 443 named islands .
Of these, 74 are inhabited , with the largest being Zealand, the North Jutlandic Island, and Funen.
The island of Bornholm is located east of the rest of the country, in the Baltic Sea.
The country occupies a total area of The area of inland water is , variously stated as from 500 – 700 km2 .
A circle enclosing the same area as Denmark would be 234 kilometres in diameter with a circumference of .
It shares a border of with Germany to the south and is otherwise surrounded by of tidal shoreline .
On the south-west coast of Jutland, the tide is between , and the tideline moves outward and inward on a stretch.
The country is flat with little elevation; having an average height above sea level of .
Approximately 400 bird species inhabit Denmark and about 160 of those breed in the country.
At the same time, smaller municipalities were merged into larger units, reducing the number from 270.
The governing bodies of the regions are the regional councils with forty-one members elected for four-year terms.
The head of the council is the regional council chairman , who is elected by the council.
The Faroe Islands gained home rule in 1948 and Greenland in 1979, having previously had the status of counties.
The Kingdom of Denmark is a constitutional monarchy, in which Queen Margrethe II is the head of state.
The monarch is not answerable for his or her actions, and the monarch's person is sacrosanct.
The Danish political system operates under a framework laid out in the Constitution of Denmark.
Denmark also ranks 1st on the Corruption Perceptions Index, for government transparency and lack of corruption.
Membership of the Folketing is based on proportional representation of political parties, with a 2% electoral threshold.
Danes elect 175 members to the Folketing, with Greenland and the Faroe Islands electing an additional two members each.
On a vote of no confidence, the Folketing may force a single minister or the entire government to resign.
Rasmussen heads a cabinet which, unusually, consists entirely of ministers from his own party.
However, decisions by the highest courts in Greenland and the Faroe Islands may be appealed to the Danish High Courts.
The monarch is commander-in-chief of the Danish Defence, and serves as chief diplomatic official abroad.
Danish forces were heavily engaged in the former Yugoslavia in the UN Protection Force , with IFOR, and now SFOR.
According to the International Monetary Fund, Denmark has the world's highest minimum wage.
As Denmark has no minimum wage legislation, the high wage floor has been attributed to the power of trade unions.
Employers can hire and fire whenever they want , and between jobs, unemployment compensation is very high .
Establishing a business can be done in a matter of hours and at very low costs.
No restrictions apply regarding overtime work, which allows companies to operate 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
Denmark has a competitive company tax rate of 24.5% and a special time-limited tax regime for expatriates.
The Danish taxation system is broad based, with a 25% VAT, in addition to excise taxes, income taxes and other fees.
StatBank is the name of a large statistical database maintained by the central authority of statistics in Denmark.
Online distribution of statistics has been a part of the dissemination strategy in Denmark since 1985.
Support for free trade is high – in a 2007 poll 76% responded that globalisation is a good thing.
Denmark's major industries include chemicals, food processing, shipbuilding, pharmaceuticals, and construction.
In television, publicly owned stations DR and TV 2 have large shares of the viewers.
The Royal Porcelain Factory is famous for the quality of its ceramics and export products worldwide.
The first known Danish literature is myths and folklore from the 10th and 11th century.
With the Age of Enlightenment came Ludvig Holberg whose comedy plays are still being performed.
In the late 19th century, literature was seen as a way to influence society.
Known as the Modern Breakthrough, this movement was championed by Georg Brandes, Henrik Pontoppidan and J. P. Jacobsen.
Romanticism influenced the renowned writer and poet Hans Christian Andersen, known for his stories and fairy tales, e.g.
Perhaps the most influential Danish philosopher was Søren Kierkegaard, the creator of Christian existentialism.
This stems from the country's agricultural past, its geography, and its climate of long, cold winters.
Sports are popular in Denmark, and its citizens participate in and watch a wide variety.
The national sport is football , with over 320,000 players in more than 1600 clubs.
Some sources indicate she was born Deena Rivka Moore, but she was legally known as Florence Rita Moore by the 1930s.
It has been reported that she changed her forename given her parents' disapproval of her becoming an actress.
In the late 1920s, she decided to pursue an acting career on the Broadway stage.
In the course of her film career, she would star in twenty-two films between 1935 and 1951.
By the mid-1940s, Moore found herself getting less work in Hollywood, but more parts on the New York stage.
Following her retirement she was active in campaigning civil rights for Jewish communities and women's rights.
Moore died of natural causes on February 22, 1978, aged 75, in her Manhattan apartment.
She was the granddaughter of Avni Arbaş; a renowned Turkish artist of Circassian descent.
In Los Angeles, Arbaş, who starred in seven movies, was a member of the Screen Actors Guild.

She grew up in Brooklyn, New York, and currently lives in Washington, District of Columbia.
Her mother, Pamela Hilburger, is a jewelry designer and a painter of German and English heritage.
In 1998, at the age of 16, Aoki replaced Naomi Campbell as the face of Versace.
In September 2007, it was announced she was designing a jeans line for Levi's Asian market.
Her half-brother, Steve Aoki, is a Los Angeles DJ and the founder of Dim Mak Records.
Devon Aoki is married to James Bailey and has three children, one son and two daughters. 

Young was born in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, the daughter of Pauline, a sociologist, and Donald E. Young.
In parallel to her career as an actress, Young is also a professional sculptor, working in stone, clay, and bronze.
Riva was born Diana-Maria Uhlenbrock in Cincinnati, Ohio, the daughter of Maria and Chris B. Uhlenbrock, a dentist.
 Diana Barrows Diana Barrows is an American film and television actress, singer and a dancer. 
She was stepdaughter of Dolores Costello, half-sister of actor John Drew Barrymore, and aunt of actress Drew Barrymore.
Her parents' tumultuous marriage lasted only a few years and they divorced when she was four.
While in her teens, Barrymore decided to study acting and enrolled at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts.
The show was all set to broadcast but Barrymore didn't show up and the program was immediately canceled.
The marriage to Wilcox ended when he died of a heart attack while traveling by train in June 1955, at the age of 45.
She was raised in the Greater Los Angeles Area, where she graduated from Hollywood High School.
Since the mid-1990s, she has mainly done voice work for cartoons in video shorts.
Canova currently resides in Redding, Connecticut, with her husband, record producer Elliot Scheiner.
Canova spent a number of years as a member of the Church of Scientology, an organization she later began to criticize.
Diana Darrin is an American actor of film and television, born in New Haven, Connecticut, USA.


Hyland dated actor Joe Goodson briefly before they were married on April 24, 1969.
Hyland and Travolta remained together until her death on March 27, 1977, in Los Angeles; she died in Travolta's arms.
Her father, Louis Loehr, was an oil supply executive, and her mother, Martha Loehr, was a concert pianist.
She also had many TV leading roles during the 1950s, particularly in the middle years of the decade.
As a solo pianist, she released at least one single on Capitol Records with backing by the Paul Weston orchestra.
She was survived by her husband and four children, Matthew, Dorothy, Mary, and Margaret.
Lynn married architect John C. Lindsay December 18, 1948; they divorced in June 1953.
Lynn was then married in 1956 to Mortimer Hall, son of New York Post newspaper publisher Dorothy Schiff.
Born in Seattle, Washington, Miller entered movies with assistance from actor Wallace Reid.
She worked for five years for Famous Players-Lasky before she lost her job and rebounded with the Fox Film Company.
She studied acting under Stella Adler and made her name on the New York stage.
Scarwid was born in Savannah, Georgia, the daughter of Elizabeth and Anthony John Scarwid .
Diana left Georgia at the age of 17, heading to New York to become an actress.
Despite her childhood fame and wealth, she found herself poor and working as an extra by the 1930s.
She is the author of several books and has become an advocate for child actors' rights.
Her older sister, called Louise or, occasionally, Jackie, was legally named Jack-Louise.
Between 1921 and 1924, Peggy made close to 150 short comedy films for Century.
In 1923, Peggy began working for Universal Studios, appearing in full-length dramatic films.
Her likeness appeared on magazine covers and was used in advertisements for various businesses and charitable campaigns.
By 1923 she was signed to a $1.5 million a year contract at Universal ; on her vaudeville tours she made $300 per day.
Her parents handled all of the finances; money was spent on expensive cars, homes, and clothing.
Coogan's case, and cases like Baby Peggy's, eventually inspired the Coogan Act to protect child actors' earnings.
Peggy's working conditions, as described in later interviews and her autobiography, were harsh.
Peggy and her family toured the United States and Canada, performing in major venues, until the family tired of touring.
Her mother feared for her health, another reason for leaving the rough life of touring.
Peggy's father planned to buy a ranch and convert it into a high-end getaway.
However, the stock market crash of 1929 put an immediate halt to the plans.
Peggy posed for publicity photos with Douglas Fairbanks Sr. and signed George Ullman as her manager.
Hopes of a comeback were mostly dashed by false rumors of a bad screen test that had never taken place.
The entire family was forced to take extra work while Peggy attended Fairfax High School.
As an adult, Cary has worked on numerous books exposing harsh working conditions for child stars in Hollywood.
In 2012 a campaign to get Cary a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame was initiated on crowd-funding site Indiegogo.
The vast majority of Cary's Baby Peggy films have not survived and records related to their production have been lost.
Filmographies at major websites are incomplete, and sometimes incorrect, because of these facts.
 Diana Sowle Diana Sowle is an American actress, who has worked in all facets of the entertainment industry.
Following the death of Leonard Stone in 2011 , she is the last surviving parent of a child character in the film.
Sowle lives in the Washington, D.C. area where her husband worked for the CIA.
She graduated from Santa Monica College with honors obtaining her Associate of Arts Degree in Liberal Arts in 2010.
Newlin has studied music with both Bob Marks in New York City and Seth Riggs in Hollywood.
She wrote and worked with Roy 'Royalty' Hamilton formally of Capitol Records and Warner Drew Right Music.

At the age of 18, Baker moved to New York to study acting with Charles Conrad and ballet with Nina Fonaroff.
Born in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, D'Aquila has spent her adult life and career in Canada, and holds dual citizenship.
She won both an ACTRA Award and a Gemini Award in 2005 for her performance in the play's television adaptation.


Diane Farr was born on September 7, 1969 in New York City, New York.
Farr then joined the Showtime cable-television series 'Californication' for a 10-episode run in autumn 2009.
On June 26, 2006, she married 36-year-old entertainment marketing executive Seung Yong Chung.
In 1993, she co-founded the non-profit, Los Angeles based, independent filmmaking collective, Filmmakers Alliance.
Her short film performance credits include “Transaction” which won the Grand Prix du Jury at Clermont-Ferrand.
In 2012, Diane acted in “We Are Not Afraid of the Dark” and performed in 6 cities in Europe.
 Diane Keaton Diane Keaton is an American film actress, director, producer and screenwriter.
Keaton's films have earned a cumulative gross of over US$1.1 billion in North America.
In addition to acting, she is also a photographer, real estate developer, author, and occasional singer.
Keaton was born as Diane Hall on January 5, 1946 in Los Angeles, California.
Keaton is a 1963 graduate of Santa Ana High School in Santa Ana, California.
Even though Keaton received widespread exposure from the films, her character's importance was minimal.
Many of Keaton's mannerisms and her self-deprecating sense of humor were added into the role by Allen.
The two starred as a frequently on-again, off-again couple living in New York City.
The film was both a major financial and critical success, and won the Academy Award for Best Picture.
Soon after the film's release, men's clothing and pantsuits became popular attire for women.
She is known to favor men's vintage clothing, and usually appears in public wearing gloves and conservative attire.
In 1977, she began recording tracks for a solo album, but the finished record never materialized.
By the 1990s, Keaton had established herself as one of the most popular and versatile actors in Hollywood.
 Diane Ladd Diane Ladd is an American actress, film director, producer and author.
Ladd is the mother of actress Laura Dern, by her ex-husband, actor Bruce Dern.
Diane Elizabeth Dern died at 18 months from head injuries caused by falling into a swimming pool.
She was the second actress to play the role of Kitty Styles on the long-running daytime serial.
The 15-episode program, set on a dude ranch in Nevada starred Beau Bridges and Lloyd Bridges.
Lane's mother went to Mexico and obtained a divorce while retaining custody of Lane until she was six years old.
Lane and her father lived in a number of residential hotels in New York City and she rode with him in his taxi.
She returned to New York and moved in with a friend's family, paying them rent.
Lane and her father challenged her mother in court, and six weeks later, she was back in New York.
Lane did not speak to her mother for the subsequent three years, but they have since reconciled.
Lane won high praise from Olivier, who declared her 'The New Grace Kelly'.
In the early 1980s, Lane made a successful transition from child actor to adult roles.
Apparently, they had even got as far as costume fittings for Lane, before the role eventually went to Julia Roberts.
At this time, she was interested in making a film about actress Jean Seberg in which she would play Seberg.
Lane played a housewife who indulges in an adulterous fling with a mysterious book dealer.
It is the third film Gere and Lane filmed together; it was based on the novel of the same title by Nicholas Sparks.
I need to be a bitch, and I need to be in a comedy.
Lane earned Emmy, Screen Actors Guild, Satellite, and Golden Globe award nominations for her portrayal of Pat Loud.
The series introduces women and girls living under very difficult circumstances and bravely fighting to challenge them.
A day before that, Lyne held a dinner for the actress at the Four Seasons Hotel.
She was ranked #45 on AskMen.com's Top 99 Most Desirable Women in 2005, #85 in 2006 and #98 in 2007.
They have a daughter, Eleanor Jasmine, and following a prolonged separation, were divorced in 1994.
Lane became engaged to actor Josh Brolin in July 2003 and they were married on August 15, 2004.
Lane has become very much an ambassador for this kind of work and charity work in general.
 Diane Salinger Diane Louise Salinger is an American actress, voice actress, and comedian. 

She joined the San Francisco ballet in the 1950s and initially planned on becoming a folk singer.
She was discovered by producer Buddy Adler, who immediately put her under contract of 20th Century Fox.
She was even dropped by her agent in 1956, because he saw no future in her career.
She refused to reveal her motives for leaving the industry, explaining it concerned other people as well.
While in Hollywood, Varsi was known for being unglamorous, never wearing any make-up or fancy clothes.
She was married to Michael Hausman on May 21, 1961; they had a daughter, Willo.
On November 19, 1992, Varsi died from respiratory failure at the age of 54 in Los Angeles.
Diane graduated from East Hartford High School , during which she was active in musicals and plays.
Venora was married to cinematographer Andrzej Bartkowiak in 1980; the couple divorced in 1989.
She quit show business in 1989 to spend more time with her daughter Madzia, then eight years old.
During her hiatus, Venora lived in New York, teaching disadvantaged children and acting in an occasional play.
 Dianna Agron Dianna Elise Agron is an American actress, singer, dancer, and music video director.
She is also the creator and co-editor of the music, art and photography website You, Me and Charlie.
Agron was born in Savannah, Georgia, and raised in San Antonio, Texas, and San Francisco, California.
She is the daughter of Mary and Ronald S. Agron, a general manager of Hyatt hotels.
Due to this, Agron said she and her family lived in different hotels growing up.
Her father was born to a Jewish family, while her mother converted to Judaism.
She has been dancing since the age of three, focusing mainly in jazz and ballet, and later began hip-hop dancing.
Agron then fell in love with musical theater, and often performed in local and school productions.
After this role, she was only offered horror films that included nudity, and turned them all down.
In 2009, Agron hosted a mini music festival for 826LA in Los Angeles called Chickens in Love.
Agron was the last primary actor to be cast, having won the role only days before the pilot began filming.
Before being cast as Quinn, the show's producers wondered if she appeared too innocent.
The role saw Agron nominated for the Teen Choice Award for Female Breakout Star star in 2009.
It showed a brief description of Agron's character and her audition for the show.
The film was released on September 13, 2013, and received mixed to negative reviews.
The film is directed by Aram Rappaport and produced by Hilary Shor, Atit Shah and Aaron Becker.
Agron confirmed via Twitter that she started shooting the film on November 20, 2013.
Paz de la Huerta, Chris Zylka, and Louisa Krause also star in the film.
Both films premiered on April 2015 at the Tribeca Film Festival, receiving positive reviews from critics.
The film is about a lesbian named Alison, played by Agron, whose brother goes missing and she sets out to find him.
The fantasy-based play was written by James Phillips, for the fifth anniversary of Alexander McQueen's death.
The play ran from May 12 to June 6, 2015 at London's St. James Theatre.
In 2011, when asked about if she is interested in a solo album, Agron said that she is more focused on acting.
On the day before her eighteenth birthday, Charlotte Hill makes a decision to change.
Agron hosted the GLAAD Media Awards on June 2, 2012, in San Francisco.
Agron's Twitter account was hacked on December 18, 2011, and had started many trending topics.
Using her Tumblr account as a starting point, Agron released her website You, Me and Charlie on December 12, 2011.
Following Rivera's tradition of auctioning off kisses to an audience member, she raised $5,500 for the campaign.
Agron worked with The Trevor Project in 2012 to raise money in honor of her birthday.
Also in 2012, Agron visited the Kampong Cham Center, where she met children and teenage residents.
Agron donated possessions to the Vietnam Veterans of America in Los Angeles during August 2013.
Later that month, she attended to the 10th anniversary gala of a ASmallWorld and sold a kiss for more than $20,000.
Agron also came in seventh place in the 2013 Opposing Views' list of Hottest Actresses On Primetime TV.
She came second place in MuchMusic's list of 5 Stars to Watch in 2013.

 Dianne Wiest Dianne Evelyn Wiest is an American actress on stage, television and film.
She has won two Academy Awards, two Emmy Awards and a Golden Globe Award.
Her mother, Anne Stewart , was born in Auchtermuchty, Scotland, and worked as a nurse.
Wiest graduated from the University of Maryland in 1969 with a degree in Arts and Sciences.
Wiest studied theatre at the University of Maryland, leaving after her third term to tour with a Shakespearean troupe.
She received another nomination for the second season, in 2009, but did not win.
Wiest was in a long-term relationship with a New York talent agent, Sam Cohn, for many years.
Conn was born in Brooklyn, New York, the daughter of a clinical psychologist.
On November 13, 2008, Conn was named national celebrity spokesperson for Autism Speaks.
Before that, Conn was a spokesperson for the National Alliance for Autism Research, now part of Autism Speaks.
 Dimitra Arliss Dimitra Arliss , sometimes credited as Dimitra Arlys, was an American actress.
Of Greek descent, she was born in Lorain, Ohio, on October 23, 1932.
Lohan was born and raised in New York City, to John L. and Ann Sullivan.
The Lohans have four children: Lindsay , Michael, Jr. , Aliana , and Dakota Lohan .
In April 2005, she received a lifetime achievement award from the American Academy of Dramatic Arts.
In 1946, she wed Stanley M. Rumbough, Jr., an heir to the Colgate-Palmolive toothpaste fortune and an entrepreneur.
In 1969, Merrill gave birth to a daughter, Heather, who predeceased her parents.
In 1991, Merrill and Hartley merged their company, Pavilion Communications, with RKO to form RKO Pictures .
She served on the board of directors and the compensation committee of Lehman Brothers for over 18 years. 
Her first experience in the entertainment industry came when she did some modeling from ages nine to 16.
 Dina Spybey Dina Spybey is an American actress, known as Dina Waters since her 2000 wedding to director Mark Waters.
Lenney was born to Nelson Gerard and Leah Gross in 1956 in New York City.
Her parents divorced in 1958, after which time she lived with her mother, who remarried Ron Lenney.
She received a Certificate of Acting from the Neighborhood Playhouse, where she studied with Sanford Meisner.
She also holds a Master of Fine Arts in creative nonfiction from the Bennington Writing Seminars.
In her acting career, Lenney has had a variety of stage, film, and television roles.
Her married name is Dinah Lenney Mills, though she usually uses the name Dinah Lenney for professional purposes.
She starred in numerous television movies and guest starred on various television programs in this timespan.
Since 1997, Manoff has been married to Arthur Mortell and currently resides in Bainbridge Island, Washington.
She had previously resided in Los Angeles, California and New York City, New York.
Manoff was born in New York City to actress, director, and writer, Lee Grant and screenwriter Arnold Manoff.
She spent her childhood and teenage years in New York, and Malibu, California.
She reprised that role for the film version in 1982, with Walter Matthau and Ann-Margret.
In 1997, she married motivational speaker Arthur Mortell with whom she has three children: Dashiell and twin boys. 
She got into acting when her mother enrolled her in an acting class to help her overcome introversion.
At the age of 17, she moved to Los Angeles in hope of pursuing an acting career.
Baird stars also in the FEARnet webseries Tea Party Massacre, which is part of the series Women in Horror Month.
In February 2011, she starred in a short musical film called Howlin' for You for the band The Black Keys.
Baird and her husband Jonathan Togo had a son, Otis, on December 12, 2012. 
Zappa won an award at age 12 in a poster contest to raise awareness about child abuse and neglect.
The clothing is primarily knitted or crocheted, and consists of hats, ponchos and skirts.
Carter was born in McLemoresville, Tennessee, and spent many of her early years in Memphis.
In 1959, Carter competed in the Miss Tennessee pageant, where she placed first runner-up to Mickie Weyland.
Carter won the Miss Volunteer beauty pageant at the University of Tennessee in the same year.
Carter took the role though some advised her that doing a daytime soap might negatively affect her career.
The film was produced by Dogwood Entertainment and is based on a short story by William Gay.
She divorced Arthur Carter in 1977, and married Broadway and TV actor George Hearn the same year.
Carter renovated her old family home in McLemoresville with the designs of architect Hoyte Johnson of Atlanta.
She acknowledged, along with other celebrities, having used human growth hormone for its antiaging properties.
She was interviewed by Bill O'Reilly along with Pat Boone at the 2000 Republican National Convention.
The Dixie Carter Performing Arts and Academic Enrichment Center in Huntingdon, Tennessee, is named in honor of Carter.
 Djibouti Djibouti , officially the Republic of Djibouti, is a country located in the Horn of Africa.
It is bordered by Eritrea in the north, Ethiopia in the west and south, and Somalia in the southeast.
The remainder of the border is formed by the Red Sea and the Gulf of Aden at the east.
It was subsequently renamed to the French Territory of the Afars and the Issas in 1967.
About 94% of residents adhere to Islam, a religion that has been predominant in the region for more than 1,000 years.
A burgeoning commercial hub, the nation is the site of various foreign military bases, including Camp Lemonnier.
Pottery predating the mid-2nd millennium has been found at Asa Koma, an inland lake area on the Gobaad Plain.
Rock art of what appear to be antelopes and a giraffe are also found at Dorra and Balho.
Additionally, between Djibouti City and Loyada are a number of anthropomorphic and phallic stelae.
The Djibouti-Loyada stelae are of uncertain age, and some of them are adorned with a T-shaped symbol.
According to the temple reliefs at Deir el-Bahari, the Land of Punt was ruled at that time by King Parahu and Queen Ati.
Ifat established bases in Djibouti and northern Somalia, and from there expanded southward to the Ahmar Mountains.
Its Sultan Umar Walashma is recorded as having conquered the Sultanate of Shewa in 1285.
A lengthy war ensued, but the Muslim sultanates of the time were not strongly unified.
Ifat was finally defeated by Emperor Amda Seyon I of Ethiopia in 1332, and withdrew from Shewa.
In 1967, a second plebiscite was held to determine the fate of the territory.
However, the referendum was again marred by reports of vote rigging on the part of the French authorities.
A landslide 98.8% of the electorate supported disengagement from France, officially marking Djibouti's independence.
During its first year, Djibouti joined the Organization of African Unity , the Arab League and United Nations.
The President shares executive power with his or her appointee, the Prime Minister, currently Abdoulkader Kamil Mohamed.
The Council of Ministers is responsible to the legislature and presided over by the President.
The judicial system consists of courts of first instance, a High Court of Appeal, and a Supreme Court.
The legal system is a blend of French civil law, Sharia and customary law of the Somali and Afar peoples.
The National Assembly is the country's legislature, consisting of 65 members elected every five years.
Djibouti's current president, Guelleh, succeeded Hassan Gouled Aptidon in office in 1999.
Guelleh was sworn in for his second six-year term after a one-man election on 8 April 2005.
Guelleh was re-elected to a third term later that year, with 80.63% of the vote in a 75% turnout.
As of 2010, the manpower available for military service was 170,386 males and 221,411 females aged 16 to 49.
A radical group continued to fight the government, but signed its own peace treaty in 2001.
In 1999, a political crisis occurred when both sides accused each other of supporting its enemies.
France's 13th Demi-Brigade of the Foreign Legion is based in Djibouti, but not in Djibouti City.
The country's coastline stretches , with terrain consisting mainly of plateaux, plains and highlands.
Its borders extend , of which are shared with Eritrea, with Ethiopia, and with Somalia.
The exception is a strip along the Red Sea coast, which is part of the Eritrean coastal desert.
Djibouti's climate is significantly warmer and has significantly less seasonal variation than the world average.
At an average altitude of , the area includes the Goda massif, with a peak of .
It covers an area of of Juniperus procera forest, with many of the trees rising to height.
The GDP in 2013 was estimated at $2.505 billion, with a real growth rate of 5% annually.
The services sector constituted around 79.7% of the GDP, followed by industry at 17.3%, and agriculture at 3%.
As of 2013, the container terminal at the Port of Djibouti handles the bulk of the nation's trade.
A $396 million project, it has the capacity to accommodate 1.5 million twenty foot container units annually.
It is issued by the Central Bank of Djibouti, the country's monetary authority.
Since the Djiboutian franc is pegged to the U.S. dollar, it is generally stable and inflation is not a problem.
However, it was announced in June 2010 that Phase I of the project had been delayed.
The Somali clan component is mainly composed of the Issas, a sub-clan of the larger Dir.
The remaining 5% of Djibouti's population primarily consists of Arabs, Ethiopians and Europeans .
In addition, Djibouti is a multilingual nation, with a population of about 774,389 inhabitants.
As of 2009, it allocates 20.5% of its annual budget to scholastic instruction.
From 2004–05 to 2007–08, net enrollments of girls in primary school rose by 18.6%; for boys, it increased 8.0%.
Net enrollments in middle school over the same period rose by 72.4% for girls and 52.2% for boys.
At the secondary level, the rate of increase in net enrollments was 49.8% for girls and 56.1% for boys.
In Djibouti the number of midwives per 1,000 live births is 6 and the lifetime risk of death for pregnant women 1 in 93.
Islam is observed by 94% of the nation's population , while the remaining 6% of residents are Christians.
Traditional Arabian garb such as the male jellabiya and the female jilbāb is also commonly worn.
A lot of Djibouti's original art is passed on and preserved orally, mainly through song.
That is, they only use five pitches per octave in contrast to a heptatonic scale such as the major scale.
Balwo is a Somali musical style centered on love themes that is popular in Djibouti.
It comes in many varieties, including songs for weddings, war, praise and boasting.
In recent years, a number of politicians and intellectuals have also penned memoirs or reflections on the country.
Local dishes are commonly prepared using a lot of Middle Eastern spices, ranging from saffron to cinnamon.
Halva is made from sugar, corn starch, cardamom powder, nutmeg powder and ghee.
Her high-pitched voice could be heard announcing the show's title at the beginning of each episode.
Born Dolores Goodman in Columbus, Ohio, she was the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Dexter Y. Goodman.
As Goodman's fame grew, she became difficult to handle on the show, and Paar was not happy with her upstaging habits.
 Doe Avedon Doe Avedon was an American model and stage, film and television actress.
She was born Dorcas Marie Nowell in Old Westbury, New York, Long Island.
Her mother died when she was three years old after which she was raised by her father who worked as a butler.
After he died when Avedon was 12 years old, she was raised by the wealthy family for whom her father had worked.
At the age of 19, she began working at a bank in New York City.
They were married in 1944 and Avedon set about making his new wife a top model.
The film was based on the 1953 film of the same name starring Betty Grable, Marilyn Monroe and Lauren Bacall.
On December 18, 2011, Avedon died of pneumonia at the Encino Hospital Medical Center in Encino at the age of 86.
She was survived by her four children and her long-time partner, actor Michael Liscio.
Her funeral was held at Forest Lawn Memorial Park on December 22 where she is interred.
Haas was born in Hamburg, Germany, to Charles Oswald Haas, a bookseller of British origin, and Margarete Maria .
This high-profile film also starred Montgomery Clift, Anne Baxter, Karl Malden and Brian Aherne.
Dolores Costello was born in Pittsburgh, the daughter of actors Maurice Costello and Mae Costello .
They played supporting roles in several films starring their father, who was a popular matinee idol at the time.
Costello spent the remaining years of her life in semi-seclusion, managing an avocado farm.
She died from emphysema in Fallbrook, California, in 1979, and was interred in Calvary Cemetery, East Los Angeles.
Dolores Costello has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for her contributions to Motion Pictures, at 1645 Vine Street.
Dolores Costello appeared as a child actress in many films made between 1909 and 1915 .
She re-started her motion picture career in 1923 after spending several years modeling in New York. 
A cocktail party was held at the Gardens Restaurant at 4311 Magnolia Avenue in Burbank, California.
Fuller also had her music recorded by Nat 'King' Cole, Peggy Lee, and other leading talents of the time.
After we broke up, he would stand outside my home in Burbank and cry.
However, she stated that she liked the film overall, praising Johnny Depp's performance in the title role.
She was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Lead Actress in a Musical twice, winning once.
Born as Sylvia Dolores Finkelstein to Barbara Marguerite Gray and Harry Vernon Finkelstein in Los Angeles, California.
Dolores had an older brother, Richard Gray , who also had a career in Hollywood.
She was 'discovered' by Rudy Vallee, who gave her a guest spot on his nationwide radio show.
Her career commenced as a cabaret artiste in restaurants and supper clubs in San Francisco.
She therefore holds a record that is unlikely to be broken: briefest run in a performance which still earned a Tony.
When I see movies on TV, I think, 'How great to have that.'
Despite erroneous reports in the media that they divorced, they remained married until his death in 1992.
Hicks was also related by marriage, through an aunt, to singer Mario Lanza.
By age 11, she was living again in Beverly Hills with her mother, a restaurant greeter, who married owner Al Gordon.
Hart also made a sketch of a St. Francis statue, arms outstretched, while working on the movie .
The 24-year-old actress became a Roman Catholic nun at the Benedictine Abbey of Regina Laudis in Bethlehem, Connecticut.
Besides her film career, Hart also left behind a fiancé, Los Angeles architect, Don Robinson .
He never married, but visited her every year at Christmas and Easter until his death.
She initially took the religious name Sister Judith, but she changed it to Sister Dolores at her final vows.
Another friend, the Academy Award winning actress, Patricia Neal, helped support the abbey's theater.
Since 1963, when she joined the Bethlehem abbey, she disciplined herself under the Rule of Saint Benedict.
degree, Sutton wrote a radio script , sold it to NBC, and landed the voice role.
Dolores Sutton died of cancer on May 11, 2009 at the Actor's Home in Englewood, New Jersey, aged 82. 
After graduation, she spent a year in Florence, Italy, where she learned Italian.
Dunne portrayed Dana Freeling, the teenage daughter of a couple whose family is terrorized by ghosts.
Dunne met John Thomas Sweeney, a cooking hand at the restaurant Ma Maison, at a party in 1981.
After a few weeks of dating, they moved into a one-bedroom house on Rangely Avenue in West Hollywood together.
According to one account, he yanked handfuls of her hair out by the roots during an argument on August 27, 1982.
When Sweeney heard Dunne start the engine of her car, he ran out and jumped on the car's hood.
Dunne stopped the car long enough for Sweeney to jump off the hood and then drove away.
For the next few days, she stayed with her mother and at the homes of her friends.
After he moved out, she had the locks changed and moved back into the Rangely Avenue home.
While she was speaking to a female friend on the phone, Sweeney had the operator break into the conversation.
After speaking to him through the locked door, Dunne agreed to speak to him on the porch while Packer remained inside.
He called police but was told that Dunne's home was out of their jurisdiction.
Packer then phoned a friend and told him if she was found dead, John Sweeney was the killer.
Over the following days, doctors performed brain scans that showed she had no brain activity due to oxygen deprivation.
At the request of her mother, her kidneys and heart were donated to transplant recipients.
Dunne's funeral was held on November 6 at The Church of the Good Shepherd in Beverly Hills.
As she was playing an abused teen on the episode, she required no makeup to create the bruises seen.
The episode aired several days after Dunne's funeral and was dedicated to her memory.
The night of Dunne's attack, responding officers found Sweeney standing by Dunne's unconscious body in her driveway.
He denied assaulting Dunne claiming that he was only trying to prevent her from leaving their home.
Sweeney's trial began in August 1983 and was presided over by Judge Burton S. Katz.
He testified that he had not intended to harm Dunne the night he arrived at her home.
Sweeney said he attempted to revive her by making her walk around but she fell down.
Sweeney said that he also vomited, ran into the house and consumed two bottles of pills in an attempt to kill himself.
I didn’t think I choked her that hard, but I don’t know, I just kept on choking her.
The medical examiner who performed Dunne's autopsy determined that she had been strangled for at least three minutes.
Judge Katz granted the request and the jury never learned of Pierce's testimony until after the trial.
He was also convicted of misdemeanor assault for the altercation with Dunne that occurred on September 26, 1982.
Speigel went on to say that had the jury heard all the evidence, they would have convicted Sweeney for murder.
On the advice of Tina Brown, Dominick Dunne kept a journal during the trial.
After the trial, John Sweeney was incarcerated at a medium security prison in Susanville, California.
Sweeney eventually left the job due to the protests from Dunne's family and moved out of Los Angeles.
Dominique's brother Griffin later called the doctor's daughter and tried to convince her to call off her engagement.
She married her husband Lonnie Brandon, a California Attorney, on 8 August 2008.

 Dona Drake Dona Drake was an American singer, dancer and film actress in the 1930s and 1940s.
Entering show business in the 1930s, she used the names Una Velon, Rita Rio and Rita Shaw.
Studio publicity during her heyday incorrectly stated that Drake was of Mexican origin and was born Rita Novella.
In 1944 she appeared in a B-movie titled Hot Rhythm as one of the leading characters.
Fellow actresses Marie Wilson, Toby Wing, and Faith Bacon were also part of the orchestra.
In 1936, Drake was questioned by the FBI about the murder of her then-boyfriend and known mobster, Louis Amberg.
Drake died in Los Angeles, California on June 20, 1989 at the age of 74 of pneumonia and respiratory failure.
 Dona Hardy Dona Hardy , sometimes misspelled as Donna Hardy, was an American film and television actress.
She briefly dated an up-and-coming, but still largely unknown, actor named Anthony Quinn.
Hardy began her acting career late in life, usually playing sweet, sometimes deceptively harmless-looking old ladies.
She married Irving Hardekopf in 1946; the couple adopted a son and remained together until his death in 1980.
Widowed, she adapted her acting name from a shortened version of her married name.
Anderson was born Donna Knaflich in Gunnison, Colorado, the daughter of Wenona Hanly-Knaflich and Louis John Knaflich.
 Donna Corcoran Donna Corcoran, is a former child actress who appeared in several Hollywood films of the early 1950s.
For a time, D'Errico owned Zen Spa, a day spa in Calabasas, California.
D'Errico had been in another relationship, from which her son, Rhyan, had been born in 1993.
In the same interview she said she was preparing to start a cooking show, also described as a lifelong dream.
She listed her mean-average income per month at $7,858.33, but cited monthly expenses that came to $10,991.04.
One of her checking accounts was completely emptied, and she was overdrawn on another account.
She listed almost $600,000 in legal debt and more than $20,000 in credit card debt, which was subsequently discharged.
Dixon was born on July 20, 1957, in Alexandria, Virginia to Earl Dixon.
She is a 1975 graduate of Groveton High School and attended The George Washington University.
Dixon began her career as a model and was named Miss Virginia USA, in 1976, and Miss Washington DC World, in 1977.
In 2007, she had a small part in the television show, Las Vegas.
Champlin was born in Rochester, New York, to a technical writer mother and a scientist father.
Her burgeoning career began at the age of four, when she performed a tap solo in a local variety show.
For this role, she won the Soap Opera Digest Award for Outstanding Villainess three times; in 1986, 1988 and 1989.
Mills was born Donna Jean Miller in Chicago, Illinois, where she attended Garvey Elementary School and Taft High school.
From there Mills attended the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign where she was a member of Delta Gamma sorority.
She appeared on Broadway in Woody Allen's comedy, 'Don't Drink the Water', as the Sultan of Bashir's wife.
She was a cast member for three years, until she left the series in 1970 and moved to California.
The actress became somewhat famous for playing these roles, often leading to unwanted typecasting.
However, he had a different sense of the character and who would wind up in the role.
With Mills' reputation of playing the victim, he initially didn't choose her for the part.
In 1989, Mills announced her intention to leave the long-running nighttime soap after nine years as Abby.
According to Mills, she wanted to take a break from acting for a while, and from Abby as well.
In 2014, Mills made her return to daytime soap operas, for the first time since 1970.
Mills has never married, but has one daughter, Chloe, whom she adopted in late 1994 when Chloe was four days old.
 Donna Murphy Donna Murphy is an American actress and singer, known for her work in musical theater.
She was nominated for a 2011 Tony Award for Leading Actress in a Musical for her role in the production.
Her voice-over work in TV commercials, includes the Le Vian chocolate diamonds series for Jared Jewelry. 
Pescow attended Sheepshead Bay High School in Brooklyn, and studied at the American Academy of the Arts.
For this role, she was the New York Film Critics third place choice for their award for best supporting actress.
Her primary cast-mates were Robert Hays, Debralee Scott, and fellow Brooklynite Doris Roberts.
Her character was the first on the daytime serials to have a lesbian sexual orientation.
Donna portrayed this role for the show's entire run, from its premiere in 1987 until its cancellation in 1991.
In 1999, Disney contacted Pescow about appearing in a half-hour kids/teen sitcom for the network.
It aired for three seasons, the norm for Disney Channel series of the time, from 2000-2003.
After graduating from Denison High School, Reed planned to become a teacher, but was unable to pay for college.
She decided to move to California to attend Los Angeles City College on the advice of her aunt.
While attending college, she performed in various stage productions but had no plans to become an actress.
The show featured her as Donna Stone, the housewife of pediatrician Alex Stone and mother of Jeff and Mary Stone .
Reed won a Golden Globe Award and earned four Emmy Award nominations for her work on the series.
It has a sort of level of intelligence and professionalism that is sadly lacking in current entertainment products.
The folks you saw were likable, the family was fun, the situations were familiar to people.
She returned to acting in the 1970s, appearing in various guest spots in television series and television movies.
When Bel Geddes agreed to return to the role for the 1985–86 season, Reed was abruptly fired.
Her interest peaked during the Vietnam War when she became concerned that her oldest son, Tony, might be drafted.
In 1967, Reed became a peace activist and co-chaired the anti-war advocacy group, Another Mother for Peace.
In addition to being an opponent of the Vietnam War, Reed also opposed nuclear power plants.
Reed's childhood home was located on Donna Reed Drive in Denison but was destroyed by a fire in 1983.
Reed's Academy Award is on display at the W. A. McHenry Museum in Denison.
Vivino was raised in Fair Lawn, New Jersey, and graduated from Barnard College of Columbia University in New York City.
Danny Vivino is her brother as well as Michael Vivino and sisters Antonia and Natalia.
The show ran until December 15, and Donna was seen in roles such as Mandy, Ruth Ginsberg and Fran Drescher.
She joined the tour on October 30, 2007, serving as the standby for Carmen Cusack.
Her first ever performance took place on December 26, 2007, and her first in the lead role on November 5, 2008.
On August 23, 2011, Donna took over the position of Elphaba standby on Broadway, replacing Jennifer DiNoia.
She first covered during the absence of lead Teal Wicks on the matinee of September 14.
Vivino went on for Burns the last two weeks of Burns' contract while she was suffering from the flu.
 Doris Belack Doris Belack was an American character actress of stage, film and television.
Her husband, producer Philip Rose, died on May 31, 2011 ; they had been married for 65 years and had no children. 
She eventually settled in Santa Cruz, California, where she lived until her death on June 18, 1980, age 63. 
 Doris Day Doris Day is an American actress, singer, and animal rights activist.
She received the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award and a Legend Award from the Society of Singers.
As of January 2014, Day is the oldest living artist to score a UK Top 10 with an album featuring new material.
Day is retired from acting and performing, but has continued her work in animal rights causes and animal welfare.
The youngest of three siblings, she had two older brothers: Richard and Paul, several years older.
A car accident on October 13, 1937, injured her legs and curtailed her prospects as a professional dancer.
While recovering, Day started to sing along with the radio and discovered a talent that she didn't know she had.
Observing her daughter rekindled Alma's interest in show business, and she decided to give Doris singing lessons.
Years later, Day said that Raine had the biggest effect on her singing style and career.
According to Rapp, he had auditioned about 200 singers when Day got the job.
After working with Rapp, Day worked with bandleaders Jimmy James, Bob Crosby, and Les Brown.
It soon became an anthem of the desire of World War II demobilizing troops to return home.
By the time she left Brown's band in August 1946, she was the highest paid female band vocalist in the world.
In 1941, Day appeared as a singer with the Les Brown band in a soundie .
Her agent Al Levy convinced her to attend a party at the home of composer Jule Styne.
Between 1950 and 1953, the albums from six of her movie musicals charted in the Top 10, three of them at #1.
The film garnered critical and commercial success, becoming Day's biggest hit so far.
She recalled being worried if she was pleasing him and confronted him on her performance.
At the premiere, Hitchcock was asked how he got such a great performance from Day.
The film was Day's 10th movie to be in the Top 10 at the box office.
In 1959, Day entered her most successful phase as a film actress with a series of romantic comedies.
1 at the box office, the only woman to be #1 four times.
By the late 1960s, the sexual revolution of the baby boomer generation had refocused public attitudes about sex.
In February 1969, Day filed suit against Rosenthal and won the then-largest civil judgment in the state of California.
Day grudgingly persevered , but only after CBS ceded creative control to her and her son.
By the end of its run in 1973, public tastes had changed and her firmly established persona was regarded as passé.
The network canceled the show after 26 episodes, despite the worldwide publicity it received.
In October 1979, Rosenthal's liability insurer settled with Day for about $6 million payable in 23 annual installments.
In April 1986, the U.S. Supreme Court refused to review the lower court's judgment.
Two of the hotels sold in 1970 for about $7 million, and their estimated worth in 1986 was $50 million.
He continued representing clients in federal courts until the U.S. Supreme Court ruled against him on March 21, 1988.
Most of the interviews on the subject given to Hotchner paint an unflattering portrait of Melcher.
She had been walking through the gardens of her hotel when she cut her leg on a sprinkler.
In 1994, Day's Greatest Hits album became another entry into the British charts.
In 2000, Day received the Ohio Medal of Honor, that state's highest civilian award.
In 2006, Day recorded a commentary for the DVD release of the fifth season of her television show.
Day received a Grammy for Lifetime Achievement in Music in 2008, albeit again in absentia.
The disc was released in the US via City Hall Records on December 6, and within two weeks had climbed to No.
In January 2012, the Los Angeles Film Critics Association presented Day with a Lifetime Achievement Award.
She owns a hotel in Carmel-by-the-Sea, the Cypress Inn, which Melcher had co-owned with Day.
Day became an ordained minister with the Universal Life Church in order to officiate at weddings.
Day's interest in animal welfare and related issues apparently dates to her teen years.
While recovering from an automobile accident, she took her dog Tiny for a walk without a leash.
In 1978, Day founded her own Doris Day Pet Foundation, now the Doris Day Animal Foundation .
The HSUS now manages World Spay Day, the annual one-day spay/neuter event that Day originated.
As post-war work became more scarce, she emigrated to Italy to revive her career, as her sister had done.
Upon returning to the US, much of her work was in theatre and on television.
She was band leader Artie Shaw's 7th wife, by whom she had a son, Jonathan.
She began performing onstage as a young child, and made her Broadway debut at the age of 13.
She continued to perform in stage productions and silent films throughout the 1920s and early 1930s.
Eaton Travis had also returned to the stage as a featured performer in benefit performances.
She was one of seven children born to Mary and Charles Eaton in Norfolk, Virginia.
They quickly gained reputations as professional, reliable, and versatile actors, and were rarely out of work.
The entire Eaton family relocated to New York City, where the children pursued their careers in various stage projects.
By 1918, Pearl Eaton had become a dancer and assistant to the director with the Ziegfeld Follies.
The Follies were a series of elaborate musical revues on Broadway in New York City from 1907 through 1931.
Inspired by the Folies Bergère of Paris, the Follies were conceived and produced by Florenz Ziegfeld.
Travis was the lyricist for the latter song, but did not receive due credit.
At the age of 18, she married Joe Gorham, the producer of the Gorham Follies.
The union lasted for six months, ending when Gorham died of a heart attack.
In 1936, she was hired by the Arthur Murray Dance Studios in New York as a tap dance instructor.
She remained with the Arthur Murray company for thirty-two years, advancing from teaching to owning her own school.
One of her pupils, inventor and engineer Paul Travis, became her husband after an 11-year courtship.
Their marriage lasted over fifty years, until Paul's death in 2000; they had no children.
The initial plot grew to , and many of the quarter-horses bred and raised on the ranch had success in racing.
The ranch operated largely as a boarding facility, managed by Eaton Travis, until 2008.
In 1992, aged 88, Eaton Travis graduated cum laude from the University of Oklahoma.
She was awarded an honorary doctorate from Oakland University in 2004 at the age of 100.
In 1997, she and four former Ziegfeld Girls reunited for the reopening of the New Amsterdam Theatre.
Her last public appearance was the opening of the 2010 Easter Bonnet show on April 27, 2010.
On May 11, 2010, Eaton Travis died of an aneurysm in Commerce, Michigan at the age of 106.
 Doris Hill Doris Hill was an American film actress of the 1920s and 1930s, mostly in B movies.
Born and raised in Roswell, New Mexico, Hill moved to Hollywood in the mid-1920s to pursue an acting career.
Western film roles became her most common parts, with her often starring opposite Tom Tyler.
In 1932, she starred in another six films, four of which were westerns.
In 1933, she starred in four films, all westerns, and by 1934, her career had slowed to almost no roles.
She then married Hollywood director, producer and writer Monte Brice, and eventually moved to Kingman, Arizona.

She grew up in Syracuse, New York, where her family had a home at 1805 Harrison Street.
Her father, Dr. James B. Kenyon, was a Methodist Episcopal Church minister at University Church.
She sang in the choirs of Grace Presbyterian and Bushwick Methodist Churches in Brooklyn, New York.
Her voice attracted the attention of Broadway theatrical scouts who enticed her to become a performer on the stage.
In 1938 Doris married Albert D. Lasker, owner of Lord & Thomas, a prosperous advertising agency.
Doris Kenyon died in 1979 at her Beverly Hills home, of cardiac arrest, four days before her 82nd birthday.
Packer was born Doris Edwards in Menominee in Menominee County in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.
Her discharge records were likely lost in the 1973 fire at the National Personnel Records Center.
She died at the age of seventy-four in 1979 in Glendale, California, from natural causes. 
 Doris Pawn Doris Pawn was an American actress who appeared in films of the silent era.
She was the third Nebraskan woman, after Mrs. Sidney Drew and Alice Dovey, to make a name for herself as an actress.
She came to California with her mother and brother and stayed in San Diego, California while her family returned east.
So impressed were the filmmakers that she was offered additional work if she came along to Los Angeles, California.
In addition to Fox, Pawn made movies with Universal, Goldwyn, and Paramount Pictures.
Pawn was first married to director Rex Ingram, but that union ended in divorce.
Her last marriage was to Samuel William Dunaway in 1937; the couple remained married until his death in 1969.
Her older sister, Gladys Rankin, was married to Lionel's uncle Sidney Drew.
Prior to this she performed in a number of sketches with her father and Barrymore.
The couple lived for an extended period in Paris, France returning to the United States about 1910.
Lionel was deeply affected by the loss of his two daughters and never truly got over it.
Most likely the girls' deaths played a part in the eventual end of Lionel and Doris's marriage.
The couple lived in Santa Monica which allowed Doris to be near the film studios.
In November 1931 Rankin was operated on for a thyroid ailment at the Park East Hospital in New York City.
She is buried in Suitland Maryland at Cedar Hill Cemetery under her married name to Malcolm Mortimer.
She began her career in show business as a vocalist in the late 1930s with Art Jarrett's orchestra.
 Doro Merande Doro Merande was an American actress who appeared in film, stage and television.
Born in Columbus, Kansas, as Dora Matthews and grew up in boarding schools in Michigan.
Orphaned at a young age, she later headed to New York City to become an actress.
A short time later, she died of a stroke at Jackson Memorial Hospital in Miami, aged 83.
She was born in St. Joseph, Missouri in 1916, and died in 1990 from breast cancer.

Born in Kansas City, Missouri, Abbott appeared in many films between the 1940s and 1960s as an extra.
When she could not find work as an actress, she modeled and sold real estate.
In the 1960s, she was a popular acting instructor at the UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television.
Adams was married to character actor Byron Foulger from 1921 until his death in 1970.
Allen landed her first roles in 1918 and acted in several Poverty Row films through 1925.
Appleby was seen in many supporting roles, almost always in short subjects or low-budget feature films.
She never progressed to leading roles in important pictures because of her height, which made her difficult to cast.
The trim brunette stood just over five feet tall, and her early leading men towered over her.
She also worked with Columbia comics Andy Clyde, El Brendel, and Hugh Herbert.
 Dorothy Arnold Dorothy Arnold was an American film actress and the first wife of baseball star Joe DiMaggio.
She was born as Dorothy Arnoldine Olson in Duluth, Minnesota, of Norwegian heritage.
By the age of 12 was performing on amateur nights at Duluth's Lyric Theater and with the local Salvation Army Band.
Her first theatrical job was with the Band Box Revue, traveling out of Chicago.
She studied at Paramount School in New York and played bits in pictures as a dancer.
Arnold tested twice with Paramount Pictures, but it was Universal Studios that offered her a stock contract.
The couple split up in 1942, but later reconciled in front of the press.
She received $500 a month in alimony, custody of Joe Jr. and $150 in child support.
Arnold's third marriage was to Ralph D.Peck to whom she remained married until her death.
Her father was from Auckland, New Zealand, and her mother was born in Sligo, Ireland.
In 1905, her family moved to Los Angeles, California, and her father accepted a position to manage the Balasco theater.
Dorothy and Lloyd Bridges remained married for 60 years, until he died in 1998 at the age of 85.
They had four children: Beau Vernet, Garrett Myles, Jeffrey Leon, and Lucinda Louise.
Bridges and her husband moved to New York City, where they continued to pursue their acting studies and careers.
They returned to Hollywood in the early 1940s when Lloyd Bridges was signed to Columbia Pictures.
In addition to raising her children, Bridges also introduced them to the acting profession as their first drama teacher.
She was known to write love poems to her husband every Valentine's Day during their 59-year marriage.
She was survived by her brother Frederick Simpsons, Jr.; sons, Beau Bridges and Jeff Bridges; and her daughter, Lucinda.
On her father's side she was related to David C. Montgomery of Montgomery and Stone.
For a decade he was an assistant to Harris M. Hanshue, who founded Western Air Express , and was its first president.
Burgess studied drawing, painting, and sculpture at Mrs. Dow's School in Briarcliff Manor, New York.
Burgess and her mother, Grace, resided in a home in Malibu, California, in 1932.
Her knowledge of the stage was proficient and she combined this with ample charm and attractiveness.
She learned about being a character actor in stock, along with adapting her voice and mannerisms to each new role.
The first film made in the Movietone sound system, it was a romance of the old southwest.
Burgess was rushed to a studio hospital where several stitches were taken in her wound.
Burgess strained ligaments in her back and shoulders during filming at Universal Pictures studio in July 1933.
She was involved in a romance with wealthy New York jeweler, Jules Galenzer, in 1934.
17-year-old Louise Manfredi died in the wreck, in San Francisco, on the night of December 23, 1932.
Burgess was sued by Italo Manfredi and his wife, Marie, in January 1933.
A compromise payment of $6,150 was approved by the San Francisco Superior Court in August 1933.
In May 1961, Dorothy Burgess was brought to the hospital from her home in Palm Springs, California.
But just months later, on August 21, 1961, she died at the Riverside County General Hospital in Riverside, California.

An accomplished rider and a fit athlete, Coburn also occasionally worked as a stunt performer in westerns.
After the advent of sound, she was sometimes engaged as a stand-in for Ginger Rogers at RKO.
After leaving the movie business in 1936, she found employment as a receptionist for an insurance company.
Her career ended in 1951, when she was caught up in the Hollywood blacklist.
The arrest is believed by many to have been part of a revenge scheme by police offended by her mocking the H.U.A.C.
Beginning in 1910, Dalton was a player in stock companies in Chicago, Terre Haute, Indiana and Holyoke, Massachusetts.
This production came before she left Triangle Film Corporation and was signed to Thomas Harper Ince Studios.
While Ince meant to cast her in mature roles, she wanted to play ingénues and claimed she couldn't play women.
Dorothy Dalton died in 1972, age 78, at her home in Scarsdale, New York.
She first began her singing and acting career in several of Ziegfeld's shows and then appeared in Vitaphone shorts.
Davenport was a horsewoman of distinction, and did many of her own stunts in films.
When Wallace left Universal, Dorothy also left films, only to return in 1916 to appear in a small number of movies.
Reid's health slowly grew worse over the next few years, and he died of the addiction in 1923.
Her death in an auto accident at age 19 ended what appeared to be a promising Hollywood career.
She was born into a socially prominent family, and her mother was a descendant of Jefferson Davis.
Initially desiring to become a singer, she was discovered by composer Wesley Lord, and soon signed a radio contract.
That same year she attended the International Pageant of Pulchritude in Galveston, Texas, and won.
After working on the vaudeville circuit for 32 weeks, she moved to New York in 1931.
She moved to Hollywood in December 1933 and was signed to a contract by Paramount Pictures.
The film was a success and the reviews for Dell were favorable; Paramount began to consider her as a potential star.
After the meeting, they went to an all-night party at an inn in Altadena, California.
Wagner, who was driving between 50 and 70 miles an hour, died six hours later in a hospital.
A week before her death, Carson left for work in London and proposed over the telephone.
When Carson found out about her death, he decided not to return to Broadway, and he remained in London.
In 1931, while at the Follies, she was invited to board a yacht for a party of Harry Richman.
She declined, and the girl who took her place died in an explosion on board.
A few weeks later she was critically injured following a car accident and hospitalized for two months.
Furthermore, she fell ill with influenza shortly afterwards and broke a leg during a Follies performance.
Seizing the opportunity, the cameraman quickly lined up the camera and shot the scene. 
 Dorothy Devore Dorothy Devore was an American silent film actor and comedian in her time.
Dorothy became very popular in the film industry during the period of 1918 until the late 1920s.
She made several successful films which established her as one of the screen's most talented comedians of the era.
Devore died in 1976 in Woodland Hills, California, aged 77, from undisclosed causes. 
 Dorothy Dunbar Dorothy Dunbar Lawson was an American actress and socialite, who appeared in silent movies in the 1920s.
When Dunbar was preparing to divorce Tommy Wells, she received a cable from him to come to Paris, where he was dying.
In 1936, she completed a book of poetry, but had not found enough nerve to send it to a publisher.
After marrying Lawson, her seventh husband, Dunbar went by the name Dorothy Wells Lawson.

She was born Dorothy Fay Southworth in Prescott, Arizona, the daughter of Harry T. Southworth and Harriet Fay Fox.
She began her motion picture career in the late 1930s, performing in several B grade westerns.
Fay married singer/actor Tex Ritter on June 14, 1941; the marriage ended at his death January 2, 1974.
Fay made several more movies after she and Ritter married, but then retired from show business in late 1941.
In 1965, she and Ritter moved to Nashville, because of his singing and recording career.
She moved to the Motion Picture & Television Country House and Hospital in Woodland Hills, California, in 1989.
She is interred with her parents at Mountain View Cemetery in her hometown of Prescott, Arizona.
 Dorothy Gish Dorothy Elizabeth Gish was an American actress of the screen and stage, as well as a director and writer.
Dorothy also had a great success on the stage, and was inducted into the American Theatre Hall of Fame.
Dorothy Gish was noted as a fine comedienne, and much of her films were comedies.
When they were old enough, Dorothy and Lillian were brought into their mother's act, and they also modeled.
Dorothy would go on to star in over 100 short films and features, many of them with Lillian.
They were directed by young Griffith protégés such as Donald Crisp, James Kirkwood, and Christy Cabanne.
She specialised in pantomime and light comedy, while her sister appeared in tragic roles.
Pickford did not make the film version, but the Gish sisters took the two road companies on extensive tours.
Television in the 1950s offered many actors the opportunity to appear in plays broadcast live.
The play had been a film in 1945 with her sister, Lillian, made for Paramount Pictures Corporation.
“The truth is, that she did not know what she really wanted to do,” wrote her sister, Lillian, in her autobiography.
“She had always had trouble making decisions and assuming responsibilities, In some ways she had never grown up.
First Mother and I spoiled her and later Reba, her friend, and her husband Jim.
They were married in 1920 in a double ceremony with actress Constance Talmadge and businessman John Piagoglou.
 Dorothy Gould Dorothy Gould was a vaudeville and motion picture actress from New York City.
The comedy dealt with life in Paris, France, particularly the events in the life of an American girl who was there.
From 1930, it is a production of the Chesterfield Motion Pictures Corporation starring Alice Day. 
She was also the stepmother of film maker and former record producer Anthony J. Hilder.
Her budding figure and confident stage presence were perfect for studios that made comedy shorts.
Granger’s natural comedy timing got her the job immediately and she was placed under contract to Hal Roach Studios.
Granger is best remembered as the sarcastic, suspicious wife in Leon Errol’s series of two-reelers for RKO.
She was an honored guest at the celebration because she was one of SAG’s first members.
Her costars were often Rex Lease, Tim McCoy, Jack Hoxie, and Bill Elliott.
She died in Valley Centre, California on May 23, 1997, aged 88. 
Hale was born Dorothy Donovan, the daughter of a real estate agent, in Pittsburgh.
In 1919, after attending a convent and a drama school, Hale left home to pursue a career.
Her family hired detectives to find her, but she eventually returned when her funds ran out.
With the assistance of friends, she eventually landed a job in the chorus of a Broadway production of 'Lady, Be Good'.
Hale's stage work was limited to several seasons in stock companies and some work as a dancer and Ziegfeld girl.
Though the three friends enjoyed the experience tremendously, the play was panned and it died quietly.
Pinchot would go on to take her life by carbon monoxide poisoning in January 1938.
When her husband's car went over a Santa Maria cliff in December 1931, she was left in severe financial difficulties.
Noguchi had begun a portrait sculpture of Hale, but it was never finished and its present location is unknown.
Hale became despondent over her stalled career, constant debt, and unhappy love life.
At 5:15 am on October 21, 1938, Hale threw herself out of the window of her apartment.
I remember very well she said, 'Well that's the end of the vodka.
I wouldn't have thought of it much, except afterward I realized that that's what she was talking about.
She didn't want to be second to anybody, and she must have thought she was slipping.
It depicts Hale standing on the balcony, falling to her death while also lying on the bloody pavement below.
She donated it anonymously to the Phoenix Art Museum, where it was eventually outed as a Luce donation.
The museum retains ownership, although the painting is frequently on tour in exhibitions of Kahlo's works.
The play explores the life and death of Hale through the creative process of Frida Kahlo.
 Dorothy Hart Dorothy Hart was an American screen actress, known mostly for her supporting roles.
Born in Cleveland, Ohio, she became a model in her late-teens, and was signed by Columbia in 1946.
Although considered one of the top supporting actresses of her day, she was frequently cast in B movies.
Dorothy was attractive, standing 5 ft 6 in, with green eyes and auburn hair.
After gaining some experience at the Cleveland Play House she resolved on a singing career.
Barbara Britton played the female lead in the adventure drama with Hart heading up the supporting cast.
Pickford stated in an interview that she hoped to take an unknown girl and make her into a great star.
Hart refused the role because she did not want to sign away seven years of her career for a single movie opportunity.
Hart died of Alzheimer's Disease on July 11, 2004, in Asheville, North Carolina, at age 82.
Hart was survived by their son, Douglas Hart Pittera, a financial officer for the Union Bank of Switzerland.
It is not known whether she ever relinquished her American citizenship and/or became a British subject. 
Her beauty was noticed at once and she was asked to make a screen test.
This film, released by United Artists, now only exists as a single nitrate print at the British Film Institute.
The vice president of the Music Corporation of America, W. H. Stein, was best man.
Janis and King were married for 53 years, until King's death in 1985.
She lived in Paradise Valley, Arizona from 2004 up until her death on March 10, 2010 at the age of 98.
She was survived by her son, Wayne; her daughter, Penny Pape; 6 grandchildren and 11 great-grandchildren.
She was laid to rest in the All Saints Episcopal Church Cemetery in Phoenix, Arizona. 
Born in Clarksville, Tennessee, Jordan studied at Southwestern University and the American Academy of Dramatic Arts.
Cooper was a good friend and frequent collaborator with Western director John Ford, forming Argosy Productions in 1947.
Jordan and Cooper lived in Coronado, California and remained married until his death of cancer on April 21, 1973.
Jordan died of congestive heart failure on December 7, 1988 in Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, California.
Her body was cremated and her ashes are interred at the Chapel of the Pines Crematory in Los Angeles. 
 Dorothy Kelly Dorothy Kelly was an American motion picture actress of the early silent film era.
Dorothy Kelly was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to Bessie and Thomas Kelly, descendants of Irish Quakers.
In 1922 she gave birth to twin daughters, Ann and Bessie, who later became a portrait painter.
Looking for more lucrative work, Dorothy set her sights on becoming a motion picture actress.
Like many stars of early film, Dorothy's career dwindled with the popularity of two-reelers.
She would leave film altogether after the filming of Vitagraph serial The Secret Kingdom in 1917. 
By that time, Lamour's screen career began to wane and she focused on stage and television work.
Lamour made a brief appearance and sang a song near the end of that film.
Lamour used the prize money to support herself while she worked in a stock theatre company.
She and her mother later moved to Chicago where Lamour found a job working at Marshall Field's department store.
Kay hired her as a singer for his orchestra and, in 1935, Lamour went on tour with Kay.
That same year, she did a screen test for Paramount Pictures and signed a contract with them.
She also volunteered at the Hollywood Canteen where she would dance and talk to soldiers.
In 1965, Lamour was awarded a belated citation from the United States Department of the Treasury for her war bond sales.
Her other leading men included William Holden, Ray Milland, James Stewart, Jack Benny, and Fred MacMurray.
Lamour starred in a number of movie musicals and sang in many of her comedies and dramatic films as well.
Afterwards, she began a new life as a nightclub entertainer and a stage actress.
The wooden, Native American statue in front of their general store comes to life to avenge their death.
Lamour's first marriage was to orchestra leader Herbie Kay whose orchestra Lamour sang with.
Early in her career, Lamour met J. Edgar Hoover, director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
In the 1960s and 1970s, Lamour and Howard lived in the Baltimore suburb of Sudbrook Park.
Lamour died at her home in North Hollywood on September 22, 1996, at the age of 81.
For her contribution to the radio and motion picture industry, Lamour has two stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
The story was written for a young teenage audience and is reminiscent of the adventures of Nancy Drew.
Dorothy Layton died on June 4, 2009, at a retirement home in Towson, Maryland, aged 96. 
Lyman was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota to Violet E. and Hector H. Lyman, who was a stockbroker.
She and Jill Larson who succeeded her in the role of Opal on All My Children, went to the same high school.
Born in Kingston upon Hull, Mackaill lived with her father after her parents separated when she was eleven.
As a teenager, Mackaill ran away to London to pursue a stage career as an actress.
Other notable recipients of the award that year were Clara Bow, Julanne Johnston and Lucille Ricksen.
She made several films for MGM, Paramount and Columbia before retiring in 1937 to care for her aging mother.
In 1955, Mackaill moved to Honolulu where she remained for the rest of her life.
Her first marriage was to German film director Lothar Mendes, whom she married on November 17, 1926.
Mackaill died of kidney failure in Honolulu, Hawaii on August 12, 1990, aged 87.
Her film career began in 1943, and in her early years she played small roles, mainly in B-movies.
In 1968, she was written out of the show after complaining that she was given little to do.
Malone sued 20th Century-Fox for $1.6 million for breach of contract; it was settled out of court.
Born in Omaha, Nebraska, McGuire was the only child of Thomas Johnson McGuire and Isabelle Flaherty McGuire.
After her father's death, McGuire attended a convent school in Indianapolis, Indiana.
McGuire died of cardiac arrest in 2001 following a brief illness at the age of 83.
Because of this she filled-in for a dancer and soon got a job in the Ziegfeld Follies.
She died in 1995 at the age of 87, following a series of strokes. 
Morris was born Dorothy Ruth Morris and raised in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of a Methodist minister.
She was the younger sister of Caren Marsh Doll, who later became a dancer and stand-in for Judy Garland.
Appearing in bit parts in several of the studio's more successful films, Morris was signed to an MGM contract in 1942.
Morris resided in Palm Springs, California until her death on November 20, 2011 at the age of 89. 
On July 3, 1925 at age , she married Waldo Shipton of Detroit, Michigan, a doctor whom she had met in college.
With that, her radio career as a singer began, and her stage name was created.
That movie also was not successful, and Page was not given any singing parts in the film.
Unfortunately the movie-going public did not accept a woman in the lead role of a western.
It would be the last film by Grand National Pictures, and shortly thereafter they went out of business.
She married Los Angeles attorney Frederick D. Leuschner, and they resided at his ranch in Tarzana, California.
He died on December 6, 1941, at the age of 36 from heart failure.
Page began working in realty, buying old Hollywood houses, remodeling them and selling them at a profit.
She then married Henry Clark McCormick of Fresno, California, and the two lived at his ranch in Fresno.
During the 1950s she was diagnosed with cancer, and began a long and painful battle against it.
Page moved to LaBelle, Florida to be closer to Fort Myers, where she was receiving cancer treatment.
She died there from cancer on March 26, 1961, at the age of 57. 
Peterson remained active on the New York TV and theatrical scene until the early '60s.
She appeared in 83 films, and made several television appearances between 1930 and 1964.
Born Dorothy Gwendolyn Strible in Baltimore, Phillips began her career as a stage actress.
She made her film debut in 1911, and appeared in over 150 films during her career.
Phillips' career slowed after 1927, and she mainly appeared in uncredited bit roles for the rest of her career.
Phillips, herself, would also die of pneumonia in the year 1980, at the age of 90.
 Dorothy Provine Dorothy Michelle Provine was an American singer, dancer, actress, and comedienne.
Provine was born in Deadwood in southwestern South Dakota, to William and Irene Provine.
She attended the University of Washington at Seattle, Washington, where she majored in drama.
Charles Aidman was cast in this episode as Arthur Sibley; Don C. Harvey, as Sheriff Clinter.
The couple moved to Bainbridge Island, Washington, about 1990, where they resided with their son.
She was educated in the public schools of Oakland before going to New York City to study classical dancing.
Later she went to Paris, France, to study and was discovered by a talent agent while working in a cabaret.
Their 11 children ended up to be founding performing members of the San Francisco Symphony, Opera and Tivoli Opera.
A shower of sparks from a short-circuited light fell upon her hair and shoulders at the United Studios.
Electricians shut off the power to a light which hung from the Fly system above the scene.
It was feared that if she continued working, she would be forced out of movies completely.
First National management agreed to hold the starting date of her contract temporarily, until she regained her health.
She was taken by her husband, Francis Corby to a sanatorium in California to recuperate.
Her family frowned on both ambitions, however, so she fled to New York at the age of 15.
Sebastian's first contact in Hollywood was Robert Kane, who gave her a film test at United Studios.
By the mid-1930s, Sebastian was semi-retired from acting after marrying Hopalong Cassidy star William Boyd.
Mullican recorded this in 1950 and 1958 and it has since become a bluegrass standard.
In 1947, Sebastian married Miami Beach businessman Harold Shapiro to whom she remained married until her death.
On November 7, 1938, Sebastian was found guilty of drunk driving in a Beverly Hills, California Justice Court.
The night she was arrested, she had been dining at the home of Buster Keaton with her nephew.
She was given a 30-day suspended jail sentence and paid a fine of $75.
In 1940, Sebastian was denied an award of $10,000 from a San Diego court.
She appeared at a Red Cross benefit in San Francisco in 1937, and failed to pay her hotel bill.
Born in Dickinson, North Dakota, Stickney attended the North Western Dramatic School in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
She appeared in a wide range of character roles in at least 49 films between 1927 and 1951.
Emphasizing good diction and clarity, and the subtleties of intonation, she published four books on the subject.
She was born in Brooklyn, New York, the eldest of three daughters of Herman Triebitz and Bertha Hert .
He was the proprietor of a shoe store in Brooklyn, and later sold shoes wholesale.
Taking the stage name Dorothy Tree, she began her acting career on the stage in 1926.
Her last role on the theater screen was as Marie Elsner in Columbia's crime screenwriter Bernard C. Schoenfeld.
Dorothy Tree Uris died at age 85 of heart failure at the Actors Fund of America Nursing Home in Englewood, New Jersey. 
She was a devout Methodist, active in the church Sunday School at Christ United Methodist Church.
She supported animal rights, the Republican Party, and civil rights for the elderly.
In spite of her relatively few TV appearances, she took pride in receiving fan letters, which she kept for many years.

 Dorothy Walters Dorothy Walters was an actress of the Broadway stage and Hollywood silent motion pictures.
She was born in Houston, Texas and began her stage career as a whistler.
As an actress she supported such famous luminaries as Ethel Barrymore, Helen Hayes, and Minnie Maddern Fiske.
Dorothy Walters died in 1934 at her residence, 236 West Seventieth Street, New York, New York.
Her funeral was conducted by Crowley's Funeral Parlor, 597 Lexington Avenue, New York.
Wellman was the widow of film director William Wellman, to whom she was married from 1934 until his death in 1975.
Her career as a dancer began at the age of 14 with Warner Brothers Studios.
This was the only role she played in which she was credited or had a character with a name.

Dorris Estelle Bowdon was born on December 27, 1914 in Coldwater, Mississippi, one of seven children.
They resided in a mansion located at 625 Mountain drive in Beverly Hills, California.
It was designed by architect Paul R. Williams and built from 1937 to 1938 by O' Neal and Son.
She died in Los Angeles at the age of ninety of a stroke and heart failure.

She attended California State University, Fresno, where she set records for shot put.
While Jones attended Hilmar High School, she was a champion weight lifter and named female athlete of the year.
She earned a scholarship in track which paid her way through junior college and university.
Jones qualified for the U.S. Olympic Trials in 1988 for shot put with a throw, surpassing the qualifying mark of .
During her sporting career, she suffered 11 knee injuries, bringing her height of down to .
She guest starred in seasons two, three, four, and five, and was a main cast member for the sixth and the final season.
The two first met in December 2010 and Jones proposed on October 4, 2013, during Anaheim Gay Days. 
On many occasions, she had hidden a tape recorder under a bed while making love to the president.
Some believed Marcos declared martial law early to silence the opposition, which was still using the Beams tape in 1972.
Others said the former first lady started building her domain after her husband’s relationship with Beams.
The gown was the first evening dress designed for Christian Dior by his new assistant, Yves Saint-Laurent.
Dovima gave birth to a daughter named Allison on July 14, 1958, in Manhattan.
She died of liver cancer on May 3, 1990 at the age of 62. 
De Matteo, an Italian American, was born Andrea Donna de Matteo in Whitestone, Queens, New York.
Her mother, Donna, is a playwright and playwriting teacher, and her father, Albert A.
De Matteo, is a furniture manufacturer who was owner and CEO of Avery Boardman and Carlyle.
In 1997, de Matteo opened Filth Mart, an East Village clothing store with her then-boyfriend Michael Sportes.
This was the first film of writer/director Rob Margolies; it was purchased by Kanbar Entertainment in 2008.
Part one of the miniseries premiered on May 23, 2010, while part two premiered on May 24.
The pilot debuted on January 15, 2015, but never made it to series. 
De Niro enjoyed a bohemian upbringing that saw her divide her time between New York City, Los Angeles, and Italy.
This transient lifestyle is said to have been a driving factor in her embrace of the arts.
Post schooling, she began her career in the entertainment industry working as a model.
Further driven by her interest in fashion and music she became a DJ and Fashion Consultant.
More recently De Niro's endeavors have led her back to Italy, where she worked on her latest film.
 Drew Barrymore Drew Blythe Barrymore is an American actress, author, director, modeler and producer.
She is one of four children with a half-brother, John, who is also an actor, and two half-sisters, Blyth and Jessica.
Barrymore's career began when she was auditioned for a dog food commercial when she was 11 months old.
The following year, following a successful juvenile court petition for emancipation, she moved into her own apartment.
In her late teens, her rebelliousness played itself out on screen and in print.
In 1995, Barrymore formed Flower Films, a production company, with business partner Nancy Juvonen.
On February 3, 2004, she received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Barrymore's films compiled a worldwide box office gross that stood at over US$2.3 billion.
She hosted again on October 10, 2009, becoming the first female to host six times.
In February 2015, she remained one of the faces of CoverGirl, alongside Queen Latifah and Taylor Swift.
Also in 2007, she was named the new face for the Gucci jewelry line.
Being with a woman is like exploring your own body, but through someone else.
Barrymore is the godmother of Kurt Cobain and Courtney Love's daughter, Frances Bean Cobain.
Barrymore has spoken of how she has grown much more stylistically conservative, since the birth of her children.
Barrymore was engaged to and lived with musician and actor Jamie Walters from 1992 to 1993.
In 2002, Barrymore began dating The Strokes' drummer Fabrizio Moretti, soon after they met at a concert.
She then began dating actor Justin Long, but they confirmed they broke up in July 2008.
In early 2011, Barrymore began dating art consultant Will Kopelman, the son of former Chanel CEO Arie Kopelman.
The couple announced their engagement in January 2012, and married on June 2, 2012 in Montecito, California.
During her teenage years, she competed with the Mexican National Hurdling Team, ranking within the top ten.
Dublin is in the province of Leinster on Ireland's east coast, at the mouth of the River Liffey.
The population of the Greater Dublin Area, however, as of Census 2011 was 1,801,040 persons.
Founded as a Viking settlement, the Kingdom of Dublin became Ireland's principal city following the Norman invasion.
Following the partition of Ireland in 1922, Dublin became the capital of the Irish Free State, later renamed Ireland.
It is a historical and contemporary centre for education, the arts, administration, economy and industry.
Beginning in the 9th and 10th century, there were two settlements where the modern city stands.
The Dubhlinn was a small lake used to moor ships; the Poddle connected the lake with the Liffey.
The Dubhlinn lay where the Castle Garden is now located, opposite the Chester Beatty Library in Dublin Castle.
The King of Leinster, Diarmait Mac Murchada, enlisted the help of Strongbow, the Earl of Pembroke, to conquer Dublin.
Following Mac Murrough's death, Strongbow declared himself King of Leinster after gaining control of the city.
This continued down to 1840 when the barony of Dublin City was separated from the barony of Dublin.
Dublin prospered as a trade centre, despite an attempt by King Robert I of Scotland to capture the city in 1317.
The city had a population of 21,000 in 1640 before a plague in 1649–51 wiped out almost half of the city's inhabitants.
In 1759, the founding of the Guinness brewery resulted in a considerable economic gain for the city.
For much of the time since its foundation, the brewery was Dublin's largest employer.
However, the Provisional IRA drew a lot of support from the Republic, specifically Dublin.
From 1842, the boundaries of the city were comprehended by the baronies of Dublin City and the Barony of Dublin.
Later, in 1953, the boundaries were again extended by the Local Government Provisional Order Confirmation Act.
Dublin City Council is a unicameral assembly of 63 members elected every five years from Local Election Areas.
It is presided over by the Lord Mayor, who is elected for a yearly term and resides in Mansion House.
As the capital city, Dublin seats the national parliament of Ireland, the Oireachtas.
It is composed of the President of Ireland, Seanad Éireann as the upper house, and Dáil Éireann as the lower house.
It has been the home of the Irish parliament since the creation of the Irish Free State in 1922.
The old Irish Houses of Parliament of the Kingdom of Ireland are located in College Green.
It was designed by Thomas Manley Dean and Sir Aston Webb as the Royal College of Science.
It is bordered by a low mountain range to the south and surrounded by flat farmland to the north and west.
The Northside was generally seen as working class, while the Southside was seen as middle to upper-middle class.
The main precipitation in winter is rain; however snow showers do occur between November and March.
However, in winter, easterly winds render the city colder and more prone to snow showers.
It is a conical spire made of stainless steel and is located on O'Connell Street.
It replaces Nelson's Pillar and is intended to mark Dublin's place in the 21st century.
During the day it maintains its steel look, but at dusk the monument appears to merge into the sky.
The base of the monument is lit and the top is illuminated to provide a beacon in the night sky across the city.
Many people visit Trinity College, Dublin to see the Book of Kells in the library there.
The Poolbeg Towers are also iconic features of Dublin and are visible in many spots around the city.
The city council provides of public green space per 1,000 people and 255 playing fields.
There are many park areas around the city, including the Phoenix Park, Herbert Park and St Stephen's Green.
The Phoenix Park is about west of the city centre, north of the River Liffey.
Its perimeter wall encloses , making it one of the largest walled city parks in Europe.
The residence of the President of Ireland , which was built in 1751, is located in the park.
The park is also home to Dublin Zoo, the official residence of the United States Ambassador, and Ashtown Castle.
The two best known cinemas in the city centre are the Savoy Cinema and the Cineworld Cinema, both north of the Liffey.
The city centre is also the location of large department stores, most notably Arnotts, Brown Thomas and Clerys .
Amongst several historic locations, Moore Street remains one of the city's oldest trading districts.
There has also been a significant growth in local farmers' markets and other markets.
TV3 Media, UTV Ireland, Setanta Sports, MTV Ireland and Sky News are also based in the city.
The Dublin GAA team plays most of their home league hurling games at Parnell Park.
This was the venue for home games of both the Irish Rugby Union Team and the Republic of Ireland national football team.
The Women's Mini Marathon has been run since 1983 on the first Monday in June, which is also a bank holiday in Ireland.
It is said to be the largest all female event of its kind in the world.
The Dublin Horse Show takes place at the RDS, which hosted the Show Jumping World Championships in 1982.
The national boxing arena is located in The National Stadium on the South Circular Road.
There are 10,469 students in the Dublin region attending the 31 gaelscoileanna and 8 gaelcholáistí .
Many other radio stations in the city broadcast at least an hour of Irish language programming per week.
Conradh na Gaeilge offers language classes, has a book shop and is a regular meeting place for different groups.
The closest Gaeltacht to Dublin is the County Meath Gaeltacht of Ráth Cairn and Baile Ghib which is away.
Over the next three years Anderson appeared in another eight films, usually in secondary roles.
Her first husband, Charles Mathieu, was a United States Marine Corps Captain when she married him .
Four years later, her final screen work was an uncredited role in one of her husband's films. 
He won in a landslide, defeating Democratic candidate Adlai Stevenson and temporarily upending the New Deal Coalition.
Eisenhower's main goals in office were to keep pressure on the Soviet Union and reduce federal deficits.
In 1954, Eisenhower rejected the use of military force to help the French retain their colony of Vietnam.
He also condemned the Soviet invasion during the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 but took no action.
Near the end of his term, his efforts to set up a summit meeting with the Soviets collapsed because of the U-2 incident.
He also signed civil rights legislation in 1957 and 1960 to protect the right to vote.
He implemented desegregation of the armed forces in two years and made five appointments to the Supreme Court.
Eisenhower's two terms saw considerable economic prosperity except for a sharp recession in 1958–59.
Voted Gallup's most admired man twelve times, he achieved widespread popular esteem both in and out of office.
Accounts vary as to how and when the German name Eisenhauer was anglicized to Eisenhower.
She married David on September 23, 1885, in Lecompton, Kansas, on the campus of their alma mater, Lane University.
By 1898, the parents made a decent living and provided a suitable home for their large family.
Eisenhower was born on October 14, 1890, in Denison, Texas, the third of seven boys.
In 1892, the family moved to Abilene, Kansas, which Eisenhower considered his home town.
In 1955 American nuclear arms policy became one aimed primarily at arms control as opposed to disarmament.
With Dulles' recommendation, he authorized the deployment of thirty Lockheed U-2's at a cost of $35 million.
In July 1953, an armistice took effect with Korea divided along approximately the same boundary as in 1950.
The armistice and boundary remain in effect today, with American soldiers stationed there to guarantee it.
Eisenhower had the insight to realize that unlimited war in the nuclear age was unthinkable, and limited war unwinnable.
There were localized flare-ups when the Red Army began shelling the islands of Quemoy and Matsu in September 1954.
Eisenhower received recommendations embracing every variation of response to the aggression of the Chinese communists.
He thought it essential to have every possible option available to him as the crisis unfolded.
Nevertheless, he left the Chinese communists guessing as to the exact nature of his nuclear response.
Even before he was inaugurated Eisenhower accepted a request from the British government to restore the Shah to power.
This resulted in an increased strategic control over Iranian oil by U.S. and British companies.
Simultaneously he condemned the brutal Soviet invasion of Hungary in response to the Hungarian Revolution of 1956.
After a few months with no success by the French, he added other aircraft to drop napalm for clearing purposes.
In February 1955, Eisenhower dispatched the first American soldiers to Vietnam as military advisors to Diem's army.
In the years that followed, Eisenhower increased the number of U.S. military advisors in South Vietnam to 900 men.
In May 1957 Diem, then President of South Vietnam, made a state visit to the United States for ten days.
President Eisenhower pledged his continued support, and a parade was held in Diem's honor in New York City.
On May 1, 1960, a U.S. one-man U-2 spy plane was reportedly shot down at high altitude over Soviet Union airspace.
Captain Francis Gary Powers had bailed out of his aircraft and was captured after parachuting down onto Russian soil.
The Soviets put Captain Powers on trial and displayed parts of the U-2, which had been recovered almost fully intact.
Up until this event, Eisenhower felt he had been making progress towards better relations with the Soviet Union.
Further, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee held a lengthy inquiry into the U-2 incident.
On August 19, 1960, Powers was convicted of espionage and sentenced to imprisonment.
On February 10, 1962, Powers was exchanged for Rudolf Abel in Berlin and returned to the U.S. Civil rights.
He proposed to Congress the Civil Rights Act of 1957 and of 1960 and signed those acts into law.
The President succeeded in getting legislation creating a system of licensure for nuclear plants by the AEC.
In the next few years Warren led the Court in a series of liberal decisions that revolutionized the role of the Court.
Eisenhower began smoking cigarettes at West Point, often two or three packs a day.
To treat the intestinal block, surgeons bypassed about ten inches of his small intestine.
The last three years of Eisenhower's second term in office were ones of relatively good health.
Eventually after leaving the White House, he suffered several additional and ultimately crippling heart attacks.
The 22nd Amendment to the U.S. Constitution was ratified in 1951, and it set term limits to the presidency of two terms.
It stipulated that Harry S. Truman, the incumbent at the time, would not be affected by the amendment.
Under the act, Eisenhower was entitled to receive a lifetime pension, state-provided staff and a Secret Service detail.
He actively campaigned for Nixon in the final days, although he may have done Nixon some harm.
On January 17, 1961, Eisenhower gave his final televised Address to the Nation from the Oval Office.
In his farewell speech, Eisenhower raised the issue of the Cold War and role of the U.S. armed forces.
On March 30, his body was brought by caisson to the United States Capitol, where he lay in state in the Capitol Rotunda.
That evening, Eisenhower's body was placed onto a train en route to Abilene, Kansas.
The family used an $80 standard soldier's casket, and dressed Eisenhower's body in his famous short green jacket.
Eisenhower is buried alongside his son Doud, who died at age 3 in 1921.
He was widely seen by critics as an inactive, uninspiring president compared to his vigorous young successor.
Such omissions were held against him during the liberal climate of the 1960s and 1970s.
Recent surveys of historians since the 1980s often rank Eisenhower in the top 10 of all U.S. presidents.
He did, after all, end the Korean War without getting into any others.
Initially, Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter tried to operate without a chief of staff, but each eventually appointed one.
Eisenhower never forgot his own frustration at being stuck at the rank of major for 16 years between the two world wars.
The program includes a student ambassador component, which sends American youth on educational trips to other countries.
Prior to the end of his second term as President, 1,451 medals were turned-in to the Bureau of the Mint and destroyed.
The Eisenhower appreciation medals are part of the Presidential Medal of Appreciation Award Medal Series.
Financial problems forced the school to fall under the management of the Rochester Institute of Technology in 1979.
Eisenhower Hall, the cadet activities building at West Point, was completed in 1974.
Eisenhower was honored on a US one dollar coin, minted from 1971 to 1978.
The Eisenhower Medical Center in Rancho Mirage, California was named after the President in 1971.
The NATO Defense College in Rome has a statue of General Eisenhower as the founder of the College.
The Dwight D. Eisenhower Army Medical Center, located at Fort Gordon near Augusta, Georgia, was named in his honor.
On May 7, 2002, the Old Executive Office Building was officially renamed the Eisenhower Executive Office Building.
This building is part of the White House Complex, and is west of the West Wing.
It currently houses a number of executive offices, including ones for the Vice President and his or her spouse.
Eisenhower State Park on Lake Texoma near his birthplace of Denison is named in his honor.
His birthplace is currently operated by the State of Texas as the Eisenhower Birthplace State Historic Site.
Mount Eisenhower was named in the Presidential Range of the White Mountains in New Hampshire.
Eisenhower Park on Washington Square in Newport, Rhode Island, dedicated by President Eisenhower in 1960.
The 18th hole at Cherry Hills Country Club, near Denver, is named in his honor.
Eisenhower was a longtime member of the club, which operated one of his favorite courses.
The tree was removed in February 2014 after an ice storm caused it significant damage.
Ike's Pond was built and named, and the dam is located just where Eisenhower said it should be.
Note - Eisenhower relinquished his active duty status when he became president on January 20, 1953.
 Dyan Cannon Dyan Cannon is an American film and television actress, director, screenwriter, editor, and producer.
Her mother Claire was a housewife; Cannon's father, Ben, sold life insurance.
Cannon was raised in the Jewish faith of her mother, who had emigrated from Russia; Dyan's father was Baptist.
On July 22, 1965, she married actor Cary Grant, who was 33 years her senior.
She is an avid fan of the Los Angeles Lakers and has attended Lakers games for over thirty years.
 Dyanne Thorne Dyanne Thorne is an American actress, nude model for pin-up magazines, and former Las Vegas showgirl.
Contrary to some publications, Thorne did start, but she did not complete, her studies for a degree in anthropology.
Instead, during 10 years of simultaneous acting, she earned a Ph.D. in Comparative religion.
As of late June of 2014, both were ordained ministers, who owned an alternative wedding business in Las Vegas, Nevada.
She began acting in high school plays and studied drama at the University of New Mexico.
She has made over 50 television commercials, guest-starred on television and appeared in films.



She died at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, California in 1983, aged 53, from cancer.
She had been married to Groucho Marx from 1954 until their divorce in 1969, but had no children. 
Her father was of Italian descent and her mother's ancestry was Swedish and English.
Her uncle is novelist, playwright, and poet Edward Falco, an English professor at Virginia Tech in Blacksburg.
She attended the acting program at SUNY Purchase, along with fellow actors Stanley Tucci and Ving Rhames.
Falco is the second actor to have won Emmys for lead acting in both a Drama and a Comedy series .
The limited engagement, directed by Leigh Silverman, began previews on February 5 with an official opening February 26.
Along with Falco, the play starred John Ellison, Christopher Evan Welch , Phoebe Strole and Frances Sternhagen.
During the 2004 U.S. presidential election, Falco appeared in a 30-second television commercial on behalf of M.O.B.
Edie Falco has become the spokesperson for Health Care for America Now and appeared on CNN on June 25, 2009.
They spend a lot more time without me than with me, by my own choice.
I'm always invited, and I'm always there for two minutes and I leave, because I can't live in that world anymore.
Falco adopted a son, Anderson, in 2005 and a daughter, Macy, in 2008.
She has performed in nearly 90 films and 55 television episodes, often portraying characters with a cheery accent.
McClurg attended the University of Missouri–Kansas City in the mid-1960s, where she also taught radio for 8 years.
Continuing her passion of performing improv comedy, McClurg is a player with Spolin Players.
Theodore married Pamela Dwight of the New England Dwight family who was the daughter of Abigail Dwight.
Despite Sedgwick's family's wealth and high social status, her early life was troubled.
This resulted in severe restraints upon her freedom among her family imposed by her father when she returned home.
Sedgwick also had a very difficult relationship with her father, who openly carried on affairs with other women.
On one occasion, she walked in on him while he was having sex with one of his mistresses.
She was eventually taken out of the school due to her eating disorder which by now had alternated towards anorexia.
As the regime was very lax, Sedgwick easily manipulated the situation at Silver Hill and her weight kept dropping.
It was ruled an accident but Edie told friends that she considered this a suicide as well.
Mainstream media outlets began reporting on her appearances in Warhol's films and her unusual fashion sense.
The film featured Sedgwick, along with Ricard, satirically pretending to be Andy Warhol.
Dylan and his friends eventually convinced Sedgwick to sign up with Albert Grossman, Dylan's manager.
She was also under the impression that she and Dylan would star in a mainstream film together.
Unbeknownst to Sedgwick, Dylan had secretly married his girlfriend Sara Lownds in November 1965.
Jonathan Sedgwick claimed that Edie had the abortion soon after she was injured in a motorcycle accident.
In early 1967, unable to cope with Sedgwick's drug abuse and erratic behavior, Neuwirth broke off their relationship.
After breaking with Andy Warhol and The Factory scene, Sedgwick attempted to forge a legitimate acting career.
During this period she accidentally set her room on fire in the Chelsea Hotel, and was briefly hospitalized with burns.
While in the hospital, Sedgwick met another patient, Michael Brett Post, whom she would marry in July 1971.
Under Post's influence, she reportedly stopped abusing alcohol and other drugs for a short time.
Her sobriety lasted until October 1971, when she was prescribed pain medication to treat a physical illness.
Before they both fell asleep, Post gave Sedgwick the medication that had been prescribed for her.
Sedgwick's alcohol level was registered at 0.17% and her barbiturate level was 0.48 mg%.
Sedgwick was not buried in the Sedgwick Pie but in the small Oak Hill Cemetery in Ballard, California.
 Edinburgh Edinburgh is the capital city of Scotland, located in Lothian on the southern shore of the Firth of Forth.
It is the second most populous city in Scotland and the seventh most populous in the United Kingdom.
Edinburgh lies at the heart of a Functional Urban Area with a population in 2011 of 834,648.
In the 17th century, the boundaries of Edinburgh were still defined by the city's defensive town walls.
As a result, expansion took the form of the houses increasing in height to accommodate a growing population.
Buildings of 11 storeys or more were common, and have been described as forerunners of the modern-day skyscraper.
Most of these old structures were later replaced by the predominantly Victorian buildings seen in today's Old Town.
The Union was opposed by many Scots at the time, resulting in riots in the city.
Financial services now account for a third of all commercial office space in the city.
Situated in Scotland's Central Belt, Edinburgh lies on the southern shore of the Firth of Forth.
Glacial erosion on the north side of the crag gouged a deep valley later filled by the now drained Nor Loch.
Other prominent landforms such as Calton Hill and Corstorphine Hill are similarly products of glacial erosion.
The Water of Leith Walkway is a mixed use trail that follows the course of the river for from Balerno to Leith.
Similarly, outlying suburbs such as Juniper Green and Balerno are situated on green belt land.
The historic centre of Edinburgh is divided in two by the broad green swathe of Princes Street Gardens.
The street has several fine public buildings such as the church of St Giles, the City Chambers and the Law Courts.
The castle perches on top of a rocky crag and the Royal Mile runs down the crest of a ridge from it.
The plan was a rigid, ordered grid, which fitted in well with Enlightenment ideas of rationality.
To either side of it are two other main streets: Princes Street and Queen Street.
Princes Street has become the main shopping street in Edinburgh and now has few of its original Georgian buildings.
The three main streets are connected by a series of streets running perpendicular to them.
The east and west ends of George Street are terminated by St Andrew Square and Charlotte Square respectively.
The latter, designed by Robert Adam, influenced the architectural style of the New Town into the early 19th century.
Bute House, the official residence of the First Minister of Scotland, is on the north side of Charlotte Square.
Craig's original plan included an ornamental canal on the site of the loch, but this idea was abandoned.
The Southside is particularly popular with families , young professionals and students , and Napier University .
There are rowing and sailing clubs and a restored Victorian swimming pool, including Turkish baths.
The highest temperature ever recorded in the city was on 4 August 1975 at Turnhouse Airport.
The proximity of the city to the sea mitigates any large variations in temperature or extremes of climate.
Vigorous Atlantic depressions, known as European windstorms, can affect the city between October and May.
At the United Kingdom Census 2011, Edinburgh had a population of 476,626, showing a rise of 6.2% since 2001.
This makes Edinburgh the second largest city in Scotland after Glasgow and the seventh largest in Britain.
Edinburgh lies at the heart of a Functional Urban Area with a population of 834,648.
The proportion of people born outside the UK was 15.9% comparing with 8% in 2001.
39,500 people or 8.2% of Edinburgh's population class themselves as Non-White which is an increase from 4% in 2001.
Of the Non-White population, the largest group by far are Asian, totalling 26,264 people.
The city's Indian population amounts to 6,470 , while there are some 5,858 Pakistanis .
The Church of Scotland claims the largest membership of any single religious denomination in Edinburgh.
The Church of Scotland Offices are in Edinburgh, as is the Assembly Hall where the annual General Assembly is held.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of St Andrews and Edinburgh has 27 parishes across the city.
The Diocese of Edinburgh of the Scottish Episcopal Church has over 50 churches, half of them in the city.
Its centre is the late 19th century Gothic style St Mary's Cathedral in the West End's Palmerston Place.
Construction was largely financed by a gift from King Fahd of Saudi Arabia and was completed in 1998.
The first recorded presence of a Jewish community in Edinburgh dates back to the late 18th century.
Edinburgh's Orthodox synagogue, opened in 1932, is in Salisbury Road and can accommodate a congregation of 2000.
There are a Sikh gurdwara and a Hindu mandir, both in Leith, and a Brahma Kumaris centre in the Polwarth area.
There is a Sōtō Zen Priory in Portobello and a Theravadin Thai Buddhist Monastery in Slateford Road.
Edinburgh is home to an active Bahá'í Community, and a Theosophical Society meets in Great King Street.
According to the Centre for International Competitiveness, it is the most competitive large city in the United Kingdom.
It also has the highest gross value added per employee of any city in the UK outside London, measuring £57,594 in 2010.
The city's coat of arms was registered by the Lord Lyon King of Arms in 1732.
For electoral purposes, the city is divided into six of the nine constituencies in the Lothians electoral region.
Edinburgh is also represented in the British House of Commons by five Members of Parliament.
The airport has since been sold, in June 2012, to Global Infrastructure Partners .
The possibility of building a second runway to cope with an increased number of aircraft movements has also been mooted.
In 2010, Lothian Buses recorded 109 million passenger journeys – a 1.9% rise on the previous year.
To the west of the city centre lies Haymarket Station which is an important commuter stop.
A referendum of Edinburgh residents in February 2005 rejected a proposal to introduce congestion charging in the city.
The city had been without a tram system since Edinburgh Corporation Tramways ceased on 16 November 1956.
It was originally planned to continue down Leith Walk to Ocean Terminal and where it would terminate at Newhaven.
There are four universities in Edinburgh with students making up around one-fifth of the population.
Originally centred on Old College the university expanded to premises on The Mound, the Royal Mile and George Square.
The former Napier College was renamed Napier Polytechnic in 1986 and gained university status in 1992.
Queen Margaret University was located in Edinburgh before it moved to a new campus near Musselburgh in 2008.
The Trustees Drawing Academy of Edinburgh, founded in 1760, became the Edinburgh College of Art in 1907.
There are 18 nursery, 94 primary and 23 secondary schools administered by the City of Edinburgh Council.
Edinburgh is home to The Royal High School, one of the oldest schools in the country and the world.
The Royal Hospital for Sick Children, popularly referred to as 'the Sick Kids', is a specialist paediatrics hospital.
There are two private hospitals: Murrayfield Hospital in the west of the city and Shawfield Hospital in the south.
Edinburgh has two professional football clubs: Heart of Midlothian, founded in 1874, and Hibernian, founded in 1875.
Hearts have won the Scottish Cup eight times and the Scottish League Cup four times.
Meadowbank Thistle played at Meadowbank Stadium until 1995, when the club moved to Livingston and became Livingston FC.
Rugby league is represented by the Edinburgh Eagles who play in the Rugby League Conference Scotland Division.
The Edinburgh Capitals are the latest of a succession of ice hockey clubs in the Scottish capital.
1992 saw the team repeat the achievement, becoming the first team to do so in league history.
The same year saw the start of their first youth team, the Blue Jays.
The city's most successful non-professional team are the Edinburgh Wolves who play at Meadowbank Stadium.
Edinburgh has a long literary tradition, which became especially evident during the Scottish Enlightenment.
Scotland has a rich history of science and engineering, with Edinburgh producing a number of famous names.
John Napier, inventor of logarithms, was born in Merchiston Tower and lived and died in the city.
His house now forms part the original campus of Napier University which was named in his honour.
The stuffed carcass of Dolly the sheep is now on display in the National Museum of Scotland.
Famous artists from the city include the portrait painters Sir Henry Raeburn, Sir David Wilkie and Allan Ramsay.
Edinburgh is the birthplace of former British Prime Minister Tony Blair who attended the city's Fettes College.
She was married to actor Kent Smith from 1962 until his death in 1985, a year before her own death from cancer in 1986.
Atwater's likeness was drawn in caricature by Alex Gard for Sardi's, the New York City theater district restaurant.

She studied under noted acting teacher, Stella Adler, and at the Actors Studio in New York City.
She was born in Tacoma, Washington, where her father was a Protestant church clergyman .
In the 1940s she was in supporting roles mostly as a maid, a busybody, landladies, or middle-aged secretaries.
A stage actress as well as film star, Evanson often appeared in productions which were staged in the Los Angeles area.
Evanson spent several months with the actress, and spoke to Monroe just days before the troubled actress' death.
 Edith Fellows Edith Marilyn Fellows was an American actress who became a child star in the 1930s.
Best known for playing orphans and street urchins, Fellows was an expressive actress with a good singing voice.
Edith Marilyn Fellows was born on May 20, 1923 in Boston, Massachusetts, the only child of Willis and Harriet Fellows.
At the age of two, she moved to Charlotte, North Carolina with her father and paternal grandmother, Elizabeth Fellows.
At the age of four, she was spotted by a talent scout who arranged a Hollywood screen test for fifty dollars.
She and her grandmother traveled to Hollywood by train to discover they had been swindled.
While her grandmother worked as a housecleaner, she stayed with a local family whose son worked as an extra in movies.
Without being asked, she began dancing and singing in front of the bemused director.
By 1935, she had made over twenty films and was ready for a breakthrough.
Her performance landed her a seven-year contract with Columbia Pictures and she became a star at the age of twelve.
In the coming months, a bitter custody battle took place, covered by newspapers nationwide in the summer of 1936.
The judge awarded custody of Edith to her grandmother and ordered her earnings placed in trust.
She was no longer a child, and demand for diminutive grown-up film actresses was negligible.
In 1946, Fellows married talent agent Freddie Fields, with whom she had a daughter, Kathy.
While performing in a charity show in New York in 1958, she became paralyzed with fear and could not go on stage.
Apart from two minor uncredited roles in films, Fellows did not act again until 1979.
In the late 1970s, Fellows met Rudy Venz, a playwright and director at a Los Angeles community theatre.
In her later years, Fellows lived in a courtyard apartment in Hollywood with her three cats.
She died of natural causes on June 26, 2011 at the Motion Picture Country Home at the age of 88.
 Edith Haldeman Edith Haldeman was an American child actress of the early silent film era.
She was born in Rochester, New York and died in Los Angeles, California. 
She grew up in Washington, D.C., as her father worked for the Adams Express Company.
Known for her vivacious and outgoing personality and style, Luckett began acting at the age of 15.
She acted on stage, most notably on Broadway but also with several regional stock companies.
She performed and became friends with such stars as Walter Huston, George M. Cohan and Spencer Tracy.
Other friends in the business included Zasu Pitts, Louis Calhern, David Belasco and Alla Nazimova.
The couple had one daughter, christened Anne Frances Robbins, but known as Nancy.
While on a voyage to England in 1929, Luckett met Loyal Davis, a pioneering Chicago neurosurgeon.
The two were married on May 21, 1929, and moved to Chicago with Nancy.
Davis adopted Nancy when she was 14, legally changing her name to Nancy Davis.
Dr. Davis had one son, Richard, from a previous marriage, who came to live with the family.
In 1983, she was awarded the Arizona Lifetime Achievement Award, in recognition of her service to the mentally retarded.
Upon his death, Edith moved from her home to a smaller apartment in Phoenix.
She herself died on October 27, 1987, aged 99, from a stroke.
 Edith Reeves Edith Reeves was an American silent film actress who also appeared on Broadway in the early 20th century.
The play was staged at the Fulton Theatre , 210 West 46th Street, in New York City.
William Collier was the star player in this comedy in three acts staged under the management of Lew Fields.
Reeves was with a company headed by William Lampe at the Empress Theatre in Los Angeles, California, in August 1914.
Percy Standing, Barney Randall, Stephen Carr, and Walter McGrall play contributing roles.
 Edna Flugrath Edna Flugrath was the eldest of three sisters who found fame as silent film stars.
Her husband died there 20 years later, a bit over a month past his 74th birthday.
Edna began working on stage at a very early age appearing in vaudeville shows, legitimate theater and ballet.
On January 30, 1926, while driving in Los Angeles, Harold Marvin Shaw was killed instantly in a head-on collision.
Sometime around 1930 Edna next married Halliburton Houghton, a broker from Dallas, Texas.
Edna Flugrath died in San Diego in 1966, some seven years after her husband’s passing.
 Edna Hibbard Edna Louise Hibbard was a stage and motion picture actress from Detroit, Michigan.
Hibbard trained with the Poli Stock Company in Hartford, Connecticut, and Washington, D.C.
The play was staged at the Rialto Theater in New York City with the ingenue role being the primary part in the cast.
She graduated from drama school in New York before being sent to train under the Selwyns.
The New York Times described Hibbard as a combination of Madge Kennedy and Marguerite Clark in appearance.
On October 9, 1918, Edna gave birth to a son, David, who was given up for adoption.
She died in 1942 at Mother Cabrini Hospital, 611 Edgecombe Avenue, New York City, at the age of 47. 
 Edna Mae Harris Edna Mae Harris , was an American actress, born in Harlem.



She was briefly considered for a different conception of the role of Glinda, which eventually went to Billie Burke.
She was born in New York, New York and died in Santa Monica, California. 
Olga Edna Purviance was born in Paradise Valley, Nevada, to Louis and Madison Gates Purviance.
When she was three, the family moved to Lovelock, Nevada, where they assumed ownership of a hotel.
Her parents divorced in 1902, and her mother later married Robert Nurnberger, a German plumber.
One of his associates noticed Purviance at a Tate's Café in San Francisco and thought she should be cast in the role.
On January 11, 1958, Purviance died from throat cancer at the Motion Picture Country Hospital in Hollywood.
Skinner retired from acting in 1964 and was later a noted authority on fly fishing.
She died of heart failure at her home in North Bend, Oregon on August 8, 2003, at the age of 82. 
MGM gave the production a fairly large budget, and sent cast and crew on location in East Africa.
In addition to coping with the heat and insects, Booth contracted malaria during shooting.
Production went on for several months , and the film wasn't released until 1931.
The case received a lot of attention in the tabloids and was eventually settled out of court.
In 2014 dollars that would be at least $600,000 Booth's acting career never recovered from the MGM debacle.
The films were successful within their limited market, but failed to propel Booth's movie career forward.
Booth withdrew completely from the public eye, although she continued to receive fan mail for the rest of her life.
Anthony Shuck, her first husband, had their marriage annulled soon after her return from Africa.
She married her second husband, Urial Leo Higham on November 21, 1951; he died in 1957.
There were many false rumors and reports of her demise until her actual death in 1991.
After winning several local pageants, Williams was signed as a contract player by 20th Century Fox.
After this, she was sporadically active in films during the 1980s and early 1990s.
 Edythe Chapman Edythe Chapman , was an American stage and silent film actress from Rochester, New York.
The play was a romantic drama of early Rome which was supported by a cast of approximately 100 people.
Miss Chapman came to Hollywood around 1909 with her husband, screen and stage actor, James Neill.
The couple met in Cincinnati, Ohio when Miss Chapman was working in Mr. Neill's stock company.
The two began making movies with Cecil B. Demille and other noteworthy directors and producers.
The large regions of the Sahara desert, which constitute most of Egypt's territory, are sparsely inhabited.
Later elections saw the rise of the Muslim Brotherhood, which was ousted by the army a year later amid mass protests.
The name is of Semitic origin, directly cognate with other Semitic words for Egypt such as the Hebrew .
The name is realised as ' and ' in the Coptic stage of the Egyptian language, and appeared in early Greek as .
In the 10th millennium BC, a culture of hunter-gatherers and fishers was replaced by a grain-grinding culture.
Climate changes or overgrazing around 8000 BC began to desiccate the pastoral lands of Egypt, forming the Sahara.
During the Neolithic era, several predynastic cultures developed independently in Upper and Lower Egypt.
The Badarian culture and the successor Naqada series are generally regarded as precursors to dynastic Egypt.
The earliest known Lower Egyptian site, Merimda, predates the Badarian by about seven hundred years.
The First Intermediate Period ushered in a time of political upheaval for about 150 years.
The Hyksos invaders took over much of Lower Egypt around 1650 BC and founded a new capital at Avaris.
It fell to the Persians again in 343 BC after the last native Pharaoh, King Nectanebo II, was defeated in battle.
To gain recognition by the native Egyptian populace, they named themselves as the successors to the Pharaohs.
After the Council of Chalcedon in AD 451, a distinct Egyptian Coptic Church was firmly established.
When they defeated the Byzantine Armies in Egypt, the Arabs brought Sunni Islam to the country.
When the news reached Muhammad, he immediately dispatched Zayd ibn Haritha with 500 men to punish them.
With the end of the Kurdish Ayyubid dynasty, the Mamluks, a Turco-Circassian military caste, took control about AD 1250.
By the late 13th century, Egypt linked the Red Sea, India, Malaya, and East Indies.
Hatib bin Abi Baltaeh to the king of Egypt called Muqawqis to invite him to Islam Beginning of the Egypt Eyalet.
Egypt was conquered by the Ottoman Turks in 1517, after which it became a province of the Ottoman Empire.
The weakening of the economic system combined with the effects of plague left Egypt vulnerable to foreign invasion.
Egypt remained semi-autonomous under the Mamluks until it was invaded by the French forces of Napoleon I in 1798 .
While he carried the title of viceroy of Egypt, his subordination to the Ottoman porte was merely nominal.
Muhammad Ali established a dynasty that was to rule Egypt until the revolution of 1952.
Education and training of the new soldiers was not an option; the new concepts were furthermore enforced by isolation.
The men were held in barracks to avoid distraction of their growth as a military unit to be reckoned with.
It was with the help of this newly reborn martial unit that Muhammad Ali imposed his rule over Egypt.
Muhammad Ali was succeeded briefly by his son Ibrahim , then by a grandson Abbas I , then by Said , and Isma'il .
The Suez Canal, built in partnership with the French, was completed in 1869.
In 1875 Ismail was forced to sell Egypt's share in the canal to the British Government.
In 1906, the Dinshaway Incident prompted many neutral Egyptians to join the nationalist movement.
The revolt led the UK government to issue a unilateral declaration of Egypt's independence on 22 February 1922.
The new government drafted and implemented a constitution in 1923 based on a parliamentary system.
The Free Officers Movement forced King Farouk to abdicate in support of his son Fuad.
Following the 1952 Revolution by the Free Officers Movement, the rule of Egypt passed to military hands.
British forces completed their withdrawal from the occupied Suez Canal Zone on 13 June 1956.
He nationalised the Suez Canal on 26 July 1956, prompting the 1956 Suez Crisis.
In 1958, Egypt and Syria formed a sovereign union known as the United Arab Republic.
The union was short-lived, ending in 1961 when Syria seceded, thus ending the union.
In mid May 1967, the Soviet Union issued warnings to Nasser of an impending Israeli attack on Syria.
Also, Egypt possesses the largest oil refinery capacity in Africa 726,000 bbl 3G service, while LTE is under trials.
Established in 1865, it is one of the oldest governmental institutions in the country.
Demand soon outstripped the level of available state resources, causing the quality of public education to deteriorate.
After grade 9, students are tracked into one of two strands of secondary education: general or technical schools.
Technical secondary education has two strands, one lasting three years and a more advanced education lasting five.
In 2010, spending on healthcare accounted for 4.66% of the country's GDP.
The life expectancy at birth was 73.20 years in 2011, or 71.30 years for males and 75.20 years for females.
As a result of modernisation efforts over the years, Egypt's healthcare system has made great strides forward.
Boylan was born in Acton, California, the daughter of Merlie Baris and Frank Boylan.
 Eileen Brennan Eileen Brennan was an American actress of film, television, and theater.
She reprised the role for the TV adaptation, winning both a Golden Globe and Emmy for her performance.
Levy was inspired to cast Brennan after his personal viewing of Private Benjamin on television.
Nonetheless she did receive credit for her role on the Deleted Scenes special feature of the film's DVD.
Brennan died at her home in Burbank, California, on July 28, 2013, of bladder cancer.
She was survived by her sons, Sam and Patrick, and by two grandchildren and her sister, Kathleen Howard. 

The character of Ashley became a front-burner character, and Davidson became an integral part of the show.
James E. Reilly, who assumed head writing reins in 1993, began to make Kristen more of a villainess.
Reilly eventually developed an outrageous second role for Davidson, having her play Susan Banks, a Kristen look-alike.
Davidson's five roles earned her a Daytime Emmy nomination for Outstanding Lead Actress in 1998.
Eileen Davidson was such a part of the core of the show and such a brilliant actress; beautiful and always prepared.
In late November, it was confirmed that Davidson would return for an episode scheduled to air on December 3, 2013.
On January 28, 2014, it was announced that Davidson would return to the role of Kristen DiMera in the summer of 2014.
She is currently married to actor, former tennis professional, and World Poker Tour commentator Vincent Van Patten.
She was cast in two memorable roles in the film: The Demon , and the 'Possessed Regan' .
 Eileen Grubba Eileen Grubba is an American film and television actress born in Anchorage, Alaska.
 Eileen Heckart Eileen Heckart was an American actress of film, stage, and television.
The child was soon after legally adopted by her maternal grandmother's wealthy second husband, J.W.
She was granted three honorary doctorates by Sacred Heart University, Niagara University and Ohio State University.
Heckart was married to John Harrison Yankee, Jr. for 55 years from 1942 until his death in 1997.
On December 31, 2001, Heckart died of lung cancer at her home in Norwalk, Connecticut at the age of 82.

Within a week of her divorce from Zachary Scott, Elaine married John Steinbeck on December 28, 1950.
Anderson died of natural causes on April 27, 2003 in Manhattan, aged 88.
She was buried near John Steinbeck in the Garden of Memories Memorial Park in Salinas, California.
They married five years later, in Yuma, Arizona, but the marriage was a rocky one and they finally divorced in 1940.


She was the daughter of opera producer Arthur Hammerstein and the granddaughter of Oscar Hammerstein.
Her father once remarked he was more interested in his daughter's career than in his own.
Hammerstein is frequently reported to have graduated from Bryn Mawr College in 1913, at the age of seventeen.
In fact, there is no record in the College's Archives of her having ever attended the school.
Hammerstein wed James Walter Kays in Los Angeles, California, on June 10, 1926.
Kays was a Los Angeles fire commissioner and had also served as finance director for the California Democratic Party.
At her death Elaine Hammerstein Kays was 51 years old and her husband was 66.
Fewer than half of Elaine Hammerstein's films remain to be seen in the twenty-first century.
 Elaine Hendrix Katherine Elaine Hendrix is an American actress, producer, singer, dancer, and activist.
Her father was away from home serving in Vietnam at the time of her birth.
She has a brother, David Maher, and a sister, Stephanie Smith; both are married and have children.
She is regularly involved with humanitarian efforts, animal rights, cancer research, the environment and children.
In 2009 Hendrix made an appearance on the ABC show Castle and in the film Rock Slyde .
As an avid animal rights activist, Hendrix has been advocating for animals since 2006.
She serves on the board of Stray Rescue of St. Louis as well as the US chapter of No to Dog Meat. 
Joyce was married to Bobby Van from 1968 until Van's death from brain cancer in 1980.
In May 1982, Joyce performed at the Alhambra Dinner Theatre in Jacksonville, Florida.
Salinger attended the opening night of the production to see Joyce and accompany her after the show.
 Elaine May Elaine May is an American screenwriter, film director, actress and comedian.
After her duo with Nichols ended, May subsequently developed a career as a director and screenwriter.
In 1957 they both quit the group to form their own stage act, Nichols and May, in New York.
They performed nightly to mostly sold-out shows, in addition to making various TV and radio appearances.
Together, they became an inspiration to many younger comedians, including Lily Tomlin and Steve Martin.
Film scholar Gwendolyn Audrey Foster notes that May is drawn to material that borders on dry Yiddish humor.
For her acting she won the National Society of Film Critics award for Best Supporting Actress.
Her family then moved to Renton, Washington, where her father was a Boeing machinist.
Miles was offered the role of Marilyn Whirlwind when she was spotted in the waiting room at an audition.
Miles was named Native American Woman of the Year in 1993, and America's Celebrity Indian of the Year in 1995.
With fellow comedian Drew LaCapa , she has made an exercise video addressing diabetes rates among Native Americans.
The video mixes pow wow dancing, martial arts and aerobics moves with nutritional advice.
She enjoyed sketching and once entertained the dual ambition of becoming an artist and a novelist.
She spent two years studying at Southern Methodist University, before departing for New York City and dramatic school.
In June of that year she came to Santa Barbara, California with a troupe.
Dorothy Hall and Wanda Lyon co-starred with her in the play which was written by Zoë Akins.
The Fox Film Corporation signed Voelkel to a contract after she played two ingenue theatrical roles in New York.
Directed by William K. Howard, the romantic comedy was taken from a popular farce, penned by Frank Craven.

Her growing popularity was reflected by inclusion on the list of WAMPAS Baby Stars in 1923.
Her performance in that film is widely recognized as one of the outstanding performances in American silent films.
Unable to make the transition from silent to talking pictures, Boardman retired in 1935, and retreated from Hollywood.
Boardman was married to the film director King Vidor, with whom she had two daughters, Antonia and Belinda .
Boardman's second husband was Harry d'Abbadie d'Arrast to whom she was married from 1940 until his death in 1968.
She was married to actor Rex Lease and George Hirliman, with whom she adopted Georgelle Hirliman as an infant. 
 Eleanor Parker Eleanor Jean Parker was an American actress who appeared in some 80 movies and television series.
Parker was born on June 26, 1922, in Cedarville, Ohio, the daughter of Lola and Lester Day Parker.
After high school, at the age of 18, she was signed by Warner Brothers in 1941.
In February 1950 Parker left Warner Bros. after having been under contract there for eight years.
For this role, she won the 1950 Volpi Cup for Best Actress at the Venice Film Festival.
She played Zosh, the supposedly wheelchair-bound wife of heroin-addicted, would-be jazz drummer Frankie Machine .
Parker was married four times: She was the grandmother of one-time child actor Chase Parker Death.
Eleanor Parker died on December 9, 2013 at a medical facility in Palm Springs, California of complications of pneumonia.
Her father opposed her desire to appear on stage but her mom assisted her by introducing her to actor George Arliss.
She visited Arliss at his elegant Beekman Place apartment and he also tried to discourage Phelps from acting.
She played a very rich lady, Grace Tyrrell, on The Secret Storm, from 1970 to 1973.
She once did a commercial for Hershey in which she played an elegant lady getting in an elevator with a cow.
Among her passions was Latin America and wearing the bright colors and Aztec designs which reflected her interest.
A dancer since childhood, she was discovered at the age of 11 by the head of the Vaudeville Kiddie revue, Gus Edwards.
When she was 17, she brought her graceful, athletic style to Broadway, where she starred in various revues and musicals.
The studio groomed her for stardom, making minimal changes in her makeup and conduct.
Her performance was overshadowed by what was to be the final film appearance of W. C. Fields.
She then retired to concentrate on raising her son, actor Peter Ford, who was born that year .
She is one of only a few performers to be the subject of spotlight segments in all four films.
The films are expected to be released in individual two film sets later in the year.
Stewart attended Northwestern University, and after winning a talent contest, moved to Hollywood in the mid-1930s.
During World War II, she was a Gray Lady volunteer at the Veterans Administration Hospital in Los Angeles.
Twice married, she had one child, a daughter, Karen Peterson, from her first marriage to MGM publicity man Les Peterson.

 Eleonore Hendricks Eleonore Hendricks is an actress, photographer and casting director based out of New York City.
She began her career with the name Eleanor Crowe, changed it to Lenore Fair, and finally settled on Elinor Fair.
She also played in a handful of talkies, before disappearing from the big screen in 1934.
She grew up on Long Island where she was an accomplished gymnast, dancer and equestrian.
She attended The New School, in New York City, where she studied writing, literature and acting.
On May 5, 2005, Fraser died of congestive heart failure in Woodland Hills, California, at the age of 85.
Her career started at the age of five, where she began appearing in a number of film and television roles.
In 2009, 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2015, Moss was nominated for an Emmy for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series.
For her role, Moss received the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress - Miniseries or Television Film.
Though the play received some positive reviews, it closed on May 3, 2015 due to low ticket sales.
They separated in June 2010, and in September, Moss filed for divorce, which was finalized on May 13, 2011.
She was born in Atlanta, the daughter of activist Hosea Williams and State Representative Juanita T. Williams.
Her young life was spent within the confines of the Civil Rights movements of the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s.
After graduating from college she created the People's Survival Theatre, producing a season of five shows per year.
She directed and acted as much as she could, supporting her family as her husband's career grew.
Omilami is a graduate of Hampton University and holds a Bachelor of Arts in Theatre.
As a young girl, she accompanied her father on marches and movements across the South.
Community Service Award and The National Conference of Black Mayors Fannie Lou Hamer Unsung Heroine Award.
Röhm was born in Düsseldorf, West Germany, moving with her family to New York City before her first birthday.
Her father, Eberhard Röhm, is a corporate lawyer and partner at Duane Morris.
She has been in a relationship with entrepreneur Ron Anthony Wooster since 2005 and engaged since 2007.
Röhm gave birth to their daughter, Easton August Anthony Wooster, on April 11, 2008.
Röhm has included a blog on her personal website, wherein she often writes about life with her daughter and fiancé.
She has won several acting awards and has been nominated for an Academy Award, a Golden Globe and a BAFTA.
Shue was raised with her three brothers, Will, Andrew, and John, and was very close to her siblings.
She returned to Harvard in 1997 and completed her BA in political science in 2000.
During her studies at Columbia High School and after her parents' divorce, Shue acted in television commercials.
Shue became a common sight in ads for Burger King, DeBeers diamonds, and Hellmann's mayonnaise.
She had a role in the film loosely based on her own experiences as the only girl on a boys' soccer team.
In the film, she has quit acting to become a nurse and is the favorite actress of Dana Marschz .
Known to her friends and family as Lisa, Shue is married to film director Davis Guggenheim.
She gave birth to her first daughter, Stella Street, on March 19, 2001.
Welch was born in Englewood, New Jersey, where her father was chief gardener of an estate.
Her father was of indigenous American and African American ancestry; her mother was of Scottish and Irish descent.
Welch was brought up in a Baptist Christian family, and began her singing in a church choir.
She first intended to go from high school into social work, but instead chose to became a professional singer.
In 1928 she was married to Luke Smith, a musician, and remained with him until his death in 1936; they had no children.
She died at the age of 99 in Northwood, London, on July 15, 2003.
 Elise Cavanna Elise Cavanna was an American film actress, stage comedian, dancer, and artist.
Cavanna was a comedian with Joe Weber and Lew Fields before she entered motion pictures in 1926.
Cavanna remained in films until the late 1930s, compiling more than twenty screen credits.
In September 1933, Cavanna presented six abstract lithographs at a showing at Stendhals in Los Angeles, California.
The Los Angeles Art Association exhibited Cavanna's work in a 1954 showing at 2425 Wilshire Boulevard.
Their desire was to use art to communicate the connection between the conceptual and the perceptual.

 Elissa Knight Elissa Knight is an American employee at Pixar Animation Studios and voice actress.
 Elissa Landi Elissa Landi was an Italian born actress who was popular in Hollywood films of the 1920s and 1930s.
Rumoured to be a descendant of Emperor Franz Joseph of Austria, she was noted for her aristocratic bearing.
Born Elisabeth Marie Christine Kühnelt in Venice, Landi was raised in Austria and educated in England.
From 1928 to 1936, Landi was married to John Cecil Lawrence, and from 1943 to 1948, to Curtis Kinney Thomas .
Her first ambition was to be a writer, and she wrote her first novel at the age of twenty.
She joined the Oxford Repertory Company at an early age, appearing in many British and American stage successes.
Her contract with Fox was abruptly cancelled in 1936 as a result of her refusal to accept a particular role.
She died from cancer in Kingston, New York, and was buried at Oak Hill Cemetery in Newburyport, Massachusetts.
Elissa Landi has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for her contributions to Motion Pictures, at 1615 Vine Street. 
Coupe was born and raised in Plymouth, New Hampshire, to Ernie and Kate.
Coupe was married to acting teacher and puppeteer Randall Whittinghill from December 2007 to June 2013.
Coupe announced her engagement to Darin Olien, founder of lifestyle brand SuperLife, via Instagram on November 27, 2014.
They were married on December 24, 2014 while on vacation in New Zealand on Christmas Eve.
Dushku's father is an Albanian from the city of Korçë and her mother is of Danish and English descent.
Dushku attended Beaver Country Day School in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts, and graduated from Watertown High School.
She said: I've been getting fan mail from maximum security penitentiaries and death row.
What are the authorities thinking of in playing a show with young teenage girls to Death Row inmates?
They write everything – disgusting things that you don't even want to know about.
– and there's some guy sat on the sofa with a bottle of beer and a moustache, and a big gut.
This was the second Fox pilot in which she was cast, but not broadcast.
The movie received positive reviews, with a few of them highlighting Dushku's performance.
It was released in North America on October 14, 2008, for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
The movie was released in Los Angeles on November 30, 2007, and on DVD on January 22, 2008.
On August 26, 2007, Dushku signed a development deal with Fox Broadcasting Company and 20th Century Fox.
Dushku produced the show and played the main character, 'Echo', which aired on Fox during the 2008–09 TV Season.
We went to a four-hour lunch where I just sort of used my womanly wiles.
I told him how bad I wanted and needed him back and he accepted and here we are.
The show officially wrapped filming on the second and final season on December 16, 2009.
She visited Kosovo and got an Albanian Eagle tattoo on the back of her neck.
Additionally, she was given honorary citizen status in her father's home town of Korçë, Albania.
In December 2014 she said on her Twitter page she was no longer a vegetarian.
She has appeared on television and as a voiceover actor on video games and cartoons.
Schneider spent her formative years on a Chippewa reservation with her two older brothers in a mostly Jewish family.
When she was sixteen, she was in her first musical group, IT'S MY PARTY!
From ages 7–20, she went to Jewish summer camp, becoming a counselor, and started performing on stage.
During this time Schneider was part of Honey Pig, an all-female country and western trio.
In 2006, Schneider was involved in a car accident, resulting in a head injury and a broken hand.
 Eliza Swenson Eliza Swenson is an American actress, producer, singer, and composer.
She received a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Music Media and Sound Engineering from Brigham Young University in 2003.
Under the pseudonym Victoria Mazze, Swenson is lead singer of the band The Divine Madness.
She got married on the 26th of July 2015 to Jason Tibor Farkas, and she has no children. 

She was married briefly to Baron Karl von Vietinghoff-Scheel, but they divorced and she never remarried.
 Elizabeth Ashley Elizabeth Ashley is an American actress of theatre, film, and television.
In 1991, this role garnered her an Emmy nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series.
Thrice divorced, Ashley's first and second husbands were actors James Farentino and George Peppard.
Her father was a factory worker for General Electric and her mother worked in a bank.
She then tried out for the school play, which was her start in acting.
She graduated from Pittsfield High School in 1992, and is a member of the Massachusetts Junior Classical League.
She attended the University of Pennsylvania, where she was a member of the Delta Delta Delta Sorority.
In 1998, she completed schooling at the American Conservatory Theater and earned an MFA.
The character appeared throughout seasons six, seven, and eight as a recurring guest star.
The film was about an intrusive stepmother who makes life miserable for the teen daughters of her new husband.
Banks is a frequent co-star of actor Paul Rudd, the two having appeared in five films together to date .
She continued in the role in the 2013 film ' and in 2014's '.
In 2015, she was named as a member of the Jury for the Main Competition at the 2015 Venice Film Festival.
Also in 2015, Banks became a spokeswoman for Realtor.com in their series of television commercials.
Banks met her husband, sportswriter and producer Max Handelman, on her first day at college on September 6, 1992.
She and her husband had their first child, Felix, who was born through a surrogate in March 2011.
In November 2012, Banks announced the birth of another son, Magnus Mitchell, also by surrogate.
Banks went through parts of the process of conversion to Judaism, her husband's faith, and studied with rabbis.
She is the daughter of Jere, a gift basket business owner, and Fred Berkley, a lawyer.
Her family is Jewish, she was raised in the Conservative tradition of Judaism, and at age 13 became bat mitzvahed.
The show premiered in April 2008 on Bravo and was cancelled after the first season.
The show came out as the network's strongest ever in its time slot with 826,000 viewers.
She played Kelly Wentworth, the straight girl who got away from Jennifer Beals' character Bette Porter in college.
Dennis Haskins, Lark Voorhies, Mario Lopez, Elizabeth Berkley and Mark-Paul Gosselaar agreed to a reunion.
They were eliminated on the 9th week of competition and landed in 6th place despite receiving high judge scores.
Ultimately however, the public vote eliminated her team based upon popularity metrics used by the show.
In 2006, Berkley set up a self-help program online for teen girls called Ask-Elizabeth.
On November 1, 2003, Berkley married artist and occasional actor Greg Lauren at the Esperanza Hotel in Cabo San Lucas.
Berkley formally changed her name to Elizabeth Berkley Lauren; however, she still uses her maiden name professionally.
On March 5, 2012, Berkley announced she was expecting her first child in the summer.
Due to her acting commitments, she earned her diploma through an independent-study program at Mamaroneck High School.
Two actresses were flown to Prague, and after a week's auditions Berridge was given the part .
On January 8, 2000, Bogush married Neil Shapiro, but they divorced in December 2002.
On August 29, 2013, she gave birth to a daughter, Spencer Everly Reiter. 
 Elizabeth D'Onofrio Elizabeth D'Onofrio is a film producer, actress, and acting coach who is of Italian descent.
Two of the four judges on the show, Blake Shelton and Cee Lo Green, turned around their chairs for her.
She is the girlfriend of Grant Hayunga, the lead singer, songwriter and guitar player.

Franz was born Betty Jean Frankovich in Akron, Ohio, the daughter of a factory worker.
In 2003 she received the Dramatist Guild Fund's Lifetime Achievement in the Theater award.
Betty Louise Foss was born during World War I in Alameda, California during the great flu epidemic.
Within six weeks, her mother died, her father had a nervous breakdown, and relatives passed her care around.
Babies were thought to draw the deadly flu, so in a short while, she was placed in a San Francisco orphanage.
In 1942, Harrower married Harry Seabold, an Air Force cadet she had met in fifth grade.
Harrower died of cancer in 2003 and was interred in the Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery in Glendale, California. 
The role won Hartman widespread critical acclaim, a fact proudly noted by the news media in her hometown.
At the time of her nomination in 1966, Elizabeth Hartman was the youngest nominee ever in the Best Actress category.
That same year, Hartman received an achievement award from the National Association of Theater Owners.
She was highly praised for her performance as Mrs. Brisby, however this proved to be her last Hollywood film role.
Her costar was veteran actor Peter Brandon, with supporting roles played by Howard Whalen and Ed Harris.
It was directed by Hartman's husband, Gill Dennis and produced by Duane Waddell.
In 1984, she divorced her husband, screenwriter Gill Dennis, after a five-year separation.
On June 10, 1987, Hartman committed suicide by jumping from the window of her fifth floor apartment.
Earlier that morning, she had reportedly called her psychiatrist saying that she felt despondent.


She was married to furrier David Bennett from 1970 to 1972; they had one child, a son, Jeremy Bennett .
She returned again in 1981 and remained with the show until its cancellation in 1982.
In 1974, Hubbard was awarded the first Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series.
Hubbard left the program in 1999 but was persuaded to return several months later by the show's new executive producer.
Hubbard was featured in a prominent storyline in 2005 when her character was diagnosed with cancer.
Elizabeth Kaitan was a model for the Bonnie Kay Agency in New York City in the early 1980s.

At 16 Kemp traveled to the Rhode Island School of Design but was told to wait a year.
She instead went to New York City and studied at The Art Students League and American Academy of Dramatic Arts.
Kemp's career has included playing opposite Christopher Reeve, Tom Hanks and Kevin Kline.
Kemp serves on the board of The Actors Studio, alongside Al Pacino, Harvey Keitel, Ellen Burstyn, Melissa Leo.
Kemp serves as Associate Artistic Director the of The Actors Studio, alongside Artistic Director Ellen Burstyn.
Kemp has been a member of the Acting Faculty of The Actors Studio MFA Program since its inaugural year in 1994.
Kemp is the Chair of the Acting Department at The Actors Studio Drama School at Pace University. 

Marvel was born in Orange County, California, but raised in Mohnton, Pennsylvania.
She married actor Bill Camp on September 4, 2004; the couple has one child. 
Her stepfather, Joseph Day Mitchell, and mother, Josephine Marian Mitchell , are lawyers based in Dallas.
Mitchell and her mother moved to Dallas, Texas in 1970, where her mother married Joseph Mitchell in 1975.
Mitchell graduated from Booker T. Washington High School for the Performing and Visual Arts, a public magnet school.
Mitchell worked for six years in Dallas Theater Center and a year at Encore Theater.
Her work on the series earned her five Primetime Emmy Award nominations and four Golden Globe Award nominations.
Her final marriage was to actor Robert Foxworth, with whom she lived for twenty years before marrying in 1993.
Montgomery died of colorectal cancer in May 1995, eight weeks after being diagnosed with the disease.
She had an older sister, Martha Bryan Montgomery, who died as an infant and a younger brother, Robert Montgomery, Jr. .
After graduating from Spence School, she attended the American Academy of Dramatic Arts for three years.
The show had been renewed for a ninth season to run from 1972 to 1973.
As a consolation to ABC, Montgomery and Asher offered a half-hour sitcom to the network starring Paul Lynde.
Montgomery played a police detective having an affair with her married partner, played by O.J.
By the time the cancer was diagnosed, it was too late for medical intervention.
Early in the morning of May 18, 1995, Montgomery died at home eight weeks after her diagnosis.
On June 18, 1995, a memorial service was held at the Canon Theatre in Beverly Hills.
Herbie Hancock provided the music, and Dominick Dunne spoke about their early days as friends in New York City.
Elizabeth Montgomery had a summer home in Patterson, New York, in Putnam County.
Following her death, the estate was sold to New York State and became Wonder Lake State Park. 

She is the younger sister of twins Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen, who became famous as TV and movie stars at an early age.
Her oldest brother is named Trent Olsen, and she has two younger half siblings as well.
The Olsens have Norwegian ancestry on their father's side and English ancestry on their mother's side.
She began acting at a very young age, with appearances in her sisters' films.
She attended Campbell Hall School in North Hollywood, California from kindergarten through grade 12.
After graduation, she enrolled at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts.
She almost quit acting in 2004 due to the media frenzy surrounding Mary-Kate's eating disorder.

Her father, who had been a Confederate soldier, was a judge in Hardin County.
In that installment, she threatened to make trouble for the Ricardos since the building did not allow children.
Never married, Patterson lived alone at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel during her thirty five-year motion picture career.

 Elizabeth Reaser Elizabeth Ann Reaser is an American film, television, and stage actress.
Reaser was born in Bloomfield, Michigan, an affluent Detroit suburb, the daughter of Karen Davidson and John Reaser.
 Elizabeth Rice Elizabeth Ellen Rice is an American actress, performing in television and film.
She has appeared in a number of stage productions, television shows and independent films.

Beginning as a child star with MGM in the 1940s, she became a screen actress during Hollywood's Golden Age.
She appeared in more than 50 films, playing mostly dramatic roles, and won two Academy Awards for Best Actress.
, for which Taylor won the BAFTA Award for Best Actress and her second Academy Award for Best Actress.
From the mid-1970s, she appeared less frequently in film, and made occasional appearances in television and theatre.
Taylor died from congestive heart failure in March 2011 at the age of 79, having suffered many years of ill health.
Sara was the daughter of a German immigrant and used the stage name Sara Sothern during her acting career.
The family's friends included artists such as Augustus John and Laura Knight, and MP Colonel Victor Cazalet.
Francis arrived soon after and later owned an art gallery in The Beverly Hills Hotel.
The family later settled in Beverly Hills, where Taylor and her brother were enrolled in Hawthorne School.
MGM had been looking for a suitable actress with a British accent and the ability to ride horses since 1937.
As she was deemed too short, filming was pushed back several months to allow her to grow.
She fractured her spine in a fall, but the injury went unnoticed for several years.
In developing Taylor into a leading actress, MGM made some changes to her looks.
She had to wear braces to correct her teeth, and had two of her baby teeth pulled out.
In January 1946, Taylor signed a new seven-year contract with MGM, with a weekly salary of $750.
MGM began to construct a more mature image for Taylor after she turned fifteen in 1947.
The studio organized public appearances, interviews and photo shoots which portrayed her at parties and on dates.
She was loaned to Warner Bros. for the film; the studio paid her $3,500 per week, several times her regular MGM salary.
Critics acclaimed the film as a classic, a reputation it sustained throughout the next 50 years of cinema history.
Despite her successes, Taylor was becoming unsatisfied with the roles given her by the studio.
She portrayed Louise Durant, a beautiful rich girl in love with a temperamental violinist and an earnest young pianist .
In the film she played Helen Ellsworth Willis, a character based on that of Zelda Fitzgerald.
Although Taylor was pregnant with her second child at the time, she went ahead with the film, her fourth in a year.
For the part, however, Taylor worried that she did not look old enough, as her character was to be twenty years older.
In the early 1980s, Taylor moved to Bel Air, California, which was her residence until her death.
In March 2003, Taylor declined to attend the 75th Annual Academy Awards, due to her opposition to the Iraq War.
The event's goal was to raise $1 million for Taylor's AIDS foundation.
Tickets for the show were priced at $2,500, and more than 500 people attended.
The Writers Guild agreed not to picket the Paramount Pictures lot that night to allow for the performance.
At the time of her death, she was survived by her four children, ten grandchildren, and four great-grandchildren.
Taylor said that her conversion was something she had long considered and was not related to her marriages.
At the conversion ceremony, her parents were present as witnesses and supported her decision.
I always chose to think I was in love and that love was synonymous with marriage.
When I was first divorced, I was 18 and I had only been married nine months.
Taylor launched the House of Taylor fragrance line at a time when celebrity perfumes by and large did not exist.
She was heavily involved in the creation of her fragrances, from the scent to packaging.
That year, in the wake of Hurricane Katrina, Taylor donated $500,000 to the NO AIDS in and around New Orleans.
The donation was shared by Taylor in celebration of her 74th birthday and to help NO AIDS humanitarian work.
In 1959, her large-scale purchase of Israeli Bonds caused Arab boycotts of her films.
However the ban was lifted in 1964 after it was considered that the film had brought favourable publicity to Egypt.
In 1974 Taylor and Richard Burton considered marrying in Israel, but were unable to do so because Burton was not Jewish.
Beginning in 1951, Taylor experienced serious medical issues whenever she faced problems in her personal life.
She was a heavy smoker until forced to quit following a severe bout of pneumonia in 1990.
Due to numerous back injuries, she was addicted to sleeping pills and painkillers for 35 years.
She was treated for alcoholism and prescription drug addiction at the Betty Ford Center in 1983 and again in 1988.
She remained there until her death at age 79 on March 23, 2011, surrounded by her four children.
Taylor's funeral took place the day after she died at the Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale, California.
Throughout her sixty-two year career, Elizabeth Taylor received more than 40 awards, honors, and nominations.
In 1997 Taylor was honored by the Screen Actors Guild with the Life Achievement Award.
In 1994 a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs, California, Walk of Stars was dedicated to her. 
Wilson was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan, the daughter of Marie Ethel and insurance agent Henry Dunning Wilson.
Her maternal grandfather was a wealthy German immigrant, and Wilson was raised in a large mansion.
She attended the Barter Theatre in Abingdon, Virginia, then studied with Sanford Meisner at the Neighborhood Playhouse.
Wilson was a character actress, appearing in over 30 movies and many Broadway plays.
On May 9, 2015, aged 94, Wilson died at her home in New Haven, Connecticut. 
Her mother had been May Hall, a struggling actress that never reached any level of notoriety.
Her career took off after that film, with her appearing in thirty seven films from 1913 through the end of 1914.
Her career had slowed considerably during this span of a two year break, and she would only star in seven more films.
She was residing in Los Angeles, California at the time of her death on September 3, 1981. 
The original cast album was released in 1948, and was Capitol Records' first Original Cast album.
She continued to work occasionally in clubs, on television, and in theatrical stock productions, into the 1960s.
Peck was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, and went to school in New York City.
For this role, she won the Best Actress Award at the New York Television Festival.
In 1944, she appeared soon after D-Day as a most classy pin-up in the GI magazine, Yank.
She died from throat cancer in Sherman Oaks, California in 1988, aged 67. 
in theatre from Cornell University, where she became a member of Kappa Delta Sorority, graduating in 1935.
She died on May 4, 2015, at the age of 101 due to pneumonia. 
Barkin is the mother of two children, Jack Daniel and Romy Marion , from her first marriage, to actor Gabriel Byrne.

She held that position for the next twelve years and took acting lessons on the side.
For her guest appearances in many westerns, Corby in 1989 won a Golden Boot award.
Her husband, Zebulon Walton, was portrayed by actor Edgar Bergen in the made-for-TV film.
Her stroke was written into the show, with Grandma Walton also suffering a stroke and struggling to regain her speech.
Ray's venture into the movies brought about a conflict in names with another Terry Ray, this one a male.
Among her leading men were Ronald Colman, William Holden, Basil Rathbone, Dick Powell, and Robert Preston .
In the 1950s, with her movie career on the decline, she worked as a television actress.
Drew married screenwriter Sy Hartlett August 16, 1941, at Lake Tahoe, Nevada.
In music, she has released four solo albums but is best known for her collaborations with rock singer Meat Loaf.
Foley was born in St. Louis, Missouri, the daughter of John and Virginia B. Foley.
Although Karla DeVito is featured in the music video, DeVito is lip synching to Foley's vocals.
Jones produced the album, which also featured members of The Blockheads, and peaked at No.
Foley was one of four female vocalists to front the band Pandora's Box, formed by Jim Steinman in 1989.
As of the mid-2000s, she teaches voice at The Paul Green School of Rock Music in Manhattan, New York City.
Note: all of these were originally issued by Epic within the U.S. on vinyl LP.
 Ellen Geer Ellen Ware Geer is an American actress, professor, screenwriter, film director, and theatre director.
She is married to children's musician Peter Alsop, and was previously married to actor Ed Flanders.
The remainder of Geer's 1970s career consisted primarily of guest appearances and made-for-television movies.
She received rave reviews from critics such as Rex Reed, George Bell and John S. Wilson.
at the Trafalgar Studios in London's West End from July 26 to August 20, 2011.
Ellen Hall was born in Los Angeles, California, and came from an acting family, though all were little known.
Her grandmother, May Hall, had been a struggling actress, appearing in one silent film.
Of her family of actors and actresses, only her mother, Ella Hall, achieved any real notoriety.
She would star in three films opposite Brown, in addition to films opposite cowboy stars William Boyd and Sunset Carson.
It would be in B-westerns like that in which she would see her greatest success.
She eventually settled in Bellevue, Nebraska, where she was residing at the time of her death on March 24, 1999. 

Hollman was born in Detroit, Michigan, and eventually moved to Troy, Michigan where she graduated from Troy High School.
Hollman was an all-star track runner, holding the female state record in Michigan for the long jump .
Her celebrity hosts have included Chris Pine, Zoe Saldana, January Jones, Robert Luketic etc.
Her organization has conducted various eye clinics in Los Angeles, servicing over 6,000 children with glasses.
The series was created and executive produced by Idelson's former producing and writing partner, Rob Lotterstein. 
She moved to Austin, Texas at age 3 and became active in sports and cheerleading.
Her love of performance and musical theatre in particular began during a family vacation to New York City at age 4.
Ellen enjoys collaborating with her older brother J.R. who is an accomplished musician, composer and choreographer.
In her spare time, Ellen loves to travel and often returns to her home state of Texas to visit family and friends.
She now lives in the Los Angeles area, but frequently returns to New York City for various projects.
Marlow continues to develop her career in film, television, theater, and music.
She has also performed in musical theatre as a dancer and pop singer, and in a one-woman show of Jewish music.
Sandweiss was born in Detroit, Michigan, and is a graduate of the University of Michigan.
The story brought actress Carrie Nye, a friend of Weston, back to the show.
 Ellie Cornell Ellie Cornell is an American actress and movie producer, known primarily for her roles in horror films.
After her marriage to producer Mark Gottwald, she is sometimes credited as Ellie Gottwald.
She and her husband, Mark Gottwald, have two daughters named Grace and Rose.
One of her teachers was actor Jon Hamm, with whom she appeared in a school play.
In 1999, while she was making her formal debut, she was named the Queen of St. Louis's annual Veiled Prophet Ball.
In a commercial for Kmart, Kemper featured as a camper with a live tarantula crawling over her face.
Kemper was cast in the role, and started appearing in the show in April 2009.
Many critics have singled her out as a highlight of the show's eighth season following Steve Carell's departure.
She plays a former cult-member/abductee who wants to shed the victim pity of her small hometown and moves to New York.

 Elsa Benham Elsa Benham was a dancer and silent movie performer from St. Louis, Missouri.
In 1925 Benham won a popularity contest conducted by the West Hollywood Business Men's Association.
Press reports compared her appearance to actress Barbara La Marr, though Benham was many years younger.

She quickly became known as one of the most beautiful women to ever set foot on the American stage.
Producer and director Adolph Zukor then signed her to an 18-film, three-year, $5,000-per-week contract.
Many of the films she agreed to do were because they were adaptations of stage plays with which she was familiar.
Elsie Ferguson eventually followed the move west and bought a home in the hills of Hollywood, California.
She fell in love with Paris and the French Riviera and within a few years bought a permanent home there.
Despite her wealth and fame and glamorous lifestyle, Elsie Ferguson's personal life had more than its share of turmoil.
Well known behind the scenes as difficult to work with, temperamental, and argumentative, she married four times.
Ferguson made her final appearance on Broadway in 1943, at the age of 60, that met with critical acclaim.
 Elsie Janis Elsie Janis was an American singer, songwriter, actress, and screenwriter.
Born Elsie Bierbower in Marion County, Ohio, she first took to the stage at age 2.
As she matured, using the stage name Elsie Janis, she began perfecting her comedic skills.
Acclaimed by American and British critics, Janis was a headliner on Broadway and London.
Elsie performed at the grand opening of the Brown Theatre in Louisville, Kentucky on October 5, 1925.
World War I. Janis was a tireless advocate for British and American soldiers fighting in World War I.
 Elsie Mackay Elsie Mackay was an American stage and screen actress in the twenties and thirties.
A third source is somewhat contradictory as Atwill's son John from his first marriage died in World War II.
Elsie recently retired as a high school English teacher at Aragon High School in California.
Her teaching career spanned 22 years and included many years as an award-winning drama teacher.
Elsie's father Dr. Benbow Ritchie was a professor at UC Berkeley during Elsie's childhood.
Benbow's favorite hobby was to act and direct theater productions in local Berkeley community theater groups.
Elsie had early experience as an actor as a result of her family's passions.
Elsie has taken up this family passion again in Redding, Ca since her retirement from teaching.
It was there she met her first husband, musician Wesley B. Tourtellotte, in 1930.
New York beckoned in 1933, where she did a 15-minute network program of songs.
Pyle on July 3, 1937 and was with him when he died on February 3, 1939.
Allman also worked as a real estate agent in addition to her acting in the 1970s and 1980s.
Allman died in Santa Monica, California, March 6, 1992, from pneumonia, aged 87.
She studied at the Traphagen School of Fashion in Manhattan, then embarked on a career in fashion design.
While appearing on the Bing Crosby radio show, she met football star Tom Harmon.
They were engaged to marry, but ended the relationship when Harmon entered the U.S. Army Air Corps in 1942.
Later that year, Knox married fashion photographer Paul Hesse who had shot many of her print ads and magazine covers.
Following her divorce and Harmon's return from World War II , she and Harmon married in 1944.
Knox's wedding dress was made from silk from the parachute Harmon used when bailing out of his plane.
On February 16, 2012, Knox died at her home in Los Angeles, California.
She is the mother of actress Alexa Davalos, from her marriage to photographer Jeff Dunas. 
Her father, Edward Corinealdi, is Panamanian, and her mother, Rosemarie Hilton, is from Ohio.
Later that year, she won a Gotham Award for Breakthrough Actor for the film.
She has an older sister, Natalie Alyn Lind, and a younger sister, Alyvia Alyn Lind, who are also actresses. 
Lloyd was born in Glendale, California, the daughter of Melissa and David Morelli.

girl in a 2012 commercial for Ruffles and the character of Ivy in the television series, The Vampire Diaries.
Chang was born in Baton Rouge, Louisiana and raised in Randolph, New Jersey.
The youngest of six children, she began dancing at age three, drawing at age 4, singing and acting at age 8.
She graduated in April 2005 from Brigham Young University with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in illustration.
She currently works for Disney as an Art Manager at a video game development studio.
She was first married to Spencer Tyndall from 2004 to 2008; the couple divorced.
She remarried on March 19, 2009 to Adam Dunn, with whom she has two children. 

She and Cyrus also went on tour with Miley in 2009 filming their show while touring through the United States.
Emily Grace Reaves had a collection of poufy dresses from child brand Ooh, La La!
As of March 2013, Emily Grace Reaves has not launched the much-anticipated Rockabilly Dollz clothing line. 

Hart is the daughter of television producer Paula Hart and William Hart, a businessman.
Kuroda, a Japanese-American, was born in Fresno, California, the daughter of Kay and William Kuroda.
She has two brothers, Paul Kuroda and her younger brother Douglas Kuroda, an electrician in Fresno, California. 
Mae Young was awarded the Little Miss Apple Dumpling prize at the age of four, winning $100.
She first appeared on television in a number of commercials, including Welch's juice and Sears ads.

She began acting in stage productions, and has since appeared in several film and television roles.
Mortimer was born in Hammersmith, London, England, to Sir John Mortimer, QC , and his second wife, Penelope .
Mortimer studied at St Paul's Girls' School in west London, where she appeared in several pupil productions.
She then went on to Oxford University, where she read Russian at Lincoln College and performed in several plays.
Mortimer gave birth to their son, Samuel John, in Westminster, London, on 23 September 2003.
 Emily Osment Emily Jordan Osment is an American actress, singer, and songwriter born in Los Angeles, California.
The show earned her a nomination for Young Artist Award in 2007 for best performance in a TV Series .
On September 18, 2009, Osment listed the songs that would appear on this EP on her official Twitter page.
She has collaborated on tunes with Tom Higgenson, Max Collins, Tony Fagenson, Toby Gad and Mandi Perkins.
On March 24, 2010, Osment confirmed on Good Day NY that her debut album would be released in the summer of 2010.
It began on October 30, 2010 in São Paulo and ended on December 8, 2010 in Appleton .
It was filmed in Montreal and was released on DVD on February 7, 2012.
Emily plays Gabi, a feisty young blogger hired as the personal chef to a young San Francisco tech entrepreneur.
Not the typical polished chef, Gabi is blunt, klutzy and has an outrageous sense of style.
The pilot episode, which aired on June 25, 2014, garnered 1.08 million views in the US.
The ABC network renewed Young & Hungry for a second season on September 29, 2014.
She will play Jodi, a girl living on the street who is a drug addict; Christy and Bonnie try to help her stay clean.
The campaign wants young people aware of the current environmental situation and engage with it in around them.
Children had the opportunity to choose how Disney will invest one million dollars in various environmental programs.
After Procter moved to Los Angeles, her father provided the funds for acting school for two years.
In 1996, Procter guest-starred in ABC's ', where she played Lana Lang.
She jogs for two hours a day, five days a week, and has taken part in various triathlons and marathons.
Procter also sings in a 1980s cover band formerly called White Lightning, which is now renamed Motion.
Procter has volunteered with the Young Storytellers Program, and helps out at homeless shelters.
During the 2007-2008 WGA strike, she designed a home for a friend in Saint John, U.S. Virgin Islands.
Rios was born in Los Angeles, California and raised as a Jehovah's Witness in El Monte, California.
Roeske and her brother have studied karate all their lives, and in 1998 she became The No.
As of 2013, she has become a fifth-degree black belt and a former kick boxer. 
Born in Renton, Washington, Rose received her Master of Fine Arts degree in Acting from UCLA in 2006.
She also graduated from Vanguard University of Southern California with a degree in Theater Arts.
On January 15, 2013, Rose announced via Twitter that she and her husband were expecting a baby.
 Emily Schulman Emily Hope Schulman is a former child actress and commercial agent, and current acting instructor.
After a coastal relocation, Schulman now teaches acting along and near the Connecticut shoreline.
Her father had joined the United States Navy just before the Civil War, rising to the rank of Lieutenant.
The drama was the first presentation at the venue under the management of Harrison Grey Fiske.
The theme of the work has to do with a woman who becomes a social outcast because of marital problems.
In May 1902 Mrs. Fiske put on a revival of Tess of the D'Urbervilles at the Manhattan Theatre.
Stevens was among the players in a recreation of this production of Mrs. Fiske first staged in 1897.
She became a permanent member of the company of Mrs. Fiske in 1904, following three seasons on stage.
Based on Vanity Fair by William Makepeace Thackery, the comedy in four acts, was written by Langdon Mitchell.
Mrs. Fiske and the Manhattan Company brought it before audiences with Stevens and George Arliss as cast principals.
The Henrik Ibsen work played for one week in 1903 with near capacity attendance for each performance.
The Manhattan Theatre presented the play about the daughter of a thief in December 1904.
Stevens, Arliss, John B. Mason, and Marie Fedor were among the players.
She played minor roles with Arliss and Bertha Kalich before her first true New York success.
This was several months before Jane Cowl made the character famous with a run of the play in New York.
She plays with a power, a penetration, and an unerring precision that are an unfailing delight.
She seems to have stayed true to her feelings for Harrison Fiske as she did not pursue relationships with other men.
Emily Stevens died in her apartment at 50 West 67th Street, New York City, in 1928.
Wilson attended Stevens over the Christmas and New Year's holidays in the absence of her neurologist.
The medical examiner, Dr. Charles Norris, said he found indications that Stevens had taken an overdose of a drug.
Dr. Milton J. Wilson believed that Stevens had taken a sedative which did not contain an opiate.
Wilson was called to Stevens' apartment the day before her death after she was found in a coma.
She was given an Episcopal service after which her body was taken to New Jersey for cremation. 

She attended Talent Unlimited High School Performing Arts High School on the Upper East Side of Manhattan.
Bell began her acting career in an Off-Broadway cabaret show in New York at the age of 12.
It screened at various festivals, although it has not been picked up for distribution.
She is no longer uploading videos due to her contract with 'My Damn Channel' ending.
She also attended Orange County High School of the Arts in the Music and Theater Conservatory in Santa Ana, California.
She has played with the Seattle Youth Symphony Orchestras and most recently the Glendale Youth Orchestra.
She also participates in FIRST Robotics on a team sponsored by NASA and JPL and Walt Disney Imagineering.
Dumont, roller derby and LADD skaters were featured in a 2013 episode of the ABC Family show Bunheads.
In 2011 Dumont was introduced to robotics through the FIRST Tech Challenge and the Girl Scout sponsored Team 25.
Dumont spoke at the 2013 FIRST World Championship at a VIP Dinner on April 26, 2013.
In Fall 2013, for the 2014 season, Dumont became a mentor of FRC Team 980 Thunderbots.
Roberts was born in Rhinebeck, New York to Kelly Cunningham and actor Eric Roberts.
During her childhood, Roberts spent time on the sets of her aunt Julia's films.
These experiences sparked a desire to follow her father and aunts into the film industry.
In the film, she portrayed Kristina Jung, the daughter of Johnny Depp's character .
The sitcom earned Roberts a Teen Choice Award nomination and several Young Artist Award nominations.
The series focused on a seventh grader, Addie, and her two best friends.
She won a 2007 Young Artist Award for Best Supporting Young Actress in a Feature Film for her role in the film.
The film premiered in January 2009, and took fifth place in its opening weekend with over $17 million.
The film has to-date grossed over $114 million, and received generally mixed reviews from critics.
Roberts played a recent college graduate who works at an adult bookstore to make ends meet.
She has said that most of her lines were ad-libbed so her reactions in the film were completely genuine.
She portrayed Lena Haloway, the protagonist, but Fox decided not to pick up the show.
Roberts portrayed a self-involved party girl named Madison Montgomery, who also happens to be a telekinetic witch.
She then portrayed Maggie Esmerelda, a con artist posing as a fortune teller, in the season four, called '.
The film was released in May 2014 to generally positive reviews, with particular praise for Roberts' performance.
Directed by Osgood Perkins, the film premiered at the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival.
The album was released on September 27, 2005, through Columbia Records and Nick Records.
I am getting ready to start a new movie this summer so that is taking a lot of my time.
I think people should be one or the other because usually you're not going to be great at both.
You're going to better at one, so you might as well stick to the one you're good at.
They became engaged in December 2013, but in June 2015, it was reported that they had ended their engagement.
Creator Sheldon Leonard mentioned in an interview that Henry was a good actress who was easy to work with.
Sheldon tested her and based on the screen test she got the part of Mrs. Bellows.
Originally, Henry never intended to become an actress, for she had wanted to become a singer.
She went to Hollywood in the early 1950s and found her way into the choruses of several musicals.
Producers began noticing, however, that her comedy skills were superior to her singing.
 Emmy Clarke Mary Elizabeth Clarke , better known as Emmy Clarke, is an American actress.
At age 6 she moved to Woking, England, where she attended TASIS England before moving to New York City at age 11.
She is the only child of Cheryl Rossum, a single mother who worked as a corporate photographer.
Her parents separated while her mother was pregnant; as of 2007, she had met her father twice.
She was named after her great-grandfather, whose first name was Emanuel, using the feminine spelling Emmanuelle.
Debuting at the Sundance Film Festival, the film won the Special Jury Award for Outstanding Ensemble Performance.
“When I arrived, he just said, ‘Shall we?’ meaning I was to sing.
For her role as Christine Daae, Rossum received a Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Actress in a musical or comedy.
She played Jennifer Ramsey, the daughter of Kurt Russell's character, Robert Ramsey.
Rossum described the character as being proactive and strong in all situations, rather than a damsel in distress.
In April 2010, Showtime announced that they would be picking up the series for a full season of twelve episodes.
In November 2012, Rossum announced that her second album would be released on Warner Bros. Records.
Rossum describes herself as a lyric soprano, though she admits her voice is still developing.
She continues to train vocally at ZajacStudio, Inc, a studio run by soprano Joann C. Zajac.
She has appeared in several Public Service Announcements for the Natural Resources Defense Council Action Fund.
She also works with Global Green USA to raise money for environmental protection and awareness of ecological issues.
In August 2015, Rossum became engaged to writer/director Sam Esmail after two years of dating.
Rossum has celiac disease, an autoimmune disease in which the body cannot tolerate any foods containing gluten.
She originated the role of Jane in films, playing the character twice - in 1918 .
Equatorial Guinea is the only sovereign African state in which Spanish is an official language.
Bioko Island is the northernmost part of Equatorial Guinea and is the site of the country's capital, Malabo.
The mainland region, Río Muni, is bordered by Cameroon on the north and Gabon on the south and east.
It is the location of Bata, Equatorial Guinea's largest city, and Oyala, the country's planned future capital.
Rio Muni also includes several small offshore islands, such as Corisco, Elobey Grande, and Elobey Chico.
Since the mid-1990s, Equatorial Guinea has become one of sub-Saharan Africa's largest oil producers.
Bioko, the site of the capital, Malabo, lies about off the coast of Cameroon.
Corisco and the two Elobey islands are in Corisco Bay, on the border of Río Muni and Gabon.
From June to August, Río Muni is dry and Bioko wet; from December to February, the reverse occurs.
Rain or mist occurs daily on Annobón, where a cloudless day has never been registered.
Annual rainfall varies from at Malabo to at Ureka, Bioko, but Río Muni is somewhat drier.
Bantu migrations between the 18th and 19th centuries brought the coastal ethno-linguistic groups as well as the Fang.
The Annobón population, native to Angola, was introduced by the Portuguese via São Tomé island.
Spain had thereby tried to gain access to a source of slaves controlled by British merchants.
Between 1926 and 1959 Bioko and Rio Muni were united as the colony of Spanish Guinea.
With the ending of Liberian imports, the cocoa planters of Fernando Po turned to Rio Muni.
In July 1970, Macias Nguema created a single-party state and made himself president for life in 1972.
Towards the middle 1970s the Macias regime came under grave accusations of being guilty of mass killings.
Teodoro Obiang deposed Macías Nguema on 3 August 1979, in a bloody coup d'état.
The Prime Minister, Vicente Ehate Tomi was appointed by Obiang and operates under powers designated by the President.
During the three decades of his rule, Obiang has shown little tolerance for opposition.
While the country is nominally a multiparty democracy, elections have generally been considered a sham.
The 'real' coup attempts were often perpetrated in an attempt by rival elites to seize the state's economic resources.
President Barack Obama posed for an official photograph with President Obiang at a New York reception.
The 26 May 2013 elections combined the senate, lower house and mayoral contests all in a single package.
This, as all the previous elections, was denounced by the opposition and it too was won by Obiang's PDGE.
The MPP called for a peaceful protest at the Plaza de la Mujer square on 15 May.
In their censorship efforts, they would redirect all the searches performed online to the official government website.
Equatorial Guinea is divided into seven provinces : The provinces are further divided into districts.
Equatorial Guinea is a member of the Organization for the Harmonization of Business Law in Africa .
The country was one of thirty candidate countries and obtained candidate status on 22 February 2008.
According to the World Bank, Equatorial Guinea has the highest GNI per capita of any other Sub-Saharan country.
It is 83 times larger than the GNI per capita of Burundi which is the poorest country.
The Bubi, who constitute 15% of the population, are indigenous to Bioko Island.
The traditional demarcation line between Fang and 'Beach' ethnic groups was the village of Niefang , east of Bata.
A growing number of foreigners from neighboring Cameroon, Nigeria, and Gabon have immigrated to the nation.
Equatorial Guinea received Asians and black Africans from other countries as workers on cocoa and coffee plantations.
Equatorial Guinea has also been a destination for fortune-seeking European settlers from Britain, France and Germany.
Oil extraction since the 1990s has contributed to a doubling of the population in Malabo.
Some Equatorial Guinean communities are also found in Latin America, the United States, Portugal, and France.
For years, the official languages were Spanish and French, Portuguese also being adopted as an official language later.
67.6% of Equatorial Guineans can speak it, especially those living in the capital, Malabo.
The Annobonese ethnic community tried to gain membership in the Community of Portuguese Language Countries .
IILP secured land from the government for the construction of Portuguese language cultural centers in Bata and Malabo.
At its 10th summit in Dili in July 2014, Equatorial Guinea was admitted as a CPLP member.
The principal religion in Equatorial Guinea is Christianity, the faith of 93% of the population.
Their efforts resulted in a reduction in all-cause under-five mortality from 152 to 55 deaths per 1,000 live births .
In June 2014 four cases of polio were reported, the country's first outbreak of the disease.
The congress constituted the center of integration and the marriage of the Hispanic culture with African cultures.
BBC World Service, Radio France Internationale and Gabon-based Africa No 1 broadcast on FM in Malabo.
Equatorial Guinea ranks at position 161 out of 179 countries in the 2012 Reporters Without Borders press freedom index.
Most of the media companies practice heavy self-censorship, and are banned by law from criticising public figures.
Landline telephone penetration is low, with only two lines available for every 100 persons.
There is one GSM mobile telephone operator, with coverage of Malabo, Bata, and several mainland cities.
Pan-African styles like soukous and makossa are popular, as are reggae and rock and roll.
Acoustic guitar bands based on a Spanish model are the country's best-known indigenous popular tradition.
The country was also chosen to host the 2008 Women's African Football Championship, which they won.

At age 19, she worked as a topless dancer in Hollywood with two other future Russ Meyer stars, Haji and Tura Satana.
She first gained recognition for her part in the horror sequel ' , which became a moderate commercial success.
In February 2007, she married professional cyclist Antony Galvan, but the couple divorced in 2008.
She currently lives in Los Angeles, California with husband Davis Wilson, whom she married on June 29, 2012.
As a result, her profile was raised significantly and was voted #96 in 2001's Maxim Hot 100.
With the attention received at the time, Leerhsen continued receiving critical acclaim for her work in television.
The film received mixed response by critics and at the box office making $14,569,744 at the end of its theatrical run.
She is visited by a group of angels who try to guide her on a path away from her darker side.
The motion picture received mixed reviews from critics and had a strong opening in its limited release.


 Erika Amato Erika Amato is an American singer and actress and a founding member of the band Velvet Chain.
Amato was born in the city of Plainfield, New Jersey and grew up in nearby Mountainside.
After college, she moved to Los Angeles to pursue a career in radio and television.
She signed with a modeling agency and worked steadily in New York, Paris, Milan, and Los Angeles.
She has an older half-brother, Nick, and two younger twin brothers, Dane and Brando.
She has Icelandic, Swedish, Danish, Norwegian, Welsh, and Irish ancestry.
She portrayed the role of Julia Braverman-Graham, the youngest daughter of the Braverman family.
She will star alongside Kerry Washington, Greg Kinnear, Wendell Pierce, Eric Stonestreet, and Jennifer Hudson.
Also in 2015, she partnered with food company Lean Cuisine to launch their brand overhaul.
The two were married on September 5, 2015, in Palm Springs, California.
Eleniak attended Robert Fulton Junior High in Van Nuys, Los Angeles and graduated from Van Nuys High School.
As a result, Eleniak appeared in the July 1989 issue of the magazine in a pictorial with a nautical theme.
William McNamara, one of her co-stars in this film, also became her fiancé for a brief period.
At one point, she was underweight due to eating disorder and was once hospitalized because of laxative abuse.
Eleniak married Philip Goglia on May 22, 1998, but after just six months that marriage ended in divorce.
She wanted to leave Los Angeles for years and found commuting to and from Telluride, Colorado, difficult.
She has a diverse ethnicity, a mix of African American, Filipina, and Caucasian ancestry.
Raised by her mother Laura Ringor, Erika’s acting interest began at an early age during her high school years.
She attended Alameda High School in Alameda, California, and was slated to graduate in 1998 but instead opted for a GED.
In 2007, Thormahlen earned a Master's degree in Education in Arts & Humanities at New York University.
The puppet show also features a human cast including Simon Helberg, Jason Ritter and a guest interview with Maroon 5.
 Erin Brown Erin Brown is an American film actress, filmmaker, model and musician.
Brown has starred in over fifty low-budget films, under the names Sadie Lane and Misty Mundae.
This film had won an award for best short film at her college film festival.
Brown appeared as Mundae to greet fans at such shows as Fangoria's Weekend of Horrors and Chiller Theatre.
She was Miss Pre-Teen Virginia in 1991 and the first runner-up for Miss Junior America.
At age 16, she also won Overall Actor in the Actors, Models, Talent for Christ competition.
She was further selected into the Barton and Williams Dance Company, winning both company and individual awards.
She left college at age 19 to pursue a full-time acting career in Los Angeles.
She is best friends with Power Rangers co-star Jason Faunt since they met in 2001, while shooting the series. 
Chambers was born in Portland, Oregon, and received a BFA in acting from Brigham Young University.
This is what the episode is based on, finding this man's real killer.

Daniels was born Erin Cohen in St. Louis, Missouri, where she grew up.
She attended Clayton High School and Vassar College, graduating from the latter in 1995 after majoring in art.
She played the role of The Mother in director Matthew Mishory's debut feature, .
They are currently living in Los Angeles with their two children; a son born 2009 and a daughter born 2012. 

Gray was born on January 7, 1950, in Honolulu, Territory of Hawaii , the daughter of Diane and Daniel Gray.
Gray attended Redwood High School and then attended and graduated from Pacific Palisades High School.
She briefly attended college at UCLA, focusing on math, but she left school to pursue her career.
Within a few years Gray was considered one of the top models in New York City.
During this period, she worked as spokeswoman for several accounts including L'Oréal, Max Factor and Bloomingdale's.
She developed an interest in acting, so she moved to Los Angeles, California to pursue her Hollywood career.
Gray commented that she was aware of the sexiness of her uniform which was so tight that she had to be sewn into it.
She has also worked in commercials, including a 2010 spot for Pup-Peroni dog treats.
She met her first husband, Ken Schwartz, while they attended high school together.
In Denver, Colorado, Kelly played lead roles in several theatrical productions, including: Personal life.
After six months, she succeeded Stacie Morgain Lewis in the lead role of Glinda on October 24, 2006.
She starred opposite Kristy Cates and later, Dee Roscioli in the co-lead role of Elphaba.
She left the Chicago production on April 13, 2008 at the end of her contract, and was replaced by Kate Fahrner.
In 2009, she married former co-star Stanton Nash, who starred alongside her as Boq in Chicago.
She played her final performance as Glinda, to date, on January 10, 2010.
The suit claimed that cast members had not been paid for merchandising revenues owed under their contracts.
Each received a payment of $65,000 and a promise by CBS to continue honoring the terms of their contracts. 
Her promising career on the stage and screen was interrupted by severe injuries she sustained in a 1939 fire.
After extensive plastic surgery, O'Brien-Moore returned to the stage and resumed her career in films and television.
She took the role of Anna, while Betty Field played Rose, the role that O'Brien-Moore had created on the stage.
O'Brien-Moore was married to Mark Barron, drama editor of the Associated Press, in 1936.
O'Brien-Moore died of cancer on May 3, 1979, at the Motion Picture Country Hospital in Los Angeles. 
O'Brien has five children, two by her current husband, Kanan Awni, and three by her former husband, Jimmy Fitzgerald. 
She first started acting at the age of 9, after being discovered by an agent while selling Girl Scout cookies.
 Erin Wasson Erin Wasson is an American model, actress, occasional stylist, and designer.
 Eritrea Eritrea , officially the State of Eritrea, is a country in the Horn of Africa.
With its capital at Asmara, it is bordered by Sudan in the west, Ethiopia in the south, and Djibouti in the southeast.
The nation has a total area of approximately , and includes the Dahlak Archipelago and several of the Hanish Islands.
Eritrea is a multi-ethnic country, with nine recognized ethnic groups in its population of around six million.
In medieval times much of Eritrea fell under the Medri Bahri kingdom, with a smaller region being part of Hamasien.
In 1947 Eritrea became part of a federation with Ethiopia, the Federation of Ethiopia and Eritrea.
Eritrea is a member of the African Union, the United Nations, and IGAD, and is an observer in the Arab League.
Eritrea was annexed by Ethiopia in 1953 and an Eritrean Liberation Front formed in 1960.
During the last interglacial period, the Red Sea coast of Eritrea was occupied by early anatomically modern humans.
The tools are believed to have been used by early humans to harvest marine resources like clams and oysters.
Additionally, the Ona culture may have had connections with the ancient Land of Punt.
Dʿmt was a kingdom that encompassed most of Eritrea and the northern frontier of Ethiopia.
Given the presence of a massive temple complex, its capital was most likely at Yeha.
The realm developed irrigation schemes, used plows, grew millet, and made iron tools and weapons.
After the fall of Dʿmt in the 5th century BC, the plateau came to be dominated by smaller successor kingdoms.
The Aksumites erected a number of large stelae, which served a religious purpose in pre-Christian times.
One of these granite columns, the obelisk of Aksum, is the largest such structure in the world, standing at 90 feet.
It is also the alleged resting place of the Ark of the Covenant and the purported home of the Queen of Sheba.
Aksum was at the time ruled by Zoskales, who also governed the port of Adulis.
After the decline of Aksum, the Eritrean highlands were under the domain of Bahr Negash ruled by the Bahr Negus.
It was later renamed under Emperor Zara Yaqob as the domain of the Bahr Negash, the Medri Bahri .
With its capital at Debarwa, the state's main provinces were Hamasien, Serae and Akele Guzai.
That 16th century also marked the arrival of the Ottomans, who began making inroads in the Red Sea area.
However, they retained control over the seaboard until the establishment of Italian Eritrea in the late 1800s.
At the end of the 16th century, the Aussa Sultanate was established in the Denkel lowlands of Eritrea.
At some point after 1672, Aussa declined in conjunction with Imam Umar Din bin Adam's recorded ascension to the throne.
In 1734, the Afar leader Kedafu, head of the Mudaito clan, seized power and established the Mudaito Dynasty.
This marked the start of a new and more sophisticated polity that would last into the colonial period.
The boundaries of the present-day Eritrea nation state were established during the Scramble for Africa.
The area served as a coaling station along the shipping lanes introduced by the recently completed Suez Canal.
In 1888, the Italian administration launched its first development projects in the new colony.
The Eritrean Railway was completed to Saati in 1888, and reached Asmara in the highlands in 1911.
In 1939, there were around 2,198 factories and most of the employees were Eritrean citizens.
Eritrea was chosen by the Italian government to be the industrial center of Italian East Africa.
Through the 1941 Battle of Keren, the British expelled the Italians, and took over the administration of the country.
The British placed Eritrea under British military administration until Allied forces could determine its fate.
Arab states, seeing Eritrea as an extension of the Arab world, sought the establishment of an independent state.
In the United Nations, the debate over the fate of the former Italian colonies continued.
In 1958, a group of Eritreans based in Cairo founded the Eritrean Liberation Movement .
However, by 1962, the ELM had been discovered and destroyed by imperial authorities.
The EPLF seized power, established a one-party state along nationalist lines and banned further political activity.
Eritrea, at the southern end of the Red Sea, is the home of the fork in the rift.
The Dahlak Archipelago and its fishing grounds are situated off the sandy and arid coastline.
To the east of the highlands are the hot, arid coastal plains stretching down to the southeast of the country.
The highest point of the country, Emba Soira, is located in the center of Eritrea, at above sea level.
The coastline, along with another of coast around its more than 350 islands, will come under governmental protection.
There is also a small population of elephants that roam in some parts of the country.
In December 2001 a herd of about 30, including 10 juveniles, was observed in the vicinity of the Gash River.
It is estimated that there are around 100 elephants left in Eritrea, the most northerly of East Africa's elephants.
The National Assembly has 150 seats, of which 75 are occupied by the PFDJ.
National elections have been periodically scheduled and cancelled; none have ever been held in the country.
The Eritrean Defence Forces are now the official armed forces of the State of Eritrea.
Eritrea's military is one of the largest in Africa alongside those of Egypt, Algeria, and Morocco.
After regular service, reservists with skills, such as teachers, may be forced to work as professionals anywhere.
In a study of 200 escaped conscripts, the average service was 6.5 years, and some had served more than 12 years.
According to Human Rights Watch, the government's human rights record is considered among the worst in the world.
Human rights violations are allegedly frequently committed by the government or on behalf of the government.
All Eritreans between the ages of 18–40 must complete a mandatory national service, which includes military service.
They cite health concerns and individual freedom as being of primary concern when they say this.
Eritrea is a member of the United Nations, the African Union, and is an observing member of the Arab League.
The nation holds a seat on the United Nations' Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions .
The Eritrean government has since January 2011 appointed an envoy, Tesfa-Alem Tekle, to the AU.
The real GDP : $4.4 billion, and the annual growth rate :14%.
However, worker remittances from abroad are estimated to account for 32 percent of gross domestic product.
Eritrea has an extensive amount of resources such as copper, gold, granite, marble, and potash.
In 2011, Eritrea's GDP grew by 8.7 percent making it one of the fastest growing economies in the world.
GDP growth in 1999 fell to less than 1%, and GDP decreased by 8.2% in 2000.
The rail line has been restored between the port of Massawa and the capital Asmara, although services are sporadic.
In theory, the country has a national carrier, Eritrean Airlines, but services are intermittent.
Other Afroasiatic groups include the Rashaida, who represent about 2% of Eritrea's population.
They reside in the northern coastal lowlands of Eritrea as well as the eastern coasts of Sudan.
There are also a number of Nilotic ethnic minorities, who are represented in Eritrea by the Kunama and Nara.
Each ethnicity speaks a different native tongue but, typically, many of the minorities speak more than one language.
Most of the languages spoken in Eritrea stem from the Semitic branch of the Afroasiatic family.
Other Afroasiatic languages belonging to the Cushitic branch are also widely spoken in the country.
According to a study made by Pew Research Center, 63% adheres to Christianity and 36% adheres to Islam.
As of 2006, there was only one native adherent of Judaism, Sami Cohen, remaining in Eritrea.
Maternal mortality dropped by more than half from 1995 to 2002, although the figure is still high.
There are five levels of education in Eritrea: pre-primary, primary, middle, secondary, and post-secondary.
There are nearly 238,000 students in the primary, middle, and secondary levels of education.
Student-teacher ratios are high: 45 to 1 at the elementary level and 54 to 1 at the secondary level.
There are an average 63 students per classroom at the elementary level and 97 per classroom at the secondary level.
Illiteracy estimates for Eritrea range from around 40% to as high as 70%.
The culture of Eritrea has been largely shaped by the country's location on the Red Sea coast.
Coffee is offered when visiting friends, during festivities, or as a daily staple of life.
In the larger cities, most people dress in Western casual dress such as jeans, shirts.
In Muslim communities in the Eritrean lowland, the women traditionally dress in brightly colored clothes.
Only Rashaida women maintain a tradition of covering half of their faces, though they do not cover their hair.
Eritrea's various ethnic groups each have their own different styles of music and accompanying dances.
Traditional instruments of Eritrean folk music include the stringed krar, kebero, begena, masenqo and the wata .
In recent years, Eritrean athletes have also seen increasing success in the international arena.
Zersenay Tadese, an Eritrean athlete, currently holds the world record in half marathon distance running.
The Tour of Eritrea, a multi-stage international cycling event, is held annually throughout the country.
Six Eritrean riders have been signed to international cycling teams, including Natnael Berhane and Daniel Teklehaimanot.
In 2015 Teklehaimanot won the King of the Mountains classification in the Critérium du Dauphine.
Foldi, who now goes by Liz, became a born-again Christian and later left show business.
Eslanda Cardozo Goode was born in Washington, DC on December 15, 1895, mostly descended from Black slaves.
Her paternal great-grandfather was a Sephardic Jew whose family was expelled from Spain in the 17th century.
Her father, John Goode, was a law clerk in the War Department who later finished his law degree at Howard University.
Eslanda gave up her intentions to study medicine and supported her husband as his business manager.
Eslanda worked at the hospital until 1925, when the career of her husband took more and more of her time.
Robeson himself, who had provided no direct input, was “deeply angered” by it.
He resented that she put words into his mouth and depicted him as lazy, immature, and needy of her guidance.
Eslanda resumed her own career, taking acting parts in three movies over the next couple of years.
She made the first of three journeys to the continent, touring South and East Africa with her son in 1936.
With the signs of war imminent in Europe, the Robesons moved back to Harlem in 1938.
The book's publication was endorsed by Pearl Buck, whose husband was the head of the John Day publishing house.
With the development of the cold war, the life of the Robesons changed dramatically.
On July 17, 1953 Eslanda, like her husband, was called to testify before the US Senate.
Asked if she was a communist, she took the Fifth Amendment and challenged the legitimacy of the proceedings.
Once their passports had been returned to the Robesons, they flew to London and the Soviet Union.
Brody was born in New York City, and began her career as a dancer in vaudeville.
To Brody's great surprise, she found herself acclaimed as a new star by the British media.
When no new film offers were immediately forthcoming, she made the decision to try her luck in Hollywood.
In 1969, Brody and Fenn relocated to Malta, where they spent the remainder of their lives.
 Estelle Getty Estelle Getty was an American actress and comedienne, who appeared in film, television, and theatre.
In her later years, after retiring from acting, she battled Lewy body dementia.
Getty was born Estelle Scher in New York City, the daughter of Sarah and Charles Scher, Polish Jewish immigrants.
She further capitalized on her success by releasing an exercise video for senior citizens in 1993.
She was married to Arthur Gettleman from December 21, 1947 until his death in 2004.
The couple had two sons: Carl Gettleman, who lives in California, and Barry Gettleman, who lives in Florida.
In 2000, Getty stopped making public appearances after revealing she had Parkinson's disease and osteoporosis.
In 2008, the show was awarded the Pop Culture award at the Sixth Annual TV Land Awards.
In 2013, she played the mother of CBGB founder Hilly Kristal in the film CBGB.
Her mother, Ida LaBertha Barrett , was born in Easton, Pennsylvania, and later worked as a freelance makeup artist.
Estelle's younger sister, Helen Taylor , appeared as an extra in silent films.
By 1910, Taylor was living with her maternal grandparents, Charles Christopher Barrett and Ida Lauber.
This film was lost for decades, but has been recently discovered and screened at a film festival in Los Angeles.
She was supposed to have co-starred in a film with Rudolph Valentino, but he died just before production was to begin.
In 1953, Taylor served on the City Animal Regulation Commission in Los Angeles, California.
In America, she transferred to the acting stage and cultivated a career as an actress in summer stock.
Dale died in the summer of 1961 following surgery in Queen of Angels Hospital in Hollywood.
She had been married to writer and director Arthur J. Beckhard, who predeceased her by four months. 
She was often cast as an oversexed dowager, a decrepit old hag, and, occasionally, a glamorous society dame.
Esther Howard died of a heart attack in Hollywood, California on 8 March 1965, aged 72.
Muir was born in Andes, New York and began modeling in New York City while still a high school student.
Muir toured with the Marxes in a stage version where material was crafted and rehearsed prior to filming.
Muir described the Marx Brothers as diligent comic actors who sometimes worked days and weeks on a scene to perfect it.
Esther Muir died in 1995 at Northern Westchester Hospital in Mount Kisco, New York, aged 92.
 Esther Ralston Esther Ralston was an American film actress who was popular in the silent era.
Despite making a successful transition to sound, she was mainly relegated to supporting roles by the mid-1930s.
Ralston married radio announcer and columnist Ted Lloyd on August 6, 1939 in Greenwich, Connecticut.
The couple had two children, Judy and Ted, Jr. , before divorcing in 1954.
On January 14, 1994, Ralston died of a heart attack at age 91 in her home in Ventura, California.
She initially studied at Spelman College in Atlanta, but she moved to New York City.
For many years, Rolle worked in a traditional day job in New York City's garment district.
She was often cast in plays produced by Robert Hooks and the Negro Ensemble Company.
Rolle is best known for her television role as Florida Evans, the character she played on two 1970s sitcoms.
John Amos agreed with Rolle about Walker's character and was fired from the show after the third season ended.
Although the show continued without her for the fifth season, she returned for the show's final season.
In the 1990s, Rolle was a surprise guest on RuPaul's VH-1 talk show.
The two had not seen each other in years, Arthur said, and embraced warmly.
They had no children, but Oscar Robinson had a daughter, Sherley Mae Robinson, , by his first marriage.
A devout Methodist, Rolle requested that her funeral be held at Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church.
From 1945 to 1949, Williams had at least one film listed among the 20 highest grossing films of the year.
However, they ran out of money in Salt Lake City, Utah, and settled there.
Louis Williams purchased a small piece of land in the southwest area of town, and had a small house built there.
In 1935, Bula Myrtle Williams invited 16-year-old Buddy McClure to live with her family.
McClure had recently lost his mother and Bula was still grieving over the death of her son.
Bula Williams then banished him from her home, McClure joined the Coast Guard, and Williams never saw him again.
Her older sister, Maurine, took her to Manhattan Beach and to the local pool.
By age 16, Williams had won three US national championships in breaststroke and freestyle swimming.
In 1939, Williams expressed interest in pursuing a degree in physical education in order to teach it one day.
Despite this, Williams remained with the show until it closed on September 29, 1940.
At this point, Williams had achieved pin-up status because of the number of photographs of her in bathing suits.
Williams also invited GIs to dance with her on stage and take part in mock screen tests.
The men would receive a card telling them their lines, and they would act out the scene in front of the other soldiers.
The scenes would always end with the men giving in and kissing her after that stunt.
Three weeks after signing her contract, George Sidney directed Williams' first screen test.
However, Turner divorced Shaw after four months of marriage, and rejoined the film.
It was here she first worked with Van Johnson, with whom she would partner in five films.
Her date to the premiere at the Astor Theater in New York City was future husband Ben Gage.
Van Johnson co-starred as a decorated war veteran who falls in love with Williams while on her honeymoon.
Williams had to help Johnson swim, and she placed her hand under his back to keep him afloat.
Audiences, and Williams, thought the film was silly, as Williams and Montalbán had vastly different accents.
Many of the film's stuntmen were sent to the hospital after being gored by bulls.
Director Dick Thorpe hadn't wanted the bulls killed because he believed them to be too expensive to replace.
The song won the Academy Award for Best Original Song at the 22nd Academy Awards.
Williams co-starred with Victor Mature, who played Kellerman's husband and manager, James Sullivan.
His part had to be rewritten to persuade him to take part in the film.
She subsequently recovered, although she continued to suffer headaches as a result of the accident.
Her many hours spent submerged in a studio tank resulted in ruptured eardrums numerous times.
She also nearly drowned after not being able to find the trap door in the ceiling of a tank.
Williams was pulled out only because a member of the crew realized the door was not opening.
She was, however, still able to collect on the $50,000 signing bonus from when she first signed her contract.
She was also the namesake of a company that manufactures swimming pools and swimming pool accessories.
Williams met her fourth husband as a result of his calling her to coordinate her appearance.
In a 2007 interview with Diane Sawyer, Williams admitted she had recently suffered a stroke.
They were married in the San Francisco suburb of Los Altos on June 27, 1940.
She resided in Beverly Hills with actor husband Edward Bell, whom she married on October 24, 1994.
Esther Williams died in her sleep on June 6, 2013 from natural causes, in her Los Angeles home.
She left her hand and foot prints in front of the Grauman's Chinese Theatre on August 1, 1944.
Human settlement in Estonia became possible 11,000 to 13,000 years ago, when the ice from the last glacial era melted.
According to radiocarbon dating it was settled around 11,000 years ago at the beginning of the ninth millennium BC.
The end of the Bronze Age and the early Iron Age were marked by great cultural changes.
The most significant was the transition to farming, which has remained at the core of the economy and culture.
Due to this point, the Aestii are generally considered the ancestors of the later Baltic peoples.
In the first centuries AD, political and administrative subdivisions began to emerge in Estonia.
The king or other highest administrative official elder directed the defense of the local area.
In 1206, King Valdemar II and archbishop Andreas Sunonis led a raid on Ösel island .
The Kings of Denmark laid claim to Estonia as their possession, which was recognized by the Pope.
In 1346 the Duchy of Estonia was sold for 19,000 Köln marks to the Teutonic Order by the King of Denmark.
The shift of sovereignty from Denmark to the State of the Teutonic Order took place on 1 November 1346.
The Danish king gave the territory to his younger brother Magnus, who landed on Saaremaa with an army in 1560.
The whole of Saaremaa became a Danish possession in 1573, and remained so until it was transferred to Sweden in 1645.
For the subsequent centuries they remained the ruling elite in both cities and in the countryside.
The Reformation in Europe officially began in 1517 with Martin Luther and his 95 Theses.
Church services were now conducted in the vernacular instead of in Latin, previously used.
In 1632, a printing press and university were established in the city of Dorpat .
During the Great Famine of 1695–97 some 70,000 people perished – almost 20% of the population.
Among the leaders of the movement were Johann Voldemar Jannsen, Jakob Hurt and Carl Robert Jakobson.
The fate of Estonia in the Second World War was decided by the German–Soviet Nonaggression Pact and its of August 1939.
World War II casualties of Estonia are estimated as around 25% of the population.
On 12 June 1940, the order for a total military blockade on Estonia was given to the Soviet Baltic Fleet.
In the face of overwhelming Soviet force, the Estonian government capitulated on 17 June 1940 to avoid bloodshed.
On 6 August 1940, Estonia was annexed by the Soviet Union as the Estonian SSR.
Instead the vote to join the Soviet Union was taken by those elected in the elections held the previous month.
The repressions followed with the mass deportations carried out by the Soviets in Estonia on 14 June 1941.
Such countries recognised Estonian diplomats and consuls who still functioned in the name of their former governments.
Contemporary Russian politicians deny that the Republic of Estonia was illegally annexed by the Soviet Union in 1940.
The official Soviet and current Russian version claims that Estonians voluntarily gave up their statehood.
After Germany invaded the Soviet Union on 22 June 1941, the Wehrmacht crossed the Estonian southern border on 7 July.
At the end of July the Germans resumed their advance in Estonia working in tandem with the Estonian Forest Brothers.
Both German troops and Estonian partisans took Narva on 17 August and the Estonian capital Tallinn on 28 August.
After the Soviets were driven out from Estonia, German troops disarmed all the partisan groups.
Some Estonians, unwilling to side directly with the Nazis, joined the Finnish Army to fight against the Soviet Union.
It was hoped that by engaging in such a war Estonia would be able to attract Western support for Estonian independence.
More than 200,000 people are estimated to have been deported from the Baltic in 1940–1953.
More than 10% of the entire adult Baltic population was deported or sent to Soviet labour camps.
Half the deported perished, and the other half were not allowed to return until the early 1960s .
Large parts of the country, especially the coastal areas, were closed to all but the Soviet military.
A notable closed military installation was the city of Paldiski, which was entirely closed to all public access.
The Paldiski reactors building passed into Estonian control in 1994 after the last Russian troops left the country.
Estonia was among a group of ten countries admitted to the EU on 1 May 2004.
Estonia's land border with Latvia runs 267 kilometers; the Russian border runs 290 kilometers.
This territory, amounting to some , was incorporated into Russia by Stalin at the end of World War II.
A small, recent cluster of meteorite craters, the largest of which is called Kaali is found on Saaremaa, Estonia.
Snow cover, which is deepest in the south-eastern part of Estonia, usually lasts from mid-December to late March.
According to the WWF, the territory of Estonia belongs to the ecoregion of Sarmatic mixed forests.
Counties were again re-established on 1 January 1990 in the borders of the Soviet-era districts.
Each county is further divided into municipalities , which is also the smallest administrative subdivision of Estonia.
Municipalities range in size from Tallinn with 400,000 inhabitants to Ruhnu with as few as sixty.
As of March 2013, there are a total of 226 municipalities in Estonia, 33 of them being urban and 193 rural.
The former Prime Minister of Estonia, Andrus Ansip, is also Europe's longest-serving prime minister .
The Estonian political system operates under a framework laid out in the 1992 constitutional document.
The Riigikogu elects and appoints several high officials of the state, including the President of the Republic.
A member of the Riigikogu has the right to demand explanations from the Government of the Republic and its members.
The prime minister also has the right to appoint other ministers and assign them a subject to deal with.
Voters have a chance to invalidate their electronic vote in traditional elections, if they wish to.
In the first ever State of World Liberty Index report, Estonia was ranked first out of 159 countries.
The supreme judicial power is vested in the Supreme Court or Riigikohus, with nineteen justices.
The Chief Justice is appointed by the parliament for nine years on nomination by the president.
The president, however, does not use these rights very often, having a largely ceremonial role.
As in other spheres, Estonian law-making has been successfully integrated with the Information Age.
Estonia will hold the Presidency of the Council of the European Union in the first half of 2018.
Estonia has retained conscription unlike Latvia and Lithuania and has no plan to transition to a professional army.
In January 2011 the Baltic states were invited to join NORDEFCO, the defence framework of the Nordic countries.
The proposed aim of the e-military is to secure the vital infrastructure and e-infrastructure of Estonia.
The main cyber warfare facility is the Computer Emergency Response Team of Estonia , founded in 2006.
As a member of the European Union, Estonia is considered a high-income economy by the World Bank.
The country is ranked 11th in the 2014 Index of Economic Freedom, and the 4th freest economy in Europe.
Because of its rapid growth, Estonia has often been described as a Baltic Tiger beside Lithuania and Latvia.
Beginning 1 January 2011, Estonia adopted the euro and became the 17th eurozone member state.
Alternative energy sources such as wood, peat, and biomass make up approximately 9% of primary energy production.
Other organizations, such as the World Council of Churches, report that there are as many as 265,700 Estonian Lutherans.
The Estonian Apostolic Orthodox Church, under the Greek-Orthodox Ecumenical Patriarchate, claims another 20,000 members.
According to the census of 2000 , there were about 1,000 adherents of the Taara faith or Maausk in Estonia .
During the Reformation, Protestantism spread, and the Lutheran church was officially established in Estonia in 1686.
Historically, there has been another minority religion, Russian Old-believers, near Lake Peipus area in Tartu County.
The Gini coefficient has been steadily higher than the European Union average , although it has clearly dropped.
Modern Estonia is a multinational country in which 109 languages are spoken, according to a 2000 census.
67.3% of Estonian citizens speak Estonian as their native language, 29.7% Russian, and 3% speak other languages.
According to surveys, only 5% of the Russian community have considered returning to Russia in the near future.
When comparing the result with a survey from 2000, then Russians' attitude toward the future is much more positive.
The law was approved in October 2014 and will take into effect 1 January 2016.
The official language, Estonian, belongs to the Finnic branch of the Uralic languages.
In 1998, most first- and second-generation industrial immigrants from the former Soviet Union did not speak Estonian.
In the small Noarootsi Parish in Läänemaa there are 22 villages with bilingual Swedish and Estonian names.
The most common foreign languages learned by Estonian students are English, Russian, German and French.
The oldest university is the University of Tartu, established by the Swedish king Gustav II Adolf in 1632.
The education system is based on four levels: pre-school, basic, secondary, and higher education.
The Estonian education system consists of state, municipal, public, and private institutions.
Academic higher education in Estonia is divided into three levels: bachelor's, master's, and doctoral studies.
In some specialties the bachelor's and master's levels are integrated into one unit.
The Protestant work ethic remains a significant cultural staple, and free education is a highly prized institution.
In 2010, there were 245 museums in Estonia whose combined collections contain more than 10 million objects.
Apart from a few albeit remarkable exceptions, this archaic form has not been much employed in later times.
In modern times, Jaan Kross and Jaan Kaplinski are Estonia's best known and most translated writers.
The cinema of Estonia started in 1908 with the production of a newsreel about Swedish King Gustav V's visit to Tallinn.
Deregulation in the field of electronic media has brought radical changes compared to the beginning of the 1990s.
The Baltic News Service , founded in 1990, is a private regional news agency covering Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania.
Runic singing was widespread among Estonians until the 18th century, when rhythmic folk songs began to replace them.
Other instruments, including the fiddle, zither, concertina, and accordion are used to play polka or other dance music.
The kannel is a native instrument that is now again becoming more popular in Estonia.
The tradition of Estonian Song Festivals started at the height of the Estonian national awakening in 1869.
Since 1928, the Tallinn Song Festival Grounds have hosted the event every five years in July.
At the time of this writing, the most known Estonian composers are Arvo Pärt, Eduard Tubin, and Veljo Tormis.
In 2014, Arvo Pärt was the world's most performed living composer for the fourth year in a row.
In the 1950s, Estonian baritone Georg Ots rose to worldwide prominence as an opera singer.
Lenna Kuurmaa is a very popular singer in Europe, with her band Vanilla Ninja.
As of 2013, there are 12 public holidays and 12 national holidays celebrated annually.
The most typical foods in Estonia are black bread, pork, potatoes, and dairy products.
Hunting and fishing have also been very common, although currently hunting and fishing are enjoyed mostly as hobbies.
Traditionally in winter, jams, preserves, and pickles are brought to the table.
Estonian athletes took part of the Olympic Games until the country was annexed by the Soviet Union in 1940.
Estonia has won most of its medals in athletics, weightlifting, wrestling and cross-country skiing.
Estonia has had very good success at the Olympic games given the country's small population.
Kiiking, a relatively new sport, was invented in 1996 by Ado Kosk in Estonia.
Kiiking involves a modified swing in which the rider of the swing tries to go around 360 degrees.
Estonia national basketball team previously participated in 1936 Summer Olympics, appeared in EuroBasket four times.
Estonia national team also qualified to EuroBasket 2015, which will be held in Ukraine.
At the 2016 Bandy World Championship the national team will play in Division A for the first time.
 Ethel Barrymore Ethel Barrymore was an American actress and a member of the Barrymore family of actors.
Georgie did not recover and died in July 1893 a week before her 37th birthday.
Men everywhere were smitten with Ethel, most notably young Winston Churchill, who asked her to marry him.
Their “romance” was their own little secret until his son let the cat out of the bag 63 years after it happened.
She was also a strong supporter of the Actors' Equity Association and had a high-profile role in the 1919 strike.
Ethel Barrymore is a member of the American Theater Hall of Fame, along with her brothers, John and Lionel.
Her pretty brunette looks were reminiscent of the famous Gibson Girl drawings by Charles Dana Gibson.
Like many silent film actors Clayton's career was hurt by the coming of sound to motion pictures.
In 1931, Clayton obtained a California Superior Court order enjoining her former business partner, W.L.
Clayton and Rucker agreed to purchase a cosmetics business and the pearls had been entrusted to Rucker to raise money.
Rucker admitted to possessing the pearls but claimed they had been pledged as security for a $125 loan.
Clayton was first married to actor-director Joseph Kaufman until his death in 1918 in the Spanish Influenza epidemic.
She later married silent film actor and former star Ian Keith twice and they divorced twice.
Clayton and Keith were first married in Minneapolis in 1928 and first separated on January 13, 1931.
Ethel Clayton died on June 6, 1966 at St. John's Hospital in Oxnard, California, aged 83.
For her contributions to the motion picture industry, Ethel Clayton has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. 

Hall was accompanied in the boat by Wallace McDonald, who played villains in motion pictures.
The actors were supposed to be rescued by a group before they entered the foot of the rapids.
However Hall's head struck a rock and she was taken out of the water unconscious and soon expired.
The film's male lead, Tom Mix, was injured in a horseback accident just a few weeks earlier. 
 Ethel May Halls Ethel May Halls was an American film and theatre actress for nearly 70 years.
4 and William Cullen Bryant High School , where she pursued a commercial course that offered secretarial training.
At home she tried to emulate their singing styles, but her own distinctive voice was difficult to disguise.
After graduating from Bryant High School in 1924, Merman was hired as a stenographer by the Boyce-Ite Company.
During this period, Merman also began appearing in nightclubs, first hired by Jimmy Durante's partner Lou Clayton.
At this time, she decided the name Ethel Zimmermann was too long for a theater marquee.
She considered combining Ethel with Gardner or Hunter, which was her grandmother's maiden name.
She caught the attention of columnists such as Walter Winchell and Mark Hellinger, who began giving her publicity.
She also performed at the Central Park Casino, the Paramount Theatre, and a return engagement at the Palace.
She was replaced by Benay Venuta, with whom she enjoyed a long but frequently tempestuous friendship.
From the beginning, it was clear to Merman the film would not be the enjoyable experience she had hoped it would be.
The focus was shifted to Crosby, leaving her very much in a supporting role.
The couple eventually had two children and divorced in 1952 because of his excessive drinking and erratic behavior.
During that time, Merman took only two vacations and missed only two performances because of illness.
However, prior to the show's closing, it was announced that Rosalind Russell had been signed to star, instead.
In San Francisco, she severely injured her back, but continued to play to packed houses.
specifically for Merman's vocal range, but when he offered her the role, she declined it.
She finally joined the cast on March 28, 1970, six years after the production opened.
Merman received the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Performance for what proved to be her last appearance on Broadway.
For the remainder of her career, Merman worked as frequently as offers were made.
She also volunteered at St. Luke's-Roosevelt Hospital Center working in the gift shop or visiting patients.
Merman was known for her powerful, belting mezzo-soprano voice and precise enunciation and pitch.
Her first marriage was to theatrical agent William Smith, whom she married in 1940.
Ethel Levitt died on August 23, 1967, of a drug overdose that was ruled accidental.
Borgnine later told fellow actor Frank Wilson that he spent the majority of the short marriage arguing with Merman.
That's why they put rubbers on pencils, and that's what I did.
For instance, she once shouted a dirty joke across the room at José Ferrer during a formal reception.
Merman, a lifelong Republican, was a frequent guest at the Eisenhower White House.
, was published by Doubleday & Co. and written with the assistance of Pete Martin.
Merman began to become forgetful with advancing age, and on occasion, had difficulty with her speech.
Merman was taken to Roosevelt Hospital, where doctors initially thought she had suffered a stroke.
However, after undergoing exploratory surgery on April 11, Merman was diagnosed with stage 4 glioblastoma.
The tumor caused Merman to become aphasic and, as her illness progressed, she lost her hair and her face swelled.
Merman's health eventually stabilized enough for her to be brought back to her apartment in Manhattan.
Her son hired a healer who was able to reduce the size of Merman's tumor by a third.
However, Merman began to refuse to see the healer and her health began to decline.
On the evening of Merman's death, all 36 theatres on Broadway dimmed their lights at 9 pm in her honor.
Ethel Shannon was born in Denver, Colorado, the daughter of James Shannon and Agnes Knight.
Not long afterward, she was asked by a friend if she wanted to work as an extra in a movie and she readily said yes.
The couple then moved into a new home on Tuxedo Terrace in the Hollywood Hills.
'What,' I said to myself, 'would my public think of me if they knew I had really peeled the potatoes myself?'
Although it was announced a couple of times that Shannon was to marry again, she apparently never did.
Together with her mother, Augusta, and her brother, Jack, she and her family toured as the Pee Wee Minstrels.
The couple appeared in clubs across the country, and were regulars on Jack Benny Canada Dry Radio Show.
Subsequent work was difficult to find, and Shutta used alcohol to get herself through the rough spots.
Ethel Shutta died in 1976 in New York City in St. Clare's Hospital at the age of 79.

A favorite at the 1990 Three Stooges convention, Leopold died on January 26, 1998. 
It occupies a total area of , and its capital and largest city is Addis Ababa.
Tracing its roots to the 2nd millennium BC, Ethiopia was a monarchy for most of its history.
During the first centuries AD the Kingdom of Aksum maintained a unified civilization in the region.
Subsequently, many African nations adopted the colors of Ethiopia's flag following their independence.
It was the first independent African member of the 20th-century League of Nations and the United Nations.
A slight majority of the population adheres to Christianity , while around a third follows Islam .
The country is the site of the Hijrah to Abyssinia and the oldest Muslim settlement in Africa at Negash.
The country has begun to recover recently and now has the largest economy in East Africa and Central Africa.
According to Global Fire Power, Ethiopia has the 46th most powerful military in the world.
Pliny the Elder says the country's name comes from a son of Hephaestus named 'Aethiops'.
The earliest known modern human bones were found in Southwestern Ethiopia and are called the Omo remains.
Around the 8th century BC, a kingdom known as Dʿmt was established in northern Ethiopia and Eritrea.
However, Ge'ez, the ancient Semitic language of Ethiopia, is thought to have developed independently from Sabaean .
As early as 2000 BC, other Semitic speakers were living in Ethiopia and Eritrea, where Ge'ez developed.
After the fall of Dʿmt in the 4th century BC, the plateau came to be dominated by smaller successor kingdoms.
In the first century AD the Aksumite Empire emerged in what is now northern Ethiopia and Eritrea.
Aksum would later at times extend its rule into Yemen on the other side of the Red Sea.
Around 316 AD, Frumentius and his brother Edesius from Tyre accompanied their uncle on a voyage to Ethiopia.
They were given positions of trust by the monarch, and converted members of the royal court to Christianity.
According to other authors, Ashama may have been the same person as king Armah, or his father or son.
The Zagwe dynasty ruled many parts of present-day Ethiopia and Eritrea from approximately 1137 to 1270 AD.
In 1428, the Emperor Yeshaq sent two emissaries to Alfonso V of Aragon, who sent return emissaries.
The primary symbol of the Sultan was a silver baton, which was considered to have magical properties.
This trade helps lower food prices, increase food security, relieve border tensions and promote regional integration.
Furthermore, the government of Ethiopia is purportedly unhappy with lost tax revenue and foreign exchange revenues.
Additional small-scale export products include cereals, pulses, cotton, sugarcane, potatoes and hides.
The country also has large mineral resources and oil potential in some of the less inhabited regions.
When completed, it will provide surplus Energy in Ethiopia which will be available for export to neighboring countries.
Ethiopia has 681 km of railway, which mainly consists of the Addis Ababa – Djibouti Railway, with a narrow gauge.
Ethiopia's main health problems are said to be communicable diseases worsened by poor sanitation and malnutrition.
These problems are exacerbated by the shortage of trained doctors and nurses and health facilities.
As of 2012, Ethiopia's prevalence of HIV 95, and by 2008 her father's given name form the first name.
The most widely known is the Ethiopian calendar, also known as the Ge'ez calendar.
It is based on the older Alexandrian or Coptic calendar, which in turn derives from the Egyptian calendar.
The Ethiopian months begin on the same days as those of the Coptic calendar, but their names are in Ge'ez.
The Ethiopian day is reckoned as beginning at 6 AM as opposed to 12 AM, concurrently with sunrise throughout the year.
To convert between the Ethiopian clock and Western clocks, one must add 6 hours to the Western time.
This is not eaten with utensils, but instead one uses the injera to scoop up the entrées and side dishes.
Chechebsa , marqa, chukko, michirra and dhanga are the most popular dishes from the Oromo.
Kitfo , which originated from the Gurage is one of the widely accepted and favorite foods in Ethiopia.
It originated in Tigray Region and is now very popular in Amhara and spreading further south.
Ethiopian athletes have won many Olympic gold medals in track and field, most of them in long distance running.
Haile Gebrselassie is a world-renowned long distance runner with several world record in his belt.

In 1915, she married another prominent silent film actor of the time, Harry Benham.
She grew up in her hometown, and was educated at the Girls' Latin School in nearby Boston.
Ethyle began her stage career early when, at the age of 12, she performed at the Boston Museum .
By mid-1914, she had over 200 screen appearances, and her nickname on the set came to be known as 'Cookie'.
During this time at Thanhouser, she spent one year starring in lead roles with Florence LaBadie.
 Eugenia Clinchard Eugenia M. Clinchard was an American child actress in the early 20th century.
In her late teens, she met and married a shipping company owner, Walter G Pearch.
Paul departed Warner Bros. and signed with 20th Century Fox as an actor in 1955.
She was survived by her husband, Bob Strauss, two daughters, one son, and three grandchildren. 
The jewelry retailer Me & Ro created a special edition hair ornament inspired by Eugenia's character in the movie.
She was left an orphan and escaped from her guardians at the age of twelve.
She came to New York City and arrived at Grand Central Station with only 25 cents in her pocket.
Besserer's initial theatrical experience came with McKee Rankin when the producer had for a star, Nance O'Neill.
The actress came to Hollywood in 1910 when films were just starting to be made there.
She shared a home with her husband, Albert W. Hegger, an art dealer, from the time she came to Los Angeles.
Eugenie Besserer died in 1934, aged 65, from a heart attack at her home.

 Eulalie Jensen Eulalie Jensen was an American actress on the New York stage and in silent films.
At this time, Miss Jensen was completely unknown, but this was the beginning of her film career.
She was selected as the model for the decorative design of the St. Louis, Missouri exposition in 1904.
The European City of Culture programme was launched in the summer of 1985 with Athens being the first title-holder.
ACES is a private company, and has no organic link with the European Union.
The following cities were at one point or will be the European Capital of Sport: 
The European Youth Capital is an initiative by the European Youth Forum, and the first capital was chosen in 2009.
Tourism and increased international prestige are some of the additional benefits of being named European Youth Capital.
Since 2009, there have been seven European Youth Capitals, and the selections for 2016 and 2017 have been announced: 
 European microstates The European microstates are a set of very small sovereign states in Europe.
The European microstates are all of limited size and population, and have limited natural resources.
Unlike the Holy See, which is sovereign over the Vatican City, the Order has no territory.
It issues its own stamps, coins, passports, and license plates, and has its own military.
The wars of the French Revolution and the Napoleonic Wars caused the European map to be redrawn several times.
Amurri was born in New York City to Italian director Franco Amurri and American actress Susan Sarandon.
Amurri married former Major League Soccer player and current NBC Sports broadcaster Kyle Martino on October 29, 2011.
 Eva Condon Eva Condon was an actress of the Broadway stage and vaudeville, from the early to mid 20th century.
Condon graduated from Hunter College before becoming an understudy in the John Drew Jr. company for several seasons.
Written by Frank Craven, the comedy featured its author in the part of the home builder.
The play was written by Charles Klein who was once in the British Army and helped protect Westminster Abbey.
Clarence Oliver headed a cast which was replete with some of Broadway's best actors.
She was also a successful businessperson, marketing wigs, clothing, and beauty products.
Her elder sisters, Zsa Zsa and Magda Gabor, were also actresses and socialites.
She was the youngest of three daughters of Vilmos Gábor , a soldier, and his wife Jolie , a jeweler.
Through the rest of the 1950s and early 1960s, she appeared on television and in movies.
Gabor toured post-communist Hungary on an episode of Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous after a forty-year absence.
Her funeral was held on July 11, 1995 at Good Shepherd Catholic Church in Beverly Hills.
Sister Magda and mother Jolie Gabor both died two years later, in 1997. , Zsa Zsa is still alive.
LaRue began acting at the age of six and was later a teenage beauty queen.
She won Danfranc Productions Miss California Empire 1984 title at the state pageant held in Irvine, California.
She will be playing the character of Teri Tanner, the vivacious wife of Danny Tanner.
3 on the poster released by the Los Angeles Police Department to find living victims.
Bradford would photograph women he met in bars under the guise that he would assist their modeling careers.
 Eva Longoria Eva Jacqueline Longoria is an American actress, producer, director, activist and businesswoman.
Longoria is also known for her charity work and was named as the Philanthropist of the year by The Hollywood Reporter.
She married actor Tyler Christopher in 2002, and the pair were divorced by 2004.
She married French basketballer Tony Parker in 2007; however, the pair divorced in 2011.
Longoria received her Bachelor of Science degree in kinesiology at nearby Texas A&M University-Kingsville.
During this time, she won the title of Miss Corpus Christi, USA in 1998.
In the 2000s, Longoria appeared in several high-profile advertising campaigns and numerous men's magazines, reaching No.
Longoria continues to be included in lists of Hollywood's Most Beautiful and was listed No.
In January 2007, Longoria was chosen to be the first face of Bebe Sport.
In 2012, she was one of seven Californians named to the post of co-chair of Barack Obama's re-election campaign.
In May 2014, she initiated the Latino Victory Project to raise funds for candidates.
Saint was born in Newark, New Jersey, to Eva Marie and John Merle Saint.
She attended Bethlehem Central High School in Delmar, New York, near Albany, graduating in 1942.
In the late 1940s, Saint continued to make her living by extensive work in radio and television.
The film ranks number forty on the American Film Institute's list of the 100 Greatest American Movies of All Time.
I wanted her dressed like a kept woman - smart, simple, subtle and quiet.
Although she is seemingly a hard, designing type, she also emerges both the sweet heroine and a glamorous charmer.
Hitchcock said, 'I don't want you to do a sink-to-sink movie again, ever.
Women go to the movies, and they've just left the sink at home.
In the 1960s, Saint continued to distinguish herself in both high-profile and offbeat pictures.
Based upon a novel by James Leo Herlihy and a screenplay by William Inge, the film was directed by John Frankenheimer.
She was presented one of the Golden Boot Awards in 2007 for her contributions to western cinema.
Saint has appeared in a number of television specials and documentaries, particularly since 2000.
In 2009, she made a rare public appearance at the 81st Academy Awards ceremony as a Best Supporting Actress presenter.
Saint and Osborne participated in meet-and-greet sessions as well as a pre-movie question and answer session.
She appeared in over 150 films — many of them Westerns — between 1915 and 1944.
McKenzie was the mother of the actresses Ida Mae McKenzie, Ella McKenzie and Fay McKenzie. 
 Eva Novak Eva Barbara Novak was an American film actress, who was quite popular during the silent film era.
She was the younger sister of actress Jane Novak and daughter of Joseph, an immigrant from Bohemia, and Barbara Novak.
In 1921, she married stuntman William Reed, whom she met while on location for a film.
She was interested in stunt performing herself, having been taught by Mix to perform many of her own stunts.
 Eva Puck Eva Puck was a vaudeville headliner who later found success performing in Broadway musical comedies.
She was born in New York City, the middle of three children raised by Abraham and Lena Puck.
There is some question about the family surname being Puck or Salmon, both were used in early press articles.
Little is known of her mother who came to America from Poland in 1874 or her English father who immigrated in 1882.
The three were later brought to trial in the Court of Special Sessions, and found guilty.
He later married Mable Withee, a singer and dancer active on Broadway over the 1920s.
One of their popular vaudeville sketches portrayed White as a scholarly music teacher and Eva as his inept student.
In 1932, the two reprised their roles in the first Broadway revival of the show.
In the mid 1930s Eva Puck married Robert Groves , a California merchant, and retired from the stage.
Eva Puck died in 1979, aged 86, at the Granada Hills Community Hospital in Los Angeles.
A resident of Pacific Palisades, she died after an extended illness on July 17, 1972. 
 Evalyn Knapp Evalyn Knapp was an American film actress of the late 1920s, 1930s and into the 1940s.
Knapp was born in 1906 in Kansas City, Missouri, as Evelyn Pauline Knapp.
Knapp died from undisclosed causes on June 12, 1981, five days before her 75th birthday, in Los Angeles, California. 
In 2012, she married English actor Jamie Bell, with whom she has one son.
Her mother, Sara Lynn Moore , is an actress, director, and acting coach.
The film won the Children's Jury Award at the Chicago International Children's Film Festival.
For that role, she was nominated for Best Leading Young Actress at the Young Artist Awards.
Wood was awarded the 2007 Cannes Film Festival Chopard Trophy for Female Revelation for her performance.
Wood stated that she intended the film to be the last one in which she played a teenager.
Two portraits of Wood, painted by Manson, have been exhibited at the Celebritarian Corporation Gallery of Fine Art.
They later re-united and it was reported in early January 2010 that the couple was engaged to be married.
In May 2014, Wood and Bell announced that they had separated after 19 months of marriage.
She played a wisecracking showgirl who becomes a rival to the film's star, singer Belle Baker.
In addition to her Academy Award nomination, Arden has two stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame: Radio and Television .
She is interred in the Westwood Village Memorial Park Cemetery, Westwood, Los Angeles, California.


 Eve McVeagh Eve McVeagh was an American actress of film, television, stage, and radio.
Her career spanned 52 years from her first stage role through her last stage appearance.
After this stage work, McVeagh traveled back to her home base in Los Angeles.
In Hollywood, her final role was as a member of a lesbian couple in 1989 concluding an over 50 year stage career.
McVeagh was an acting and voice coach at the Film Actors Workshop at Warner Brothers Studios.
Additionally, she taught privately and guest lectured at the University of Southern California in the School of Theatre.
 Eve Meyer Eve Meyer was an American pin-up model, motion picture actress, and film producer.
She was killed in the Tenerife airport disaster in 1977, the worst aviation accident in history.
Plumb was a young child when her acting career began in TV commercials in 1966.
Much was made of her absence, including accusations that she no longer wanted to be associated with the Bradys.
The show aired on ABC in its first season and moved to CBS for its second season.
The American New York City-based alternative rock band Eve's Plum derived its name from the actress.

While attending a normal school in New York she visited the World Film Studio in Fort Lee, New Jersey.
Two days later she was working there as an extra making $3 a day.
As Evelyn Brent, she continued to work in film, developing into a young woman whose sultry looks were much sought after.
The actress remained in England for four years, performing in films produced by British companies.
There, her career received a major boost the following year when she was chosen as one of the WAMPAS Baby Stars.
Douglas Fairbanks Sr. signed her but failed to find a story for her; she left his company to join Associated Authors.
Later that same year, she starred opposite William Powell in Paramount Pictures' first talkie.
She was cremated and interred in the San Fernando Mission Cemetery in Mission Hills, California.
Born in The Bronx, New York City, Dall began her career in short films and in supporting roles on Broadway.
In 1946, she returned to the United States where she married and raised a daughter and son.
Widowed in 1974, Dall moved to Jupiter, Florida, in 1980, then to Arizona in 2002.
After suffering a broken hip due to a fall in 2006, Dall moved to a nursing home to recuperate.
In early 2007, Dall suffered a heart attack; she also had ongoing arthritis and dementia.
She died on March 10, 2010 in Phoenix, Arizona, after an extended illness, aged 92.
She died of heart failure on April 7, 1989, in Big Bear City, California, at the age of 73. 
Retired from acting, Guerrero and Morita lived in Las Vegas, Nevada following their marriage in 1994. 
Later the body was taken to the county hospital in West Chester, Pennsylvania for an autopsy.
Rogers was the son of a deceased millionaire, Colonel Henry Huddleston Rogers, a former Standard Oil executive.
The residuary estate was left for the wife, daughter, and daughter's son to share equally.
Henry H. Rogers III was excluded from the provisions of his father's will through the careful wording of lawyers.
He lived on $500,000 annually from a trust fund provided by his father's will.
The income was to go to him during his lifetime but would return to the estate when he died.
He found work in a Cleveland, Ohio machine shop, working for twenty five cents an hour.
He wanted to become an engineer and aspired to complete his education in Oxford, England.
He was estranged from his wife, the former Miss Virginia Lincoln, a physician's daughter from Cleveland.
After asking for a grand jury he said he did not know whether any new evidence had been found.
A jury of eighteen men and four housewives convened in West Chester on November 12, 1935.
Among the witnesses was Hoey's singing coach, Victor Andoga, of New York City.
She asked him to test her voice when she returned from a trip to Bermuda in 1934.
Hoey disclosed to Andoga that she took the trip with the idea of slipping off the ship overboard, but lost her nerve.
They asserted that members of the coroner's jury were too intimately associated with news reporters.
Grand jury members denied there was criminal interference with any juryman or the deputy coroner. 
As a teenager, Keyes took dancing lessons and performed for local clubs such as the Daughters of the Confederacy.
A chorus girl by age 18, Keyes was put under contract by Cecil B. DeMille.
She spent most of the early 1940s playing leads in many of Columbia's B dramas and mysteries.
She was married to Barton Oliver Bainbridge Sr. from 1938 until his death from suicide in 1940.
Later, she married and divorced director Charles Vidor , actor/director John Huston , and bandleader Artie Shaw .
In 1923 the actress was found dead in a gas-filled room by her mother, Mrs. Georgia P. Nelson.
The body was found after the mother returned from a visit to her son-in-law Charles L. King.
The star of Hollywood comedies had not been seen for days and it was presumed she had been dead for some time.
 Evelyn Peirce Evelyn Peirce was an American film actress during the silent film era, and into the 1930s.
From 1927 through 1931 Peirce starred in seven films, two of which were uncredited.
She married actor Robert Allen, and although he continued to act well into the 1980s, Peirce retired from acting.
Allen and Peirce settled in Oyster Bay, New York, where they were residing at the time of her death at age 52 in 1960. 
Born Evelyn Jarvis in Vicksburg, Mississippi, she migrated with her mother to Chicago after her father died prematurely.
Micheaux promoted Preer as his leading actress with a steady tour of personal appearances and a publicity campaign.
It is the only known surviving Micheaux film to feature her, although she appeared in more of his works.
This was the first dramatic play by an African-American playwright to be produced on Broadway.
She rejoined the Lafayette Players for that production in their first show in Los Angeles at the Lincoln Center.
Preer met her husband Edward Thompson when they were both acting with the Lafayette Players in Chicago.
In April 1932, Preer gave birth to her only child, daughter Edeve Thompson.
 Evelyn Rudie Evelyn Rudie is a playwright, director, songwriter, film and television actress and teacher.
Miss Rudie danced a waltz with her fellow contestant and told a joke in the German language.
Over a 36-year span, she has given more than 10,000 stage performances in 350 plays.
Rudie's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame is located at the corner of Hollywood and Highland.
 Evelyn Selbie Evelyn Selbie was a stage actress and performer in both silent and sound films.
Born in Louisville, Kentucky, as a young woman Selbie was a sidesaddle rider.
Then she ventured west where she tenured eighteen months at the old Central Theatre in San Francisco, California.
This was followed by a season in stock in San Diego, California and then a long one in Alaska with T.D.
Selbie began her motion picture career in 1912 as the leading lady of Broncho Billy Anderson.
Evelyn Selbie died at the Motion Picture Country Hospital in Los Angeles, California in 1950.
She was still going strong in her career at the time of her sudden death in 1958 at age 65. 
She was the original model for the personification of Columbia in the Columbia Pictures logo.
For her work in motion pictures, Venable has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 1500 Vine Street.
Evelyn Venable was born in Cincinnati, Ohio, the only child of Emerson and Dolores Venable.
She graduated from Walnut Hills High School , where her father and grandfather William Henry Venable taught English.
She attended Vassar College for a short time before returning to the University of Cincinnati.
During a performance in Los Angeles, she was recognized and offered several film contracts.
After initially turning down the offers, she signed a contract with Paramount in 1932.
Her contract was unique in that she would not have to cut her hair, pose for leg art, or perform in bit parts.
In 1943 Venable retired from acting so that she could spend time with her family.
She died of cancer in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho, on November 15, 1993, aged 80 and was cremated. 
Carradine played volleyball and skied during her time at Lewis & Clark College in Portland, Oregon.
She started as an anthropology major, later following her family by switching to a theater major midway through college.
Carradine and husband Coby Brown welcomed a daughter, Chaplin Haddow Brown, on August 9, 2010.
In 2008, she was an official festival judge at the 2nd Annual Noor Iranian Film Festival. 

They then moved to Vancouver, British Columbia, where she began acting at age six.
Balk has stated that her father is of Romani and Cherokee ancestry, and that her mother is of Irish and French descent.
Fairuza chose the song “Nuages” by Django Reinhardt and created a 16″ x 20″ x 12″, mixed media sculpture.
During her career, she used bubbles, flowers and fans in her nude dance routines.
At the time, indecent exposure laws prohibited dancers from moving while appearing nude onstage.
Although the show underwent some changes after the raid, Bacon continued to perform the fan dance.
In August 1930, a grand jury decided against indicting Bacon, Carroll and her fellow cast members.
After appearing at the World's Fair in 1933, Bacon's career began to decline.
The cuts left her thighs scarred and she later sued the Lake Theater Corporation for $100,000 in damages.
Throughout the 1940s, Bacon continued to perform her act at various clubs and venues throughout the United States.
In 1948, she sued a carnival promoter whom she accused of putting tacks on the stage which she was dancing on barefoot.
By the mid-1950s, Bacon was unable to secure employment and was out of money.
Off to one side in the alley, in the shadows, stood what we would now call a bag lady.
We started past her when my wife pulled up short and said, 'My God, Faith?'
By 1956, Bacon was living in Erie, Pennsylvania but decided to travel to Chicago to find work.
Upon arriving, she checked into a hotel and looked for work but could not find any.
At the time of her death, Bacon had no money and was estranged from her husband, songwriter Sanford Hunt Dickinson.
Dane was a candidate for the Virgin Islands Legislature in 1964 on an arts support based platform.
She raised funds for various school art programs there, including St. Dunstan's Episcopal High School.
In 2002, she ran in the Democratic primary for Mayor, and received 1,084 votes.
She ran for Mayor again in 2014, winning the Statehood Green primary with 47%, again with only write-in opposition.
Born in New Orleans, Domergue was adopted by Adabelle Wemet when she was six weeks old.
While recuperating from the accident, she attended a party aboard Howard Hughes's yacht.
She began traveling to Rome, Italy, in 1952, and lived there for extended periods.
That same year, she married director Hugo Fregonese with whom she had two children, Diana Maria and John Anthony.
In 1966, she married Paolo Cossa, with whom she remained until his death in 1992.
 Faith Fay Faith Fay is an American actress who has starred in movies and television shows.
She moved to Manhattan at the age of 17 and began to model and find commercial work.
After a ten-year run, the series ended, and Ford immediately pursued other TV endeavors.
In June 2009, she spoke about her series and the future of digital programming at the Digital Content NewFront.
Ford played the role of Kitty Prescott, the mother of main character Nova Prescott, played by Aimee Teegarden.
Ford's sister, Devon O'Day, hosts country radio programs, owns a media company, and is an author.
Currently active in Hong Kong's entertainment industry, she was previously signed under Television Broadcasts Limited .
During her college term breaks, Chen took part in a couple of pageants as a means to pay for her tuition fees.
The final episode of the series received an average of 47 rating points and peaked at 50 points.
She played the role of Sam Yuet Kan, a junior barrister with a tough personality.
This is the first time that Gordon Lam has gone fully nude in a film.
Within a week from the launch of her album, it had climbed up to first place on HMV's 'Asian Album Top Sales Chart'.
 Fannie Flagg Patricia Neal , known professionally as Fannie Flagg, is an American actress, comedian and author.
In 1980, after the deaths of her parents, she decided to pursue writing full time.
It is about the unlikely bonds forged between women who seemingly have nothing in common except restlessness.
In 1898, however, she married a wealthy diamond merchant and retired from the stage.
The film was a sensation, thanks to its mingling of racial and sexual themes.
The movie launched the careers of both DeMille and Hayakawa, who became Hollywood's first Asian star.
On January 25, 1952, Ward was found unconscious in her Park Avenue apartment following a stroke.
 Fanny Cogan Fanny Cogan was a stage and film actress of the silent movie era from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
 Fanny Midgley Fanny Midgley was an American film actress of Hollywood's early years, mostly in silent films.
She had another three film roles in 1912 and 1913, then in 1914 her career took off.
From 1915 through 1919 she would appear in another thirty two films, mostly in supporting roles.
Fanny Midgley died unexpectedly at the age of 52 on January 4, 1932, in Hollywood. 
After appearing in only the first season, Fawcett decided to leave the show which led to legal disputes.
Eventually she signed a contract requiring her to make six guest appearances in the show's third and fourth seasons .
She was subsequently cast in the 1986 film version and received a Golden Globe nomination.
For her work as a producer on the documentary, she posthumously earned her fourth Emmy nomination.
For three years , she attended the University of Texas at Austin, studying art.
David Mirisch, a Hollywood agent, called her and urged her to come to Los Angeles.
Upon arriving in Hollywood in 1968, she was signed to a $350-a-week contract with Screen Gems.
According to friend Nels Van Patten, Fawcett styled her own hair and did her makeup without the aid of a mirror.
The resulting poster, of Fawcett in a one-piece red bathing suit, is the best-selling poster in history.
She and her husband, television star Lee Majors, were frequent tennis partners with producer Aaron Spelling.
Iterations of her hair style predominated among American women's hairstyles well into the 1980s.
Numerous explanations for Fawcett's precipitous withdrawal from the show were offered over the years.
Replacing Susan Sarandon, she was a would-be rape victim who turns the tables on her attacker.
Police removed the man and were able only to issue a summons for disorderly conduct.
She received an Independent Spirit Award nomination as Best Actress for the film, which was highly critically acclaimed.
The sculpture was also presented in a series of photographs and a book by Rizzoli.
Fawcett was married to Majors from 1973 to 1982, although the couple separated in 1979.
During her marriage, she was known and credited in her roles as Farrah Fawcett-Majors.
The relationship produced a son, Redmond James Fawcett O'Neal, born January 30, 1985, in Los Angeles.
Though the Letterman appearance spawned speculation and several jokes at her expense, she returned to the show in 1999.
Fawcett's elder sister, Diane Fawcett Walls, died from lung cancer just before her 63rd birthday, on October 16, 2001.
Pauline Fawcett died soon after her daughter, on March 4, 2005, at the age of 91.
Fawcett was diagnosed with anal cancer in 2006 and began treatment, including chemotherapy and surgery.
Four months later, on her 60th birthday, the Associated Press reported that Fawcett was, at that point, cancer-free.
In May 2007, Fawcett brought a small digital video camera to document a doctor's office visit.
There, she was told a malignant polyp was found where she had been treated for the initial cancer.
The suit and the poster are expected to go on temporary display sometime in 2011–12.
The famous poster of Farrah in a red swimsuit has been produced as a Barbie doll.
The limited edition dolls, complete with a gold chain and the girl-next-door locks, were purchased by Barbie fans.
Songwriter Jim Weatherly phoned Majors, who was a friend, and the call was answered by Fawcett.
The recording by Gladys Knight & the Pips attained the number 1 position on the Billboard chart in 1973.
The portraits were later loaned by Fawcett to the Andy Warhol Museum for a temporary period.
The portrait was valued between US$800,000 and US$12 million during the hearing of the court case. 
Chambers was born in Florida and began dancing when she was only three years old.
There she studied with and was a member of the Atrium Dance Company directed by Christine Grogis.
Chambers is the wife of Fonzworth Bentley, Sean Combs's former personal assistant and host of MTV's From G's to Gents.
They have a daughter, Zoie Alecia Watkins born on August 30, 2013 at St. Joseph’s Medical Center in Los Angeles.
And Destiny's Child Say My Name and Jennifer Lopez's video Feelin' So Good as a dancer. 
She was born in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of Charles F. Bainter and Mary Okell.
Since then, only nine other actors have won dual nominations in a single year.
She has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 7021 Hollywood Boulevard in Hollywood Personal life.
Fay Bainter and Reginald Venable married on June 8, 1921, in Riverside, California.
Fay Schwager's career began in New York with roles on Broadway in the early 1940s.
While the part was minor, she told her daughter that Hitchcock made her stay on the set for the entire film shoot.
The director felt that since he was paying her salary, she should be standing by at all times.
She claimed she had had a larger role in the film but that much of her work ended up on the cutting room floor.
Baker married writer/producer Arthur Weiss on August 3, 1940, in New York City.
They had two children, her son Jonathan being born in 1950, before divorcing in 1965.
She lost her 15-year battle with breast cancer on December 8, 1987, at age 70. 
Born in Bakersfield, California, she appeared in about 65 films between 1936 and 1946.
 Fay Holderness Fay Holderness was a vaudeville performer and film actress from Oconto, Wisconsin.
The family left Wisconsin in the late 1880s, later living in Ohio, Michigan, and Illinois.
Other actors in the movie are Lillian Gish, Dorothy Gish, Kate Bruce, and George Fawcett.

His company included such actors as Broncho Billy Anderson, Ben Turpin, and Victor Potel.
The film was a major financial success, and she received a lot of fan mail as a result.
She later remembered: During World War II, McKenzie left Republic Pictures to work in theater and pursue other projects.
Her second marriage to the screenwriter Tom Waldman lasted from 1948 to his death on July 23, 1985.
They had two children: the actor Tom Waldman Jr. and the writer Madora McKenzie. 
She began living alone in her English teacher's attic at the age of 14.
The teacher had a daughter who was affiliated with an acting stock company in Maryland.
At sixteen, Miss Spain was in New York City, residing in an $8-a-week room on the Upper West Side.
She worked in a tie shop where she became acquainted with an associate of Walter Winchell.
The gossip writer mentioned her name in a column and Spain received a call from Columbia Pictures.
She accepted any parts which came along, learning the techniques of the acting trade.
Spain had a five-year-old son from a previous marriage who lived with her in California.
 Fay Tincher Fay Tincher was an American comic actress in motion pictures of the silent film era.
In August of that year she may have married fellow actor, Ned Buckley, on a dare.
She asked him to obtain a divorce if he learned that she was truly wed.
The agent gave her his card and said he wanted director D.W. Griffith to see her.
Within three weeks she began to play comedy, at first slapstick, and later comedy drama.
However she has trouble convincing the fight veteran that he is not really in a pugilistic contest.
Griffith staged a presentation of comic bull fights, massive floats, theatrical comedy, and drama, in July 1915.
Tincher played a dramatic part in a comedy on the final day of the event.
The series numbered around forty-five films and was produced by Universal Pictures and Samuel Von Honkel.
Her husband, Captain Dick, was a member of the New York Cotton Exchange.
In May 1915 Tincher won a bathing suit contest at Venice Beach, California with a first prize of $50.
In 1918 she roomed with scenario writer, Maie B. Havey, in a small bungalow.
Fay Tincher died of a heart attack in Brooklyn, New York in 1983 at the age of 99. 
Through an acting career that spanned 57 years, Wray attained international renown as an actress in horror movie roles.
This led to Wray being contracted to Paramount Pictures as a teenager, where she made more than a dozen movies.
She was at the time under contract to Universal Studios, mostly co-starring in low budget westerns opposite Buck Jones.
However, her greatest known films were produced under her deal with RKO Radio Pictures, Inc..
She continued to star in various films, but by the early 1940s, her appearances became less frequent.
Natalie Wood and Robert Hyatt played their children, Ann and Junior Morrison, respectively.
In 1991, she was crowned Queen of the Beaux Arts Ball presiding with King Herbert Huncke.
She met with Naomi Watts, who was to play the role of Ann Darrow.
Two days after her death, the lights of the Empire State Building were extinguished for 15 minutes in her memory.
She received a star posthumously on Canada's Walk of Fame in Toronto on June 5, 2005.
A large oil portrait of Wray by Alberta artist Neil Boyle is on display in the Empress Theatre in Fort Macleod, Alberta.
In 2011, the government of France made her an Officer of the Order of Arts and Letters.
In 1962, at the age of 21, she took acting classes at the American National Theater and Academy.
Director Arthur Penn became convinced that Dunaway was the right choice for the role, and managed to convince Beatty.
The film, though controversial, was a smash hit, and elevated Dunaway to stardom.
But Dunaway won the BAFTA Award for Best Newcomer and was now among the most bankable actresses in Hollywood.
The film also starred David Niven and was a comedy adventure set during World War II.
The film was screened for critics, who hated it, and the studio withheld general release for two years.
The film starred Michael York, Oliver Reed, Richard Chamberlain, Raquel Welch, and Dunaway in the leading roles.
Two weeks after the filming started, the two had a confrontation that became notorious.
Polanski pulled one of Dunaway's hairs out of her head, without telling her, because it was catching the light.
It made back its budget almost five times, and received 11 Academy Award nominations.
Dunaway received a second Best Actress nomination, and also received a Golden Globe nomination and a BAFTA nomination.
The film became the highest-grossing film of the year, further cementing Dunaway as a top actress in Hollywood.
Also in 1974, Dunaway married Peter Wolf, who was the lead singer of the rock group The J. Geils Band.
She pursued the role over the objections of her husband, Peter Wolf, and her confidant, the playwright William Alfred.
Vanessa Redgrave took on the role of Julia and won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.
Dunaway wanted to tell the truth and show what it was like to be a star in Hollywood.
Dunaway worked with her makeup man, Lee Harman, for a long time to get the right look.
She finally realized it was not only the makeup, but the way Crawford held herself and her face.
And then to be so rebuffed and so cooly treated by this little Scandinavian girl.
Frank Sinatra drove her to see a throat specialist and shared his own tips on how to preserve her voice.
Though the film was poorly received by the critics, Dunaway's performance received many positive reviews.
In the early 2000s, Dunaway began to refuse to discuss the film at all.
During this time, Dunaway moved to England with her partner of several years, the English photographer Terry O'Neill.
She played the role of highly stylish actress Maud Charteris who marries a Senator played by Richard Burton.
Dunaway said that she struggled to find artistically fulfilling roles during this period in England.
The film was produced by the struggling Cannon Films, and the producers had to fight to get the small drama approved.
Dunaway played the role of Elaine, a somewhat crazy woman who dreams of building a flying machine.
Dunaway was very proud of the film, and believed that her role could bring her career to higher heights than ever.
However, Warner Bros. elected to re-edit Kusturica's film, cutting and changing it.
Dunaway was dismayed to find that some of her best scenes were left out of the American version.
Warner Bros. released the film in 1994 to positive reviews, but little box office.
Falk had written the script some years prior, saying that he could not find the right actress to take on the role.
The TV movie proved a success; it was nominated for several Golden Globe Awards and Emmy Awards.
She would win the award, saying that it was that moment when she felt like she was truly home.
With the prospective detective show not working out, Dunaway became interested in returning to the stage.
They announced that when Close finished her engagement, the show would shut down completely.
Dunaway filed a lawsuit, claiming that Webber had damaged her reputation with his claims.
The case went to court and a settlement was later reached, but Dunaway and the producers have not discussed it.
A hit at the box office, the film was praised for its romance and the performances of the three main characters.
She made a rare personal appearance at the Locarno International Film Festival to accept the award.
In 2014, Dunaway was recognized as the guest of honor by the Lumière Film Festival.
In 1974, Dunaway married Peter Wolf, the lead singer of the rock group The J. Geils Band; they divorced in 1979.
From 1983 to 1987, she was married to Terry O'Neill, a British photographer.
In 2003, despite Dunaway's earlier claims that she had given birth to Liam, Terry claimed that Liam was adopted.
In August, 2011, Dunaway was sued for eviction by the landlord of her rent stabilized apartment in Manhattan.
The suit alleged that she was not actually residing in the apartment but rather lived in California.
She was the third wife of Colonel Elliott Roosevelt, son of Franklin Delano Roosevelt, from 1944 to 1950.
Emerson was born to Lawrence and Emma Emerson in the tiny community of Elizabeth, Louisiana.
She moved with her mother to San Diego before the war, where she took up acting and by 1940 was a Hollywood starlet .
The show was broadcast from a studio CBS built on the sixth floor of the Stork Club building.
Emerson married her first husband, William Crawford, a naval aviator, in 1938.
After some months in Beverly Hills in 1945, the couple resided with Eleanor Roosevelt at Hyde Park, New York.
She died in 1983, aged 65, from stomach cancer in Deià, Majorca. 
Born Faye Elizabeth Yoe in St. Clair Shores, Michigan; Grant's father was a police officer in her home town.
In it, the male speaker on the recording allegedly confesses to sexual abuse against minors.
Home-schooled throughout much of her childhood, she began college at the age of 16.
She double majored in mathematics and music performance, and graduated at the age of 19 in the top 4% of her class.
In 2008, Day was featured in a series of commercials for Sears Blue Crew.
In February 2011, Day announced that she would be starring in a new web miniseries.
In January 2012, Day announced that she would be hosting a Google+ Hangout called Vaginal Fantasy.
The Hangout features Day along with Kiala Kazebee, Veronica Belmont, and Bonnie Burton.
In April 2012, it was announced that Day would host the 2012 IndieCade Awards Ceremony on October 4, 2012.
On April 29, 2012, she also appeared on the YouTube show MyMusic as a Norwegian Black Metal singer named Gorgol.
On August 4, 2015, Day guest starred on Episode 9 of Dear Hank & John.
Day was also nominated for the Best Guest Appearance Award for the 3rd Streamy Awards.
Born Olive Dines, Felicia Farr appeared in several modeling photo shoots and advertisements during the 1950s and 1960s.
During her marriage to Jack Lemmon, Farr gave birth to a daughter, Courtney, in 1966.
She is also the stepmother of Lemmon's son, actor and author Chris Lemmon.
 Felicity Huffman Felicity Kendall Huffman is an American film, stage, and television actress.
Huffman began her acting career in theatre and in 1990s also had many supporting roles in film and television.
Her parents divorced a year after her birth, and she was raised mostly by her mother.
Her great-great grandfather was Joseph Warren King , founder of the King Mills Powder Company.
She attended New York University, Circle in the Square and Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.
Huffman made her debut on stage in 1982 and in the 1980s and 1990s worked as a rule on stage productions.
Huffman is now a voting member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
Huffman and her husband William H. Macy each received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on March 7, 2012.
She says that's why she was eager for a role that's a distinctive departure.
The project was developed for ABC, but was not green-lighted for 2015–16 television season.
In no case is that truer than with Huffman's Barb, who is the morally questionable center of the story.
Huffman identifies as pro-choice, and has campaigned for women's rights on behalf of NARAL.
In 2005, Huffman revealed that she had suffered from both anorexia and bulimia in her late teens and twenties.
In June 2008 it was announced that Felicity Huffman would receive a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
She finally received her star in March 2012 along with her husband in a joint ceremony. 
In 2001, she left the group and in the subsequent year began to team up with The Black Eyed Peas.
She was raised Roman Catholic and attended Mesa Robles Middle School and Glen A. Wilson High School.
She was a cheerleader, straight-A student and spelling bee champion, as well as a Girl Scout.
By 1992, the girls began meeting with record labels, but they still could not get a recording contract.
In March 1997, the band released their self-titled debut album, which debuted at number one.
She got the gig and instantly bonded with the trio, going on to record five additional songs on the album.
In autumn 2005, The Black Eyed Peas toured with Gwen Stefani, as supporting act.
In March 2006, The Black Eyed Peas toured again, as the featured headliner for the Honda Civic Tour.
In 2007, The Black Eyed Peas embarked on the Black Blue & You World Tour and visited more than 20 countries.
It went to number one in the United States and became the group's first chart topper.
In October 2009, Ferguson became a part owner of the National Football League's Miami Dolphins.
On September 22, Ferguson visited Madame Tussauds for the unveiling of her wax figure in Las Vegas, Nevada.
In December 2012, Ferguson confirmed that she had begun writing her second solo studio album.
On January 6, 2014, it was re-confirmed that Ferguson was beginning the process of her second studio album.
In September 2014, it was announced that Ferguson's second studio album has been slated for a 2015 release.
Mike Will Made It has been expected to be involved with Ferguson's second album.
Ferguson confirmed in June 2015 that she is putting the finishing touches on the album.
Ferguson and Duhamel became engaged in December 2007; they married in a Catholic ceremony on January 10, 2009.
But it's why you start doing it in the first place that's interesting.
 Fern Andra Fern Andra was an American actress, film director, script writer and producer.
For a time, she was a member of Bird Millman's acclaimed troupe of wire artists.
On July 4, 1922, she was involved in the Hamburg-Berlin mail plane accident.
From 1928 she worked in the UK and the US, later expanding her range to include radio and television.
Fern Andra was married four times; all of the unions were childless: Death.
Fern Andra died in Aiken, South Carolina, on February 8, 1974, aged 80. 

While never a superstar, she worked hard at her craft, headlining with the likes of Bing Crosby and Buster Crabbe.
Saturday night she went to San Pedro and boarded the Dutch steamship Drechtdyk to bid some friends adieu.
Finland is part of the geographic region of Fennoscandia, which also includes Scandinavia and parts of Russia.
In 2013, Finland's population was around 5.5 million, with the majority living in its southern regions.
Over 1.4 million people live in the Greater Helsinki metropolitan area, which produces a third of the country's GDP.
Other large cities include Tampere, Turku, Oulu, Jyväskylä, Lahti, and Kuopio.
Finland was a relative latecomer to industrialisation, remaining a largely agrarian country until the 1950s.
The first known written appearance of the name Finland is thought to be on on three rune-stones.
The name can be assumed to be related to the tribe name Finns, which is mentioned first known time AD 98 .
In addition to the close relatives of Finnish , this name is also used in the Baltic languages Latvian and Lithuanian.
The term became part of the title of the King of Sweden but had little practical meaning.
In 1637, Queen Christina named Per Brahe the Younger as Governor General of Finland, Åland, and Ostrobothnia .
The modern boundaries of Finland actually came into existence only after the end of Sweden-Finland.
The first pottery appeared in 5200 BCE, when the Comb Ceramic culture was introduced.
Swedish kings established their rule in the Northern Crusades from the 12th century until 1249.
The first university in Finland, The Royal Academy of Turku, was established in 1640.
By this time Finland was the predominant term for the whole area from the Gulf of Bothnia to the Russian border.
In 1811, Alexander I incorporated Russian Vyborg province into the Grand Duchy of Finland.
From the 1860s onwards, a strong Finnish nationalist movement known as the Fennoman movement grew.
The Finnish famine of 1866–1868 killed 15% of the population, making it one of the worst famines in European history.
The famine led the Russian Empire to ease financial regulations, and investment rose in following decades.
The GDP per capita was still half of that of the United States and a third of that of Britain.
This was rejected by the Russian Provisional Government and by the right-wing parties in Finland.
On 27 January 1918, the official opening shots of the war were fired in two simultaneous events.
The government started to disarm the Russian forces in Pohjanmaa, and the Social Democratic Party staged a coup.
Deep social and political enmity was sown between the Reds and Whites and would last until the Winter War and beyond.
Finnish democracy did not see any Soviet coup attempts and survived the anti-Communist Lapua Movement.
Germany's relations with democratic Finland cooled also after the Nazis' rise to power.
Army officers were trained in France, and relations to Western Europe and Sweden were strengthened.
Credit-based land reform was enacted after the civil war, increasing the proportion of capital-owning population.
After fighting a major Soviet offensive in June per woman and has been below the replacement rate of 2.1 since 1969.
With a low birth rate women also become mothers at a later age, the mean age at first live birth being 28.6 in 2014.
More than half a million Finns suffer from diabetes, type 1 diabetes being globally the most common in Finland.
The number of musculoskeletal diseases and cancers are increasing, although the cancer prognosis has improved.
One of the most common reasons for work disability are due to mental disorders, in particular depression.
About 19% of health care is funded directly by households and 77% by taxation.
In April 2012, Finland was ranked 2nd in Gross National Happiness in a report published by The Earth Institute.
In 1906, Finland became the first nation in the world to give full suffrage to all adult citizens, including women.
In the 1980s, about 75% of adult women worked outside the home; they made up about 48% of the work force.
The Equality Law that went into effect in 1987 committed the country to achieving full equality for women.
Finland also has been relatively slow to deal legally with the problem of domestic violence.
Pre-school education is rare compared with other EU countries and formal education is usually started at the age of 7.
Education is free and living expenses are to a large extent financed by the government through student benefits.
Originating in Denmark in the nineteenth century, folk high schools became common throughout the region.
In 2005, Finland had the fourth most scientific publications per capita of the OECD countries.
The era saw a rise of poets and novelists who wrote in Finnish, notably Aleksis Kivi and Eino Leino.
Besides Kalevala and Waltari, the Swedish-speaking Tove Jansson is the most translated Finnish writer.
Finnish folk music has undergone a roots revival in recent decades, and has become a part of popular music.
The same word sometimes refers to lavlu or vuelie songs, though this is technically incorrect.
Thanks to its emphasis on transparency and equal rights, Finland's press has been rated the freest in the world.
Each year, around 12,000 book titles are published and 12 million records are sold.
Worldwide, Finns, along with other Nordic peoples and the Japanese, spend the most time reading newspapers.
The commercial television channel MTV3 and commercial radio channel Radio Nova are owned by Nordic Broadcasting .
Finland ranked 1st overall in the 2014 NRI ranking, unchanged from the year before.
All Finnish schools and public libraries have Internet connections and computers and most residents have a mobile phone.
Milk and its derivatives like buttermilk are commonly used as food, drink, or in various recipes.
Christmas is the most extensively celebrated, and at least 24 to 26 December is taken as a holiday.
In terms of medals and gold medals won per capita, Finland is the best performing country in Olympic history.
Finland was one of the most successful countries at the Olympic Games before World War II.
At the 1924 Summer Olympics, Finland, a nation then of only 3.2 million people, came second in the medal count.
Nurmi is often considered the greatest Finnish sportsman and one of the greatest athletes of all time.
For over 100 years, Finnish male and female athletes have consistently excelled at the javelin throw.
Other notable sporting events held in Finland include the 1983 and 2005 World Championships in Athletics.
Carter began her career in the theatre and was a member of the Circle Repertory Company in New York.

She began acting and dancing in preschool, and her mother enrolled her in dance classes as a child.
She enrolled at the University of California, Los Angeles , where she was a pre-medical major.
She graduated from UCLA in 2002, and went on to study acting at the Beverly Hills Playhouse .
She appeared as a guest star in a number of television series and in a few films over the next several years.
After auditioning, she was called back several more times over the course of three and half weeks.
During her studies she wrote the score for three musicals and had work commissioned by Paul Anka.


She has traveled extensively with her family, most recently to Argentina where she lived for two years.
Cross attended French schools since childhood , and speaks French, Spanish and English fluently.
During high school, she switched to the American school systema nd attended a private school in Los Angeles' Westside.
She auditioned for the part shortly before moving to Argentina, where she was living when offered the role.
She worked alongside actors such as Nicole Kidman, Jack Black, John Turturro, and fellow teen actor Zane Pais.
Later she became a leading lady for Nat Goodwin, then going into vaudeville with her husband.
 Flora Zabelle Hitchcock Flora Zabelle was a Broadway actress who appeared in several early silent films.
Of Armenian descent, Flora Zabelle was born in the Ottoman Empire to Dr. M. M. Mangasarian.
At the time of the Hamidian massacres, Dr. Mangasarian along with Flora moved to the United States.

In 1909, she met and married her first husband and gave up her career to raise their daughter.
Bates appeared in more than sixty films over the course of the next thirteen years.

In 1965, she and husband Fredric March did a world tour under the auspices of the U.S. State Department.
She was buried alongside her husband at the March Estate in New Milford, Connecticut. 

In Hollywood she worked for Christy and Fox Studios making over 50 appearances from 1920.
Florence Gilbert's third husband was Albert S. Chase who legally adopted both her children.
Daughter Caryl Lee eventually became an animal trainer in Hollywood, using the name Cindy Cullen. 


Henderson, the youngest of ten children, was born in Dale, Indiana, a small town in the southwest region of the state.
Henderson is a daughter of Elizabeth , a homemaker, and Joseph Henderson, a tobacco sharecropper.
She has appeared in a number of their promotional videos and has helped in fund-raising efforts.
He founded the dry goods firm of Kahn & Freiberg in Memphis in 1860 and was also an amateur Shakespeare scholar.
Beerbohm became infatuated with Kahn and called on her regularly, taking her to meet his family.
She then toured Britain presenting a series of readings, on one occasion appearing before King Edward VII.
It was during this tour that she was courted by Beerbohm and they became engaged in 1908.
It has been estimated that during their six year courtship Beerbohm wrote over 1,000 letters to Kahn.
From the start of the marriage, Beerbohm's friends did not like Kahn, thinking the couple ill-matched.
At that time not only had she never made a film before but she had never seen one either.
She was cremated in Genoa and her ashes scattered from a boat in the Bay of Tigullio.
In 1956 her widower Max Beerbohm married his companion and secretary Elisabeth Jungmann on his death bed. 
Florence and her younger brother Arthur Silverlake, Jr. became part of the act in 1910.
After the series ended upon Kennedy's death in 1948, she continued to play character roles in films and television.
She also appeared in the first color episode of the TV series Superman in 1957 as a cave woman.
Charlotte Bridgwood had emigrated to Canada from Ireland after the Great Famine with her family as a child.
She was known professionally as Lotta Lawrence and was the leading lady and director of the Lawrence Dramatic Company.
At the age of three, Lawrence made her debut onstage with her mother in a song and dance routine.
On February 18, 1898, George Bridgwood died from accidental coal gas poisoning at his home in Hamilton .
Lotta Lawrence moved the family from Hamilton to Buffalo, New York to live with her mother, Ann Dunn.
During the spring and summer of 1906, Lawrence auditioned for a number of Broadway productions, with no success.
Largely as a result of her equestrian skills, she received parts in eleven films in the next five months.
With the Vitagraph Company, she had been earning $20 a week, working also as a costume seamstress over and above acting.
In total, she had parts in most of the 60 films directed by Griffith in 1908.
Lawrence gained much popularity, but because her name was never publicized, fans began writing the studio asking for it.
Her demand to be paid by the week rather than daily was met, and she received double the normal rate.
More popular still were the dramatic love stories in which she co-starred with Arthur Johnson.
The company, founded by Carl Laemmle, the owner of a film exchange , was looking for experienced filmmakers and actors.
Needing a star, he lured Lawrence away from Biograph by promising to give her a marquee.
Laemmle managed to lure William Ranous, one of Vitagraph's best directors, over to IMP.
She once again teamed with Arthur Johnson, and the pair made 48 films together under Lubin's direction.
IMP was not a member of the MPPC, and hence operated outside its distribution system.
In 1912, Lawrence and Solter made a deal with Carl Laemmle, forming their own company.
With this new prosperity, Florence was able to realize a 'lifelong dream,' buying a estate in River Vale, New Jersey.
She was persuaded to return to work in 1914 for her company , which had been acquired by Universal Studios.
Lawrence was burned, her hair singed, and suffered a serious fall which fractured her spine.
Blaming Solter for making her do the stunt in which she was injured, the two divorced.
To add to her problems, Universal refused to pay her medical expenses, leaving Lawrence feeling betrayed.
However, the strain of working took its toll on her and she suffered a serious relapse.
In 1921, she traveled to Hollywood to attempt a comeback, but had little success.
She received a leading role in a minor melodrama , and then two supporting roles.
During the 1920s, Lawrence and Woodring opened a cosmetics store in Los Angeles called Hollywood Cosmetics.
The store sold theatrical makeup and also sold a line of cosmetics that Lawrence developed.
They continued their partnership after their separation in 1929 but the store was forced to close in 1931.
She was devastated when her mother, to whom she was close, died suddenly in August 1929.
While Lawrence never made sound business choices, she did manage to earn a small fortune during her film career.
That fortune dwindled after the stock market crash in October 1929 and ensuing economic depression.
By that time, Lawrence's acting career consisted of extra and bit parts which were often uncredited.
As her health began to decline, she developed depression but attempted to keep working.
Some time in the afternoon, Lawrence ingested cough syrup and ant paste at her home in West Hollywood.
She was born in Jamaica, Vermont and died in Hollywood, California at the age of 74. 
 Florence Moore Florence E. Moore was an American vaudeville, Broadway performer, and actress in silent films.
Florence got her first opportunity in Moscow, Idaho, when a male member of the cast failed to appear.
Thereafter she was a regular with the company, playing the role of a Chinese without pay.
She starred in the role of Mary Boland which had been created seven years earlier.
Florence Moore died in the Fitzgerald Mercy Hospital in Darby, Pennsylvania in 1935, aged forty nine.

 Florence Oberle Florence Oberle was a stage and film actress from Tarrytown, New York.
Oberle appeared on the New York City stage in Morosco Theatre and David Belasco productions until 1915.
In 1915 Oberle signed with Essanay Studios, a pioneer film studio of the silent movie era.
She was the widow of Thomas Oberle, a matinee idol, who died in the early years of the twentieth century.
Florence Oberle died at the Little Romano Sanitarium in North Glendale, California, in 1943.
Blonde, pretty, and wholesome, Rice was cast as the reliable girlfriend in several films for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
Rice never became a major figure in films, but performed in a number of screen pairings with Robert Young.
During the 1940s the quality of her roles steadily decreased and in 1947 she retired.
She married three times, with her third marriage lasting until her death in Honolulu from lung cancer. 
Born in Frederick, Maryland, she began acting on the stage in New York, New York at the age of 19.
She secured her first stage role with the Denman Thompson Company and played leads with the N.B.
She headed a stock company in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania for a period of fifteen years.
There was a South African repertoire and a tour of Australia with the Henry Duffy players.
Florence Roberts died from cardiovascular disease at the age of 79 at her home in Hollywood, California.
She was buried in Forest Lawn Memorial Park, with funeral services performed at Wee Kirk of the Heather.
She went there following completion of the Jones Family series of 20th Century Fox for the 1939-1940 season.
She is not to be confused with the more famous stage actress Florence Roberts born 1871 and who died in 1927. 

Florence Smythe was a party in a divorce battle which wound up in New York Supreme Court in February 1913.
Theodore Roberts' first wife, Lucy Roberts, obtained a separation decree which provided $50 a week for alimony.
The first Mrs. Roberts sued Florence for $50,000, charging the actress with alienating the affections of the actor.
The suit was not tried in court because the statute of limitations had run out.
 Florence Stanley Florence Stanley was an American actress of stage, film, and television.
Florence Stanley was born as Florence Schwartz in Chicago, the daughter of Hanna and Jack Schwartz.
She began a long career on stage, film and TV starting in the 1940s.
On October 3, 2003, Stanley died of complications from a stroke at age 79.
She was survived by her husband, Martin Newman, and their two children, as well as her two grandchildren.
Born in New York City, Turner was pushed into appearing on the stage at age three by her ambitious mother.
At the time there were no stars per se, unless an already famous stage star made a movie.
Later that year, Florence was paired several times with heart throb Wallace Reid, who was on his way to stardom.
They moved to England, where she and Larry began performing together in London music halls.
Turner sometimes wrote screenplays and directed her own movies, including a number of comedies.
She also organized her own production company, Turner Films, for which she made more than thirty shorts.
She returned to the U.S. after the Armistice, but was not as successful as before.
In 1920, she again went to England, where she remained until moving to Hollywood, virtually forgotten, in 1924.
By then she was thirty-nine years of age and her starring days were long behind her.
Turner was placed on the payroll at MGM by Louis B. Mayer in the 1930s, but was limited in the assignments offered.
After appearing in more than 160 motion pictures, Florence Turner died at 61 in Woodland Hills.
She was cremated at a mortuary in Hollywood and, at her request, there was no funeral service.
The character became one of soap opera's most popular creations, and earned Lozano a loyal following.
I really want to do more theater, film and television other than the soap.
When you're doing a soap, it is really hard to do other things.
The opportunity to carry a film was a longtime goal for Lozano, who enjoyed the experience.
Lozano is a trained dancer, whose talents range from ballet to jazz, modern and flamenco.
While New York theater plays kept Lozano and Welch busy, Lozano planned to stay on the East Coast.
 Florida Friebus Florida Friebus was an American writer and actress of stage, film, and television.
 Fran Bennett Fran Bennett is an American actress, known for her works on television.
Brill was born in Chester, Pennsylvania, the daughter of Linette and Joseph M. Brill.
Her character struggled with sudden widowhood, and Brill received over a thousand condolence letters.
Divorced from writer and producer Peter Marc Jacobson, she currently lives in Malibu, California.
Drescher graduated from Hillcrest High School in 1975; one of her classmates was comedian Ray Romano.
The show aired on CBS from 1993 to 1999, and Drescher became an instant star.
In the 2000s, Drescher made a return to television both with leading and guest roles.
The show was renewed in July 2011 for a second season of 12 episodes, which aired in spring 2012.
She reprised the role during the North American tour's engagement in Los Angeles, lasting from March through April 2015.
Drescher has stated that the primary reason for the divorce was her need to change directions in life.
In January 1985, two armed robbers broke into Drescher and Jacobson's Los Angeles apartment.
While one ransacked their home, Drescher and her friend were raped by the other at gunpoint.
Jacobson was also physically attacked, tied up, and forced to witness the entire ordeal.
It took Drescher many years to recover, and it took her even longer to tell her story to the press.
Her rapist, who was on parole at the time of the crime, was returned to prison and given two life sentences.
She attended Stanford University for three years, and during World War II was a member of the USO entertaining troops.
Ryan replaced Barbara Pepper, who was in poor health and died five months later of heart ailments on July 15, 1969.
Howard too would perish in a plane crash in Oregon in May 1953 in a plane Howard was piloting.
The wreckage of Howard's plane would not be discovered until 15 years later in November 1968.
All that was found at the crash site was a woman's shoe, 4 combs, and 2 sets of eyeglasses.
During the Iron Age, what is now Metropolitan France was inhabited by the Gauls, a Celtic people.
The Gauls were conquered in 51 BC by the Roman Empire, which held Gaul until 486.
France became Europe's dominant cultural, political, and military power under Louis XIV.
In the late 18th century, however, the monarchy was overthrown in the French Revolution.
France was also one of the Allied Powers in World War II, but came under occupation by the Axis Powers in 1940.
Following liberation in 1944, a Fourth Republic was established and later dissolved in the course of the Algerian War.
The Fifth Republic, led by Charles de Gaulle, was formed in 1958 and remains to this day.
France remains a great power with significant cultural, economic, military, and political influence.
The oldest traces of human life in what is now France date from approximately 1.8 million years ago.
Humans were then confronted by a harsh and variable climate, marked by several glacial eras.
France has numerous megalithic sites from the Neolithic period, including the exceptionally dense Carnac stones site .
Gaul was then a prosperous country, of which the southernmost part was heavily subject to Greek and Roman influences.
Subsequently, Christians, who had been persecuted until then, increased rapidly across the entire Roman Empire.
Simultaneously, Celtic Britons, fleeing the Anglo-Saxon settlement of Britain, settled the western part of Armorica.
Clovis made Paris his capital and established the Merovingian dynasty, but his kingdom would not survive his death.
Pepin's son, Charlemagne, reunited the Frankish kingdoms and built a vast empire across Western and Central Europe.
Charlemagne's son, Louis I , kept the empire united; however, this Carolingian Empire would not survive his death.
West Francia approximated the area occupied by, and was the precursor, to modern France.
Over time, some of the king's vassals would grow so powerful that they often posed a threat to the king.
The French kings played a prominent role in most Crusades in order to restore Christian access to the Holy Land.
In the end, the Cathars were exterminated and the autonomous County of Toulouse was annexed into the kingdom of France.
During the reign of Philip of Valois, the French monarchy reached the height of its medieval power.
Like the rest of Europe, France was struck by the Black Death; half of the 17 million population of France died.
The Wars of Religion were ended by Henry IV's Edict of Nantes, which granted some freedom of religion to the Huguenots.
The monarchy reached its peak during the 17th century and the reign of Louis XIV.
Louis XIV also revoked the Edict of Nantes, forcing thousands of Huguenots into exile.
Its European territory kept growing, however, with notable acquisitions such as Lorraine and Corsica .
Facing financial troubles, Louis XVI summoned the Estates-General in May 1789 to propose solutions to his government.
Through the Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen, France established fundamental rights for men.
World War I left 1.4 million French soldiers dead, 4% of its population.
In 1958, the weak and unstable Fourth Republic gave way to the Fifth Republic, which included a strengthened Presidency.
In the latter role, Charles de Gaulle managed to keep the country together while taking steps to end the war.
The Algerian War was concluded with the Évian Accords in 1962 that led to Algerian independence.
However, he opposed any development of a supranational Europe, favouring a Europe of sovereign Nations.
In the wake of the series of worldwide protests of 1968, the revolt of May 1968 had an enormous social impact.
France has also gradually but fully reintegrated into NATO and has since participated in most NATO sponsored wars.
They were encouraged to retain their distinctive cultures and traditions and required merely to integrate.
The 2015 terrorist attacks in Paris provoked the largest public rallies in French history, gathering 4.4 million people.
France also shares a border with the Kingdom of the Netherlands, through the Caribbean island of Saint Martin.
France's total land area, with its overseas departments and territories , is , 0.45% of the total land area on Earth.
Its EEZ covers approximately 8% of the total surface of all the EEZs of the world.
France was one of the first countries to create an environment ministry, in 1971.
As of 2009, French carbon dioxide emissions per capita were lower than that of China's.
France is divided into 27 administrative regions: 22 regions in metropolitan France , and five located overseas.
In 2015 however the number of metropolitan regions is being reduced to 13, with various regions being amalgamated.
This number is used in postal codes and was formerly used on vehicle number plates.
The 101 departments are subdivided into 335 arrondissements, which are, in turn, subdivided into 2,054 cantons.
These cantons are then divided into 36,658 communes, which are municipalities with an elected municipal council.
In contrast, the five overseas regions used the French franc and now use the euro.
Since the 2012 elections, the executive branch is currently composed mostly of the Socialist Party.
Some consider however that hate speech laws in France are too broad or severe and damage freedom of speech.
France vigorously opposed the 2003 invasion of Iraq, straining bilateral relations with the US and the UK.
This represents 0.5% of its GDP, in this regard rating France as tenth largest donor on the list.
The French Armed Forces are the military and paramilitary forces of France, under the president as supreme commander.
France is a permanent member of the Security Council of the UN, and a recognised nuclear state since 1960.
France has major military industries with one of the largest aerospace industries in the world.
In 2012, French government debt levels reached 1.8 trillion euros, the equivalent of 90% of French GDP.
Financial services, banking and the insurance sector are an important part of the economy.
In 2000, the stock exchanges of Paris, Amsterdam and Bruxelles merged into Euronext.
In 2007, Euronext merged with the New York stock exchange to form NYSE Euronext, the world's largest stock exchange.
France is part of the European single market which represents more than 500 million consumers.
Several domestic commercial policies are determined by agreements among European Union members and by EU legislation.
EU agriculture subsidies to France have decreased in recent years but still amounted to $8 billion in 2007.
In 2003, it produced 22% of the European Union's electricity, primarily from nuclear power.
France is the smallest emitter of carbon dioxide among the G8, due to its heavy investment in nuclear power.
The railway network of France, which stretches is the second most extensive in Western Europe after that of Germany.
The Eurostar, along with the Eurotunnel Shuttle, connects with the United Kingdom through the Channel Tunnel.
The new car market is dominated by domestic brands such as Renault , Peugeot and Citroën .
Over 70% of new cars sold in 2004 had diesel engines, far more than contained petrol or LPG engines.
They were both key figures of the Scientific revolution, which erupted in Europe during this period.
The Academy of Sciences was founded by Louis XIV to encourage and protect the spirit of French scientific research.
It was at the forefront of scientific developments in Europe in the 17th and 18th centuries.
Other eminent French scientists of the 19th century have their names inscribed on the Eiffel Tower.
Telesurgery was developed by Jacques Marescaux and his team on 7 September 2001 across the Atlantic Ocean .
The French health care system is one of universal health care largely financed by government national health insurance.
The French healthcare system was ranked first worldwide by the World Health Organization in 1997.
Care is generally free for people affected by chronic diseases such as cancer, AIDS or Cystic Fibrosis.
Average life expectancy at birth is 78 years for men and 85 years for women, one of the highest of the European Union.
Hors d'œuvres include terrine de saumon au basilic, lobster bisque, foie gras, French onion soup or a croque monsieur.
French cuisine is also regarded as a key element of the quality of life and the attractiveness of France.
The acquisition or loss of a star can have dramatic effects on the success of a restaurant.
France has hosted events such as the 1938 and 1998 FIFA World Cups, and the 2007 Rugby World Cup.
France hosts the annual Tour de France, the most famous road bicycle race in the world.
Paris was the first home of the International Olympic Committee, before it moved to Lausanne.
Football is the most popular sport in France, with over 1,800,000 registered players, and over 18,000 registered clubs.
Rugby league in France is a sport that is most popular in the south, in cities such as Perpignan and Toulouse.
The Catalans Dragons currently play in the Super League, which is the top tier rugby league competition in Europe.
In recent decades, France has produced world-elite basketball players, most notably Tony Parker.
Billington was in born in Dallas, Texas, the daughter of James Billington and his wife, musician Adelaide Bueter.
She attended school at a convent where, at a very early age, she began playing parts in plays.
In 1917, she went over to The American Film Company in Santa Barbara to star in features directed by Edward Sloman.
Billington's level of film production slowed down with only five total films in 1918 and 1919.
In October 1920 Billington married Lester Cuneo at the Riverside Inn in Riverside, California.
Originally from New York theatre, Bavier worked in film and television from the 1950s.
Bavier won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Comedy Actress for the role in 1967.
Born in New York City, Bavier originally planned to become a teacher after attending Columbia University.
Bavier had roles in more than a dozen films, as well as playing a range of supporting roles on television.
In the episode, she fights with Tonto while the Lone Ranger fought with her nephew.
At the conclusion, Tonto says that he'd like to trade opponents next time.
Bavier had a love-hate relationship with her most famous role, Aunt Bee, during the run of the show.
She won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Comedy, in 1967.
In 1972, Bavier retired from acting and bought a home in Siler City, North Carolina.
Overly zealous fans, however, often invaded both her property and privacy and Bavier became reclusive.
She kept this car in perfect condition while alive and refused to purchase a new car when her driver suggested it.
It was auctioned for $20,000 one year after her death in the same condition as it was found.
The new owners felt if it were restored it would no longer be Aunt Bee's Studebaker.
She suffered from both heart disease and cancer and was kept in the coronary care unit for two weeks.
Bergen was born in Birmingham, Alabama, the daughter of Lille Mabel and William Westerman.
In 1932, her father died of tuberculosis, when Frances was ten years old.
In 1936, she suffered a skull fracture in an auto accident, at age 14.
As an actress, Bergen had supporting or minor roles in a number of films.
In 1941, Frances Westerman met Edgar Bergen after a radio program when he was 38 and she was 19.
Sitting in the front row, the young fashion model's long legs caught the attention of Bergen, who asked to meet her.
As a widow, she dated actor Craig Stevens after the death of his wife of many years, Alexis Smith.
Bergen died at the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles of undisclosed causes on October 2, 2006, aged 84.
She was buried beside her husband Edgar Bergen in Inglewood Park Cemetery, Inglewood, California.
She was survived by her daughter Candice Bergen, her son Kris, and her granddaughter Chloé Malle . 
Her work on the show won her acclaim and several awards, including a Golden Globe and three Screen Actors Guild Awards.
Conroy was born in Monroe, Georgia, the daughter of Ossie Hardman and Vincent Paul Conroy.
Her father, who was of Irish descent, was a business executive, and her mother also worked in business.
She moved to New York City to study drama at the Neighborhood Playhouse and the Juilliard School.
In 1988 she appeared as the elder daughter of Burt Lancaster's dying patriarch in Rocket Gibraltar.
During the series' run, Conroy won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Television Series Drama in 2004.
Conroy was one of two actresses, the other being Alexandra Breckenridge, playing a woman named Moira O'Hara.
For the second season, dubbed ', Conroy re-joined the cast playing the The Angel of Death in a multi-episode arc.
The scene with Bela Lugosi hovering over her prostrate body remains an indelible part of pop culture.
She was grandniece to Confederate General John Clifford Pemberton and first cousin to athlete Hobey Baker. 
 Frances Day Frances Day was an American actress and singer who achieved great popularity in the UK in the 1930s.
Day's career began as a nightclub cabaret singer in New York City and London.
She toured the provinces in 1930 and made her London stage debut at the Hippodrome in 1932.
Their three sons, including the actor Jody McCrea, and many grandchildren, also survived McCrea.
Frances Dee McCrea died in Norwalk, Connecticut due to complications from a stroke at the age of 94.
Farmer was the subject of two films, one television special, three books, and numerous songs and magazine articles.
Farmer was born in Seattle, Washington, the daughter of Lillian and Ernest Melvin Farmer.
Farmer's interest in such topics fostered speculations that Farmer was not only an atheist, but a Communist as well.
Instead, she was referred to Paramount Pictures talent scout Oscar Serlin, who arranged for a screen test.
She felt stifled by Paramount's tendency to cast her in films which depended on her looks more than her talent.
She refused to attend Hollywood parties or to date other stars for the gossip columns.
Due to Farmer's box office appeal, however, the play became the biggest hit in the Group's history.
Farmer had an affair with Odets, but he was married to actress Luise Rainer and did not offer Farmer a commitment.
Farmer found herself back in Los Angeles, often loaned out by Paramount to other studios for starring roles.
At her home studio, meanwhile, she was consigned to costarring appearances, which she often found unchallenging.
By 1939, her temperamental work habits and worsening alcoholism began to damage her reputation.
Some reports say she was unable to produce a driver's license and was verbally abusive.
By January 1943, she failed to pay the rest of the fine and a bench warrant was issued for her arrest.
She claimed the police had violated her civil rights, demanded an attorney, and threw an inkwell at the judge.
She ran to a phone booth where she tried to call her attorney, but was subdued by the police.
She was given insulin shock therapy, a treatment then accepted as standard psychiatric procedure.
After about nine months, Farmer walked away one afternoon and went to her half-sister Rita's house, over 20 miles away.
Farmer moved back in with her parents in West Seattle, but she and her mother fought bitterly.
While traveling with her father to visit at an aunt's ranch in Reno, Nevada, Farmer ran away.
Offers of help came in from across the country, but Farmer ignored them all.
After a long stay with her aunt in Nevada, Farmer went back to her parents.
In the book, Farmer claimed she had been brutalized and mistreated in numerous ways.
Some of the claims included being forced to eat her own feces and act as a sex slave for male doctors and orderlies.
Since a lobotomy was considered a ground-breaking medical procedure, the hospital did not attempt to conceal its work.
Although nearly 300 patients received the procedure, no evidence supports a claim that Farmer was among them.
On March 23, 1950, at her parents' request, Farmer was paroled back into her mother's care.
I got out stiff-legged and ivory-handed, quoting all the imperious lines I could remember.
During the early 1960s Farmer was actress-in-residence at Purdue University and appeared in some campus productions.
As a result of the guilt she felt over her illegal abortion, Farmer had for years avoided contact with children.
Farmer had a great affection for St. Joan of Arc Church and attended services there regularly.
The movie doesn't let us off the hook by giving us someone to blame.
Since most movies are at least optimistic enough to provide a cause for human tragedy, this one is sort of daring ...
She had every gift she needed in life except for luck, useful friends and an instinct for survival.
She went on creating havoc for herself and others for a good many years after that.
When she was 15, her mother died and she took on the responsibility to help raise her younger brother.
During the next 10 years, she concentrated on theatre in New York and in regional theatres all over the East Coast.
In 2000, Fisher portrayed Audrey Hepburn's mother, Ella Hepburn, in the biographical film of the actress.
She served as an official festival judge for the 2011 Noor Iranian Film Festival in Los Angeles.
In 1970, when Fisher was 18, she married her high school sweetheart Billy Mack Hamilton.
Fisher was in a relationship with fellow actor Clint Eastwood for six years in the early 1990s.
She died in Fairfax, Virginia, from cerebral hemorrhage, June 17, 1997, aged 73. 
She was married to the producer Worthington Miner and appeared in many productions on Broadway during the 1930s.
She is credited with having developed the talent of such future stars as Anne Bancroft, Grace Kelly and Don Murray. 
She began to lose confidence in her abilities and found it difficult to come back to films.
She would spend almost the entire next 25 years in and out of various institutions.
Born Frances Howard McLaughlin in Omaha, Nebraska, in 1903, to James and Maureen, Howard was raised Catholic.
She was interred next to her husband at Forest Lawn Memorial Park, Glendale in Glendale, California.
She graduated from Lakeland High School and studied music at Florida Southern College, also in Lakeland.
Frances grew up in the Mulberry, Florida area, a tiny community near Lakeland.
While a young girl she required a tonsillectomy that changed her soprano range to a contralto.
As a result, she was forced to change her vocal style to a more contemporary big band, popular music style.
Cigar manufacturer Eli Witt heard her sing at an American Legion party and hired her to sing on his local radio show.
From 1935 until 1938 she was a regular performer on Dick Powell's radio show.
From 1946 to 1951, she performed with Don Ameche as the insufferable wife, Blanche, on The Bickersons.
During World War II, she joined Hope, Jerry Colonna, guitarist Tony Romano, and other performers on U.S.O.
tours through Europe, North Africa, and the South Pacific, entertaining thousands of G.I.
During a USO tour in the Pacific theater she was invited to take a ride in a P-38 fighter plane.
show in the South Pacific, Langford stood up on a stage to sing before a huge crowd of G.I.'s.
In 1989 she joined him for a USO tour to entertain troops in the Persian Gulf.
As a guest on early television shows such as Perry Como and Jackie Gleason she was motivated to venture into television.
After leaving Hollywood life, she kept up her pastimes of boating and sport fishing.
As a nightclub singer in 1955, she married Outboard Marine Corporation President Ralph Evinrude.
Langford was a supportive member of the Jensen Beach community and constantly donated money to the community.
The site provides education and research of the ocean, reefs and environment in the Florida area.
Health problems plagued her in the last years of her life with periodic hospital stays.
According to her wishes, she was cremated and the ashes strewn off the coast of Florida near her residence.
Frances Langford enjoyed significant success in both the radio and movie genres, her greatest successes were in radio.
That brought her to the attention of the studios and launched her into a very successful and busy silent film career.
In 1925 she had roles in three films, and in 1926 her number of films jumped to seven.
That year, she married Alexander Bennett, brother to Australian silent film actress Enid Bennett.
She retired from film acting after 1935, living with her husband in Beverly Hills, California.
She began working in interior design and studied for and received a degree in teaching.
She worked as a children's librarian at the Rancho Sante Fe Library until only a few years before her death.
She died on November 5, 2000, in Cardiff-by-the-Sea, California, aged 94. 
 Frances Lee McCain Frances Lee McCain , also known as Lee McCain, is an American actress.
McCain was born in San Diego, California and grew up in New York, Illinois, Colorado in addition to California.
She completed a Master's degree in Psychology at the California Institute of Integral Studies in 2000.
In the 1980s, she was cast in several major films, usually playing the mother of a main character.
McDormand is one of the few performers who have achieved the Triple Crown of Acting.
She has said that her biological mother may have been one of the parishioners at Vernon's church.
McDormand attended Bethany College in West Virginia, earning a Bachelor of Arts in theater in 1979.
In 1982, she earned an Master of Fine Arts from the Yale School of Drama.
In 1985, Frances, Holly Hunter and director Sam Raimi shared a house in The Bronx.
McDormand appeared in several theatrical and television roles during the 1980s, 1990s and 2000s.
Her performance earned her a Tony Award win for Best Leading Actress in a Play.
 Frances Rafferty Frances Anne Rafferty was an American actress, dancer, World War II pin-up girl and MGM contract star.
At the age of nine she moved with her family to Los Angeles, California.
At a young age she studied dancing, and her physical attributes and dancing skills led to work in the film industry.
In 1948, she married Thomas R. Baker, and together they had two children.
 Frances Reid Frances Reid , born as Anna May Priest was an American dramatic actress.
Born in Wichita Falls, Texas, to banker Charles William and Anna May Reid, Reid grew up in Berkeley, California.
In the audio commentary for the DVD version of the film, Frankenheimer called Reid one of his favorite actresses.
Reid was married to actor Philip Bourneuf from June 27, 1940, until his death in 1979.
Reid died in Beverly Hills, California in an assisted living facility, aged 95, on February 3, 2010.
In 1933 she met sculptor, Malvina Hoffman, and studied with her in Paris for two years.
There she met sculptor Carl Milles, with whom she worked for the next eighteen years.
Starr started in plays in 1901 in an Albany stock company, in which Lionel Barrymore and Alison Skipworth were members.
Several of the plays she starred in were turned into early silent films often by Famous Players-Lasky.
In the 1950s Starr appeared on the Kraft, Omnibus, and Philco programs of early network television.
Sternhagen has appeared On- and Off-Broadway, in movies, and on TV since the 1950s.
Sternhagen was born in Washington, D.C., the daughter of John M. Sternhagen, a U.S. Tax Court judge, and Gertrude .
She also studied at the Perry Mansfield School of the Theatre, and New York City's Neighborhood Playhouse.
Sternhagen took over the role after the show moved to the John Houseman Theatre and played it for more than two years.
Sternhagen met her husband, actor and drama teacher Thomas Carlin , at The Catholic University of America.
In 1934 she married Philadelphia Eagles owner Bert Bell, later commissioner of the National Football League.
They had three children, sons Bert, Jr. and Upton, and daughter Jane. 
She was the lead singer of Randy Jackon's girl group Brunette, as well as Young And Wild.
Fisher-Eastwood was born in Redding, California to actress Frances Fisher and actor Clint Eastwood.
She has four sisters—Kimber Tunis, Alison, Kathryn Reeves, and Morgan; and two brothers, Kyle and Scott.
It focused on the lives of herself, her stepmother Dina Eastwood, and her half-sister Morgan Eastwood.
As of 2013, Eastwood resides in Los Angeles and attends University of Southern California.
On November 17, 2013, Eastwood married Jordan Feldstein, Jonah Hill's brother, in a small ceremony in Las Vegas, Nevada.
On November 25, Eastwood filed for annulment from Feldstein after just over one week of marriage. 
Raisa was born and raised in Los Angeles, California to Renan Almendarez Coello and Virginia Almendarez.
She is of Honduran and Mexican descent and has two younger sisters, Italia and Irlanda.
Raisa began to take acting jobs in her junior year of high school, modeling for print ads and appearing in commercials.
Just a month into her senior year, she booked one of her first lead roles, starring opposite Hayden Panettiere in '.
In 1941, her family moved to Cleveland, Ohio where she began to write short stories and take an interest in acting.
At the age of twelve, her family moved back to Aurora, where she continued performing in class plays.
At age 17, she won the local Miss Eveleth beauty contest and became a runner-up in the Miss Minnesota contest.
Her modeling got the attention of the producers of the Miss San Francisco beauty pageant.
Bimbo’s headliner, Mary Meade French, brought Francine to Hollywood and helped get her signed with an agent.

Showtime is developing the half-hour comedy, and Shaw is set to write, direct, star and executive produce.
Shaw has used the film as a platform to develop a TV show and discuss the role of women on screen.
A Democrat, he won a record four elections and served from March 1933 to his death in April 1945.
Roosevelt was born in 1882 to an old, prominent Dutch family from upstate New York.
FDR very much desired the assault be initiated before election day, but did not order it.
FDR and Churchill had another war conference in Casablanca in January 1943; Stalin declined an invitation.
Roosevelt also championed General Henri Giraud as leader of Free France against General Charles de Gaulle.
Later, their assault pursued into Sicily followed in July 1943, and of Italy in September 1943.
The President made a concerted effort to arrange a one-on-one meeting with Stalin, in Fairbanks.
The strategic bombing campaign was escalated in 1944, pulverizing all major German cities and cutting off oil supplies.
When Roosevelt died on April 12, 1945, Allied forces were closing in on Berlin.
At the Tehran Conference, Roosevelt and Churchill discussed plans for a postwar international organization.
In February, Roosevelt traveled to Yalta, in Crimea, to meet again with Stalin and Churchill.
But stranded in New York City, Luce's frustration and anger expressed itself in hard-edged partisanship.
Labor unions, which had grown rapidly in the war, threw their all-out support behind Roosevelt.
At Yalta, Lord Moran, Winston Churchill's physician, commenting on Roosevelt's ill health, said that he was a dying man.
He spoke while seated in the well of the House, an unprecedented concession to his physical incapacity.
He then slumped forward in his chair, unconscious, and was carried into his bedroom.
The president's attending cardiologist, Dr. Howard Bruenn, diagnosed a massive cerebral hemorrhage .
Anna had also arranged for her father to meet with his former mistress, the now widowed Lucy Mercer Rutherfurd.
On the morning of April 13, Roosevelt's body was placed in a flag-draped coffin and loaded onto the presidential train.
After a White House funeral on April 14, Roosevelt was transported back to Hyde Park by train.
Roosevelt's death was met with shock and grief across the US and around the world.
Less than a month after his death, on May 8, the war in Europe ended.
Harlan Fiske Stone was elevated to Chief Justice from the position of Associate Justice by Roosevelt.
Historian Kevin J. McMahon claims that strides were made for the civil rights of African Americans.
Beginning in the 1960s, FDR was charged with not acting decisively enough to prevent or stop the Holocaust.
This was a precursor to Title VII of the Civil Rights Act to come decades later.
A majority of polls rank Roosevelt as the second or third greatest president, consistent with other surveys.
Roosevelt is the sixth most admired person from the 20th century by U.S. citizens, according to Gallup.
His isolationist critics faded away, and even the Republicans joined in his overall policies.
Many of the New Deal programs were abolished during the war by FDR's opponents.
The powerful new wartime agencies were set up to be temporary and expire at war's end.
Roosevelt's home in Hyde Park is now a National Historic Site and home to his Presidential library.
His retreat at Warm Springs, Georgia is a museum operated by the state of Georgia.
The largest, the 7.50-acre Roosevelt Memorial, is located next to the Jefferson Memorial on the Tidal Basin.
Another statue is installed at the Franklin D. Roosevelt Four Freedoms Park on Roosevelt Island.
Roosevelt's leadership in the March of Dimes is one reason he is commemorated on the American dime.
Roosevelt Airport after Roosevelt, whose ancestors lived on the island in the 18th century.
Pierce was a northern Democrat who saw the abolitionist movement as a fundamental threat to the unity of the nation.
His private law practice in his home state was a success; he was appointed U.S. Attorney for his state in 1845.
Passage of the act led to violent conflict over the expansion of slavery in the American West.
Pierce, who had been a heavy drinker for much of his life, died of severe cirrhosis of the liver in 1869.
Pierce was the fifth of eight children born to Benjamin and his second wife, Anna Kendrick .
By this time he had built a reputation as a charming student, sometimes prone to misbehavior.
In fall 1820, Pierce entered Bowdoin College in Brunswick, Maine, one of nineteen freshmen.
In Pierce's junior year, John P. Hale, a later political ally and then rival of Pierce's, also enrolled at Bowdoin.
The unit performed drill on campus near the president's house until the noise caused him to demand it halt.
The students rebelled and went on strike, an event Pierce was suspected of leading.
He was admitted to the bar in late 1827 and began to practice in Hillsborough.
They opposed the established Federalists , who were led by sitting President John Quincy Adams.
Pierce's father, meanwhile, was elected again as governor, retiring after that term.
By 1831 the Democrats held a legislative majority, and Pierce was elected Speaker of the House.
At the age of 27, he was a star of the New Hampshire Democratic Party.
Pierce served as a Norwich University trustee from 1841 to 1859, and received the honorary degree of LL.D.
Democratic strength in New Hampshire was also bolstered by Jackson's landslide re-election that year.
Jane was shy, devoutly religious, and pro-temperance, encouraging Pierce to abstain from alcohol.
Jane disliked Hillsborough as well, and in 1838, the Pierces relocated to the state capital, Concord, New Hampshire.
Franklin, Jr. died in infancy, while Frank Robert died at the age of four from epidemic typhus.
Pierce broke from his party on occasion, opposing Democratic bills to fund internal improvements with federal money.
Pierce's first term was fairly uneventful from a legislative standpoint, and he was easily re-elected in March 1835.
He was outraged when South Carolina Senator John C. Calhoun read the article on the Senate floor.
With Hill's term as senator due to expire in March 1837, the legislature also had to fill the six-year term to follow.
Pierce's candidacy for the Senate was championed by state Representative John P. Hale, a fellow Athenian at Bowdoin.
After much debate, the legislature chose John Page to fill the rest of Hill's term.
Pierce entered the Senate at a time of economic crisis, as the Panic of 1837 had begun.
Pierce campaigned vigorously throughout his home state for Van Buren's re-election in the 1840 presidential election.
Harrison died after a month in office, and Vice President John Tyler succeeded him.
In December 1841 Pierce decided to resign from Congress, something he had been planning for some time.
New Hampshire Democrats felt that no one should hold one of the state's Senate seats for longer than one six-year term.
Despite his resignation from the Senate, Pierce had no intention of leaving public life.
The move to Concord had given him more opportunities for cases, and allowed Jane a more robust community life.
Pierce, meanwhile, had begun a demanding but lucrative law partnership with Asa Fowler during congressional recesses.
Pierce returned to Concord in early 1842, and his reputation as a lawyer continued to flourish.
Pierce remained involved in the state Democratic Party, which was split by several issues.
In the following year's state election he helped the radical wing take over the state legislature.
As a militia officer himself, he had experience mustering and drilling bodies of troops.
His hope to fight in the war was one reason he refused an offer to become Polk's Attorney General.
As the Battle of Churubusco approached, Pierce was ordered by Scott to the rear.
He spent much of that battle in the sick tent, plagued with acute diarrhea.
His role as a party leader, however, continued to take up most of his attention.
The Whigs chose General Taylor, a Louisianan, whose views on most political issues were unknown.
This was done, and the bills passed, to be signed by President Millard Fillmore .
The convention assembled on June 1 in Baltimore, Maryland, and the deadlock occurred as expected.
Of 288 delegates, Cass claimed 116, Buchanan 93, and the rest were scattered, without a single vote for Pierce.
The next 34 ballots passed with no one near victory, and still no votes for Pierce.
It was hoped that once delegates realized this, the convention would unite behind Buchanan.
On the 49th ballot, Pierce received all but six of the votes, and thus gained the Democratic nomination for president.
When word reached New Hampshire of the result, Pierce found it difficult to believe, and his wife fainted.
This incited the Free Soilers to field their own candidate, Senator Hale of New Hampshire, at the expense of the Whigs.
Pierce kept quiet so as not to upset his party's delicate unity, and allowed his allies to run the campaign.
It was the custom at the time for candidates to not appear to seek the office, and he did no personal campaigning.
Pierce's opponents caricatured him as a coward and alcoholic , who was an anti-Catholic.
With 3.2 million votes cast, Pierce won the popular vote with 50.9 to 44.1 percent.
A sizable block of Free Soilers broke for Pierce's in-state rival, Hale, who won 4.9 percent of the popular vote.
They both suffered severe depression afterward, which likely affected Pierce's performance as president.
Jane wondered if the train accident was divine punishment for her husband's pursuit and acceptance of high office.
Jane remained in New Hampshire as Pierce departed for his inauguration, which she did not attend.
In his Cabinet appointments, Pierce sought to unite a party that was squabbling over the fruits of victory.
Pierce spent the first few weeks of his term sorting through hundreds of lower-level federal positions to be filled.
This was a chore, as he sought to represent all factions of the party, and could fully satisfy none of them.
By the start of 1853, King was severely ill with tuberculosis, and went to Cuba to recuperate.
Wanting to die at home, he returned to his plantation in Alabama on April 17 and died the next day.
Guthrie reclaimed these funds, and sought to prosecute corrupt officials, with mixed success.
The acquisition brought the contiguous United States to its present-day boundaries, excepting later minor adjustments.
Buchanan was sent as minister to London to pressure the British government, which was slow to support a new treaty.
Gaining the advantage over Britain in the region was a key part of Pierce's expansionist goals.
The British, according to Buchanan, were impressed by the message and were rethinking their policy.
Nevertheless, Buchanan was not successful in getting the British to renounce their Central American possessions.
The Canadian treaty was ratified by Congress, the British Parliament, and by the colonial legislatures in Canada.
It helped discredit the expansionist policy of Manifest Destiny the Democratic Party had often supported.
Under the Pierce administration, Commodore Matthew C. Perry visited Japan in an effort to expand trade to the East.
Perry wanted to encroach on Asia by force, but Pierce and Dobbin pushed him to remain diplomatic.
He wanted a transcontinental railroad with a link from Chicago to California, through the vast western territory.
Douglas and his allies planned to organize the territory and let local settlers decide whether to allow slavery.
Pierce was skeptical of the bill, knowing it would result in bitter opposition from the North.
Pierce and his administration used threats and promises to keep most Democrats on board in favor of the bill.
The Whigs split along sectional lines; the conflict destroyed them as a national party.
The Kansas–Nebraska Act was passed in May 1854 and would come to define the Pierce presidency.
The passage of the act resulted in so much violence between groups that the territory became known as Bleeding Kansas.
Passage of the act coincided with the seizure of escaped slave Anthony Burns in Boston.
After two more deadlocked ballots, Douglas's managers withdrew his name, leaving Buchanan as the clear winner.
He installed John W. Geary as territorial governor, who drew the ire of pro-slavery legislators.
In his final message to Congress, delivered in December 1856, he vigorously attacked Republicans and abolitionists.
He took the opportunity to defend his record on fiscal policy, and on achieving peaceful relations with other nations.
The Pierces eventually moved to Portsmouth, New Hampshire, where Pierce had begun to speculate in property.
Pierce never lost sight of politics during his travels, commenting regularly on the nation's growing sectarian conflict.
The split Democrats were soundly defeated for the presidency by the Republican candidate, Lincoln.
He was asked by Justice Campbell to travel to Alabama and address that state's secession convention.
Pierce grew angry, expressing sadness over Lincoln's death but denying any need for a public gesture.
He told them that his history of military and public service proved his patriotism, which was enough to quiet the crowd.
Pierce's drinking worsened his health in his last years, and he grew increasingly spiritual.
He also offered financial help to Hawthorne's son Julian, as well as to his own nephews.
He returned to Concord that September, suffering from severe cirrhosis of the liver, knowing he would not recover.
A caretaker was hired for him; none of his family members were present in his final days.
President Grant, who later defended Pierce's service in the Mexican War, declared a day of national mourning.
Newspapers across the country carried lengthy front-page stories examining Pierce's colorful and controversial career.
Pierce was interred next to his wife and two of his sons in the Minot enclosure at Concord's Old North Cemetery.
Much of his $72,000 estate went to his brother Henry's family, and to Hawthorne's children and Pierce's landlady.
from Norwich University, Pierce also received honorary doctorates from Bowdoin College and Dartmouth College .
The Franklin Pierce Homestead in Hillsborough is a state park and a National Historic Landmark, open to the public.
The University of New Hampshire School of Law was founded in 1973 as the Franklin Pierce Law Center.
When the school was renamed in 2010, a Franklin Pierce Center for Intellectual Property was established.
Pierce in the Presidential Range of New Hampshire's White Mountains, renamed from Mt.
The small town of Pierceton, Indiana, was founded in the 1850s and honors President Pierce.
Although he did not lead that fight—Senator Douglas did—Pierce paid the cost in damage to his reputation.
He never fully understood the nature or depth of Free Soil sentiment in the North.
 Freda Foh Shen Freda Foh Shen is an American theatre, film and television actress.
 Fritzi Brunette Fritzi Brunette was an actress from Savannah, Georgia who acted in motion pictures for thirty years.
She played opposite Jack Holt and Mitchell Lewis, among other actors of her era.
Fritzi was the former wife of Louisville, Kentucky real estate operator John E. Kley.
She was also the third wife of William Robert Daly, a fairly prolific silent film actor and director.
Fritzi Brunette died after an extended illness at the Motion Picture Country Home at the age of 53 in 1943.
She was a child actress with the Morosco Company and made films for the Greyhound Motion Picture Company as a youth.

While her parents work closely with her management, they are not traditional stage parents.
She has aimed to be elected President of the United States; and has watched New York State Assembly debate in person.
Ptacek has appeared in more than 70 television commercials, and on the covers of numerous national magazines.
Her parents told her that they were paying for people to photograph her, as opposed to vice versa.
She notes she was a fan of the character before being cast, amongst 200 girls auditioning.
Christensen had auditioned a handful of actresses for the role, but saw Ptacek on a morning show appearance.
Best Actress at the 2013 Rincon International Film Festival, and Best Actress at the 2013 Vaughan Film Festival.
Given her joy of reading, Ptacek has done work with SAG Foundation's BookPALS , and Reading Is Fundamental.
The Latino Commission on AIDS named Ptacek their 2013 Youth Ambassador at its Cielo Latino benefit gala. 
It has an area of nearly and its population is estimated at 1.5 million people.
Gabon was also a non-permanent member of the United Nations Security Council for the 2010–2011 term.
By the 18th century, a Myeni speaking kingdom known as Orungu formed in Gabon.
On February 10, 1722, Bartholomew Roberts, a Welsh pirate known as Black Bart, died at sea off Cape Lopez.
French explorer Pierre Savorgnan de Brazza led his first mission to the Gabon-Congo area in 1875.
Several Bantu groups lived in the area that is now Gabon when France officially occupied it in 1885.
In 1910 Gabon became one of the four territories of French Equatorial Africa, a federation that survived until 1959.
The first president of Gabon, elected in 1961, was Léon M'ba, with Omar Bongo Ondimba as his vice president.
After a few days of fighting, the coup ended and the opposition was imprisoned, despite widespread protests and riots.
French soldiers still remain in the Camp de Gaulle on the outskirts of Gabon's capital to this day.
He won re-election easily, but opponents claim that the balloting process was marred by irregularities.
There were some instances of violence following the announcement of his win, but Gabon generally remained peaceful.
Officially, only four deaths occurred during the riots, but opposition and local leaders claim many more.
A newly created coalition of parties, the Union Nationale , participated for the first time.
The UN is composed largely of PDG defectors who left the party after Omar Bongo's death.
Of the five hotly contested seats, the PDG won three and the UN won two; both sides claimed victory.
The president can appoint and dismiss the prime minister, the cabinet, and judges of the independent Supreme Court.
In spite of this, the elections produced the first representative, multiparty National Assembly.
In January 1991, the Assembly passed by unanimous vote a law governing the legalization of opposition parties.
In October 2009, newly elected President Ali Bongo Ondimba began efforts to streamline the government.
This program contains three pillars: Green Gabon, Service Gabon, and Industrial Gabon.
In provisional results, the ruling Gabonese Democratic Party won 84 out of 120 parliamentary seats.
The UN Secretary-General, Ban Ki-moon, said that he recognized Ondimba as the only official Gabonese president.
Gabonese forces are oriented to the defense of the country and have not been trained for an offensive role.
Gabon is divided into nine provinces, which they are further subdivided into 50 departments.
Located on the equator, between latitudes 3°N and 4°S, and longitudes 8° and 15°E.
Gabon generally has an equatorial climate with an extensive system of rainforests covering 85% of the country.
There are three distinct regions: the coastal plains , the mountains , and the savanna in the east.
Gabon has three karst areas where there are hundreds of caves located in the dolomite and limestone rocks.
Some of the caves include Grotte du Lastoursville, Grotte du Lebamba, Grotte du Bongolo, and Grotte du Kessipougou.
Natural resources include: petroleum, magnesium, iron, gold, uranium, and forests.
Oil revenues comprise roughly 46% of the government's budget, 43% of gross domestic product , and 81% of exports.
Oil production is now declining rapidly from its high point of 370,000 barrels per day in 1997.
In spite of the decreasing oil revenues, planning is only now beginning for an after-oil scenario.
However, in September 2005, Gabon successfully concluded a 15-month Stand-By Arrangement with the IMF.
Gabon's oil revenues have given it a strong per capita GDP of $8,600, extremely high for the region.
Prior to the discovery of oil, logging was the pillar of the Gabonese economy.
Recent explorations point to the presence of the world's largest unexploited iron ore deposit.
Many foreign and local observers have consistently lamented the lack of diversity in the Gabonese economy.
The small processing and service sectors that do exist are largely dominated by a few prominent local investors.
The Fang are generally thought to be the largest, although recent census data seem to favor the Nzebi.
There are also various Pygmy peoples: the Bongo, Kota, and Baka; the latter speak the only non-Bantu language in Gabon.
Most ethnicities are spread throughout Gabon, leading to constant contact and interaction among the groups.
More than 10,000 native French live in Gabon, including an estimated 2,000 dual nationals.
Nationally, 32% of the Gabonese people speak the Fang language as a mother tongue.
Major religions practiced in Gabon include Christianity , Bwiti, Islam, and indigenous animistic religion.
By 1985 there were 28 hospitals, 87 medical centers, and 312 infirmaries and dispensaries.
In 2000, 70% of the population had access to safe drinking water and 21% had adequate sanitation.
Rates for immunization of children under the age of one were 97% for tuberculosis and 65% for polio.
Gabon has a domestic supply of pharmaceuticals from a large, modern factory in Libreville.
The total fertility rate has decreased from 5.8 in 1960 to 4.2 children per mother during childbearing years in 2000.
In 2005, the infant mortality rate was 55.35 per 1,000 live births and life expectancy was 55.02 years.
As of 2002, the overall mortality rate was estimated at 17.6 per 1,000 inhabitants.
There were an estimated 2,400 deaths from AIDS in 2009 – down from 3,000 deaths in 2003.
However, maintenance of school structures, as well as teachers' salaries, has been declining.
In 2002 the gross primary enrollment rate was 132 percent, and in 2000 the net primary enrollment rate was 78 percent.
As of 2001, 69 percent of children who started primary school were likely to reach grade 5.
Gabon also features internationally celebrated masks, such as the n'goltang and the relicary figures of the Kota.
Also known are guitarists like Georges Oyendze, La Rose Mbadou and Sylvain Avara, and the singer Oliver N'Goma.
Imported rock and hip hop from the US and UK are popular in Gabon, as are rumba, makossa and soukous.
In 2004, the government operated two radio stations and another seven were privately owned.
In 2003, there were an estimated 488 radios and 308 television sets for every 1,000 people.
The national press service is the Gabonese Press Agency, which publishes a daily paper, Gabon-Matin .
L'Union in Libreville, the government-controlled daily newspaper, had an average daily circulation of 40,000 in 2002.
There are about nine privately owned periodicals which are either independent or affiliated with political parties.
The constitution of Gabon provides for free speech and a free press, and the government supports these rights.
Christian was born Gabrielle Christine Horchler in Washington, D.C. to parents Gabe and Joani.
This organization was created by her mother after the loss of her son in 1991.
She hosts cocktail events to showcase jewelry made by girls participating in the JewelGirls program.
 Gail Cronauer Gail Cronauer is an American stage, television, and feature film actress and an acting professor.
She has performed films as diverse as Oliver Stone's JFK to the TV series, Walker, Texas Ranger.
She had a little sister named Shirley Ann Grayson born August 26, 1937...died February 23, 1971.
Shirley graduated from Little Rock High School in 1955 and The University of Arkansas in 1959.
She and her husband, Bob Davis, moved to Hollywood to pursue a film career.
Davis became that star, but on television rather than in movies, as Autry originally envisioned.
An adroit horseback rider, Davis also toured North America in Gene Autry's traveling rodeo.
Davis' success as Annie Oakley undermined any opportunities she might have had for other roles in the future.
Davis and her third husband, Carl Edward Guerriero, retired to the San Fernando Valley.
On June 25, 1959, she married Richard Pierce, a recording executive, in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Davis, then a widow, died of cancer in Los Angeles at age 71.
In 2004, she was posthumously inducted into the National Cowgirl Museum and Hall of Fame in Fort Worth.
Davis was presented one of the Golden Boot Awards in 1994 for her contributions to western cinema. 
Edwards, a native Floridian, was raised in Coral Gables and caught the performing bug early in life.
It won the Miami Herald Critics’ Choice award three times before the musical debuted in New York.
The series ran on ABC from 1980 to 1982, and was revived in first-run syndication from 1985 to 1989.
Cunningham, the niece of Howard and Marion Cunningham who was moving in with the family.
Vicky and Danny soon embark on a long-term relationship, and are engaged in the show's seventh season.
She had two daughters, Samara and Jole, from her 1964 first marriage to John Levy.
Wali was also an assistant minister to Malcolm X at Nation of Islam Mosque No.
She died in Los Angeles in 2000, aged 65, reportedly from renal failure.
 Gail O'Grady Gail Ann O'Grady , an American actress and producer, is best known for her roles on television.
O'Grady is also well known for her lead roles in a number of television movies.
O'Grady was born in Detroit, Michigan, the daughter of Jan and Jim O'Grady, a financial planner.
She was raised in Wheaton, Illinois, and graduated from Wheaton North High School in 1981.
She also guest starred on several other shows, and appeared in made for television and independent movies.
Along with cast, she won Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series in 1995.
Gail Patrick was born Margaret LaVelle Fitzpatrick on June 20, 1911, in Birmingham, Alabama.
She completed two years of law school at the University of Alabama and aspired to be the state's governor.
She appeared in more than 60 movies between 1932 and 1948, usually as the leading lady's extremely formidable rival.
Patrick was so afraid of the camera that she made it a point to never see her films.
To Hollywood's surprise, the Cobbs separated in October 1940 and were divorced in November 1941.
She had maintained her network in show business, and shared Gardner's love for the law.
Patrick, Jackson and Gardner formed a production company, Paisano Productions, of which she was president.
Patrick also developed a half-hour Paisano Productions series based on Gardner's Cool and Lam stories.
A pilot directed by Jacques Tourneur aired on CBS in 1958 but a series did not materialize.
Patrick purchased it from the estate of writer-producer Mark Hellinger after his death in December 1947.
She was the first woman to serve in a leadership capacity in the academy, and its only female leader until 1983.
They remained partners in Paisano Productions, together with Gardner's widow, daughter, and sister-in-law.
A failure with critics and in the Nielsen ratings, the series ran only 15 episodes.
She had been treated for the disease for four years but kept her illness secret from everyone but her husband.
She was cremated and her ashes scattered at sea off Santa Monica, California, in a private ceremony.
In 1970 Patrick was appointed national honorary chairman of the American Lung Association's Christmas Seals campaign.
In 1973 Patrick became the first national chairman of the American Diabetes Association Board of Directors.
The Gail Patrick Stage is a film soundstage that opened in 2008 at Columbia College Hollywood.
Patrick was a member of the film school's board of trustees and funded the facility through her estate. 
She was twice married, first to Alexander Sloan Nibley and then to David Abraham Katcher.

Gale Dixon died of pancreatic cancer in Santa Monica, California on May 1, 2012. 
In 1923, Gale Henry and her husband, Henry East, began training dogs for motion pictures.
 Gale Page Gale Page was an American singer and actress, born Sally Perkins Rutter in Spokane, Washington.
Senator from Washington and great-granddaughter of Joseph Gale, the first chief executive of Oregon .
Page was a radio actress and singer before being signed to a Hollywood film contract by Warner Brothers in 1938.
On August 17, 1942, Page married Count Aldo Solito de Solis, a pianist and composer.
She was earlier married to Frederick M. Tritschler, with whom she had one child, a son.
She studied acting at the Minneapolis School of Dramatic Arts before joining the John Keller Shakespeare Company.
After becoming a member of the Theatre Guild, she began performing on the New York stage.
One was as a glamorous wicked witch, and another as a conventionally ugly wicked witch.
Sondergaard was first married in 1922 to actor Neill O'Malley; they divorced in 1930.
She died from cerebrovascular thrombosis in Woodland Hills, California at the age of 86. 
Beauvais was born in Haiti, to Marie-Claire Beauvais, a nurse, and Axel Jean Pierre, a lawyer.
Beauvais married Mike Nilon, an Agent for the Creative Artists Agency, on May 12, 2001.
In April 2010, it was reported that Beauvais had discovered a five-year extramarital affair by Nilon.
Beauvais filed for divorce from Nilon on May 10, 2010, seeking joint custody of their sons.
 Gates McFadden Cheryl Gates McFadden , usually credited as Gates McFadden, is an American actress and choreographer.
After graduating from Brandeis, she moved to Paris and studied theatre with actor Jacques Lecoq.
Another important aspect of the character was being a widow balancing motherhood and a career.
Muldaur's character, Dr. Katherine Pulaski, didn't make it to the third season.
In the spring of 2006, McFadden appeared in a series of television commercials for Microsoft.
She has been Artistic Director of Ensemble Studio Theatre of Los Angeles since January 2009.
McFadden is married to John Talbot and has one son, James, born in 1991.
The daughter of Colonel Sam Lloyd Hunnicutt and Mary Virginia Hunnicutt, she was born in Fort Worth, Texas.
Hunnicutt attended the University of California, Los Angeles on a scholarship to study English literature and theatre.
Hunnicutt subsequently married journalist Sir Simon Jenkins; the couple lived in Primrose Hill, London.
After she moved to England with Hemmings in 1970, Hunnicutt was able to use the finer range of her acting.
Davis attended Wareham High School and was an exchange student in Sandviken, Sweden, becoming fluent in Swedish.
Enrolling at New England College, she graduated with a bachelor's degree in drama from Boston University in 1979.
Davis is a member of Mensa, a social organization whose members are in the top 2% of intelligence.
For her work in this field she received an honorary Doctor of Fine Arts degree from Bates College in May 2009.
The Bentonville Film Festival will occur May 5–9, 2015 and will begin accepting submissions on January 15.
Her mother, Mary Allen , was a housewife who later worked as an actress under the stage name Lady Rowlands.
He was a member of the Wisconsin Progressive Party, and was of Welsh descent.
From 1947–50, she attended the University of Wisconsin, where she was a popular student already renowned for her beauty.
She left for New York City to study drama at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts.
In the early 1950s, Rowlands performed with repertory theatre companies and at the Provincetown Playhouse.
Rowlands was married to John Cassavetes from April 9, 1954, until his death on February 3, 1989.
Rowlands has stated that she was a big fan of actress Bette Davis whilst growing up.
A writer, director and actress in films from early 1906 to 1920, she wrote screenplays for 31 films.
She had a brother, Richard Gauntier Liggett and a sister, Marguerite Gauntier Liggett.
Tierney was born in Brooklyn, New York, the daughter of Howard Sherwood Tierney and Belle Lavina Taylor.
She had an elder brother, Howard Sherwood “Butch” Tierney, Jr., and a younger sister, Patricia “Pat” Tierney.
Their father was a successful insurance broker of Irish descent, their mother a former physical education instructor.
Tierney attended St. Margaret's School in Waterbury, Connecticut, and the Unquowa School in Fairfield.
She returned to the U.S. in 1938 and attended Miss Porter's School in Connecticut.
Director Anatole Litvak, taken by the 17-year-old’s beauty, told her that she should become an actress.
Tierney's society debut occurred on September 24, 1938, when she was 17 years old.
Tierney's father set up a corporation, Belle-Tier, to fund and promote her acting career.
Later that night, Zanuck dropped by the Stork Club, where he saw a young lady on the dance floor.
After one scene, which took from noon until five to get, I was almost in tears from listening to Lubitsch shout at me.
The next day I sought him out, looked him in the eye, and said, 'Mr.
'Yes', I said, 'and I'm paid to take it – but not enough.'
With difficult events in her personal life, Tierney struggled for years with episodes of manic depression.
Her parents opposed the marriage, as he was from a Russian-Italian family and born in Europe.
In June 1943, while pregnant with Daria, Tierney contracted rubella , likely from a fan ill with the disease.
Daria was born prematurely in Washington, DC, weighing three pounds, two ounces and requiring a total blood transfusion.
The rubella caused congenital damage: Daria was deaf, partially blind with cataracts, and severely mentally disabled.
Tierney's friend Howard Hughes paid for Daria's medical expenses, ensuring the girl received the best care.
Tierney and Cassini separated October 20, 1946, and entered into a property settlement agreement November 10, 1946.
An uncontested divorce followed in California; their final divorce decree was dated March 13, 1948.
In 1960, Tierney sent Kennedy a note of congratulations on his victory in the presidential election.
In 1958, Tierney met Texas oil baron W. Howard Lee, who had been married to actress Hedy Lamarr since 1953.
They lived quietly in Houston, Texas, and Florida until his death in 1981.
Tierney's second husband, W. Howard Lee, died on February 17, 1981 after a long illness.
Tina died on March 31, 2015, of ovarian cancer in Paris, France.
Hence, despite the claim, her parents were not from Lancashire, England, or from Ireland.
She appeared in a few films as a child, and formed a double act with her sister Vivian.
Following her education in Paris and New York, Tobin concentrated on a stage career in New York.
 Georgann Johnson Georgann Johnson is a retired American actress of stage, film and television.
The tall, statuesque Johnson was born in Decorah, Iowa to George and Helen Johnson.
She attended Decorah High School, Luther College and Northwestern University before becoming an actress in 1952.
A Republican, he previously served as a congressman, an ambassador, and Director of Central Intelligence.
He is also the last living former President who is a veteran of World War II.
Prior to his son's presidency, he was known simply as George Bush or President Bush.
Bush was born in Milton, Massachusetts, to Senator Prescott Bush and Dorothy Walker Bush.
In 1988, Bush ran a successful campaign to succeed Reagan as President, defeating Democratic opponent Michael Dukakis.
Domestically, Bush and after a struggle with Congress, signed an increase in taxes that Congress had passed.
His second son, Jeb Bush, served as the 43rd Governor of Florida and is currently running for president.
The Bush family moved from Milton to Greenwich, Connecticut, shortly after his birth.
Following the attack on Pearl Harbor in December 1941, Bush decided to join the US.
Navy, so after graduating from Phillips Academy in 1942, he became a naval aviator at the age of 18.
Bush piloted one of four Grumman TBM Avenger aircraft from VT-51 that attacked the Japanese installations on Chichijima.
Several of those shot down during the attack were executed and eaten by their captors.
Upon the Japanese surrender in 1945, Bush was honorably discharged in September of that year.
George Bush married Barbara Pierce on January 6, 1945, only weeks after his return from the Pacific.
He was a member of the Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity and was elected its president.
As the team captain, Bush met Babe Ruth before a game during his senior year.
He was also, like his father, a member of the Yale cheerleading squad.
Late in his junior year he was, like his father Prescott Bush , initiated into the Skull and Bones secret society.
He graduated as a member of the Phi Beta Kappa from Yale in 1948 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics.
In 1954 he was named president of the Zapata Offshore Company, a subsidiary which specialized in offshore drilling.
In 1959, shortly after the subsidiary became independent, Bush moved the company and his family from Midland to Houston.
In the Republican primary, Bush easily defeated conservative Robert J. Morris, by a margin of 87.6% to 12.4%.
He was confirmed unanimously by the Senate, and served for two years, beginning in 1971.
Amidst the Watergate scandal, Nixon asked Bush to become chairman of the Republican National Committee in 1973.
Bush accepted, and held this position when the popularity of both Nixon and the Republican Party plummeted.
As chairman, Bush formally requested that Nixon eventually resign for the good of the Republican party.
Gerald Ford, Nixon's successor, appointed Bush to be Chief of the U.S. Liaison Office in the People's Republic of China.
The 14 months that he spent in China were largely seen as beneficial for U.S.-China relations.
After Ford's accession to the presidency, Bush was under serious consideration for being nominated as Vice President.
In 1976 Ford brought Bush back to Washington to become Director of Central Intelligence , replacing William Colby.
He served in this role for 357 days, from January 30, 1976, to January 20, 1977.
Between 1977 and 1979, he was a director of the Council on Foreign Relations foreign policy organization.
His strategy proved useful, to some degree, as he won in Iowa with 31.5% to Reagan's 29.4%.
Reagan invited the other four candidates as well, but Bush refused to debate them, and eventually they left.
Bush ended up losing New Hampshire's primary with 23% to Reagan's 50%.
Bush lost most of the remaining primaries as well, and formally dropped out of the race in May of that year.
This made a positive impression on Reagan, who recovered and returned to work within two weeks.
From then on, the two men would have regular Thursday lunches in the Oval Office.
Bush was assigned by Reagan to chair two special task forces, on deregulation and international drug smuggling.
The drug smuggling task force coordinated federal efforts to reduce the quantity of drugs entering the United States.
Both were popular issues with conservatives, and Bush, largely a moderate, began courting them through his work.
Early into his second term as Vice President, Bush and his aides were planning a run for the presidency in 1988.
By the end of 1985, a committee had been established and over two million dollars raised for Bush.
In 1988 the USS Vincennes accidentally shot down Iran Air Flight 655 killing 290 passengers.
Much like Reagan did in 1980, Bush reorganized his staff and concentrated on the New Hampshire primary.
Leading up to the 1988 Republican National Convention, there was much speculation as to Bush's choice of running mate.
The general election campaign between the two men has been described as one of the nastiest in modern times.
Bush defeated Dukakis and his running mate, Lloyd Bentsen, in the Electoral College, by 426 to 111 .
In the nationwide popular vote, Bush took 53.4% of the ballots cast while Dukakis received 45.6%.
Early in his term, Bush faced the problem of what to do with leftover deficits spawned by the Reagan years.
At $220 billion in 1990, the deficit had grown to three times its size since 1980.
Although he originally demanded a reduction in the capital gains tax, Bush relented on this issue as well.
Coming at around the same time as the budget deal, America entered into a mild recession, lasting for six months.
As the unemployment rate edged upward in 1991, Bush signed a bill providing additional benefits for unemployed workers.
The year 1991 was marked by many corporate reorganizations, which laid off a substantial number of workers.
Many now unemployed were Republicans and independents, who had believed that their jobs were secure.
In September 1992, the Census Bureau reported that 14.2% of all Americans lived in poverty.
At a press conference in 1990, Bush told reporters that he found foreign policy more enjoyable.
In 1998, Bush received the for his pioneering leadership of the U.S. space program.
Bush feared racial quotas would be imposed, but later approved watered-down Civil Rights Act of 1991.
He worked to increase federal spending for education, childcare, and advanced technology research.
In dealing with the environment, Bush reauthorized the Clean Air Act, requiring cleaner burning fuels.
Bush signed the Immigration Act of 1990, which led to a 40 percent increase in legal immigration to the United States.
In March 1989, he placed a temporary ban on the import of certain semiautomatic rifles.
In 2012, Points of Light mobilized 4 million volunteers in 30 million hours of service worth $635 million.
Bush appointed the following Justices to the Supreme Court of the United States: Other courts.
Among these appointments was Vaughn R. Walker, who would later be revealed to be the earliest known gay federal judge.
The mission was controversial, but American forces achieved control of the country and Endara assumed the Presidency.
And we would like our relations to develop in such a way that they would open greater possibilities for cooperation...
The meeting was received as a very important step to the end of the Cold War.
Iraq made attempts to negotiate a deal that would allow the country to take control of half of Kuwait.
This pace would continue for the next four weeks, until a ground invasion was launched on February 24, 1991.
Bush needed a renewal of negotiating authority to move forward with the NAFTA trade talks.
While initial signing was possible during his term, negotiations made slow, but steady, progress.
As other presidents have done, Bush issued a series of pardons during his last days in office.
In 1993, he was made an Honorary Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath by Queen Elizabeth II.
As a result, many leading Democrats declined to seek their party's presidential nomination.
But an economic recession, and doubts of whether Bush ended the Gulf War properly, reduced his popularity.
Bush responded by adopting more conservative positions on issues, in an attempt to undermine Buchanan's base.
Clinton had originally been in the lead, until Perot reentered, tightening the race significantly.
In doing so, Bush alienated many members of his conservative base, losing their support for his re-election.
By December 2008, 60% of Americans gave Bush's presidency a positive rating.
Ultimately they built their retirement house in the community of West Oaks, near Tanglewood.
At 70 years as of January 2015, they still hold the record, by a year and a half, over Jimmy and Rosalynn Carter.
Bush holds his own fishing tournament in Islamorada, an island in the Florida Keys.
He was the third American president to receive the honor, the others being Dwight D. Eisenhower and Ronald Reagan.
Kuwaiti authorities arrested 17 people allegedly involved in using a car bomb to kill Bush.
Ambassador to the UN Madeleine Albright went before the Security Council to present evidence of the Iraqi plot.
He and Mrs. Bush attended the state funeral of Ronald Reagan in June 2004, and of Gerald Ford in January 2007.
Upon the death of Gerald Ford, Bush became the oldest living president, 111 days older than Jimmy Carter.
On February 18, 2008, Bush formally endorsed Senator John McCain for the presidency of the United States.
On June 12, 2014, Bush fulfilled a long-standing promise by skydiving on his 90th birthday.
He made the parachute jump from a helicopter near his home at 11:15 a.m. in Kennebunkport, Maine.
The eldest son of Barbara and George H. W. Bush, he was born in New Haven, Connecticut.
After graduating from Yale University in 1968 and Harvard Business School in 1975, he worked in oil businesses.
He married Laura Welch in 1977 and ran unsuccessfully for the House of Representatives shortly thereafter.
He is the second president to have been the son of a former president, the first having been John Quincy Adams.
Eight months into Bush's first term as president, the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks occurred.
His tenure saw national debates on immigration, Social Security, electronic surveillance, and torture.
Amid this criticism, the Democratic Party regained control of Congress in the 2006 elections.
Bush left office in 2009 and since then, he has returned to Texas and purchased a home in a suburban area of Dallas.
He was raised in Midland and Houston, Texas, with four siblings, Jeb, Neil, Marvin and Dorothy.
Another younger sister, Robin, died from leukemia at the age of three in 1953.
Bush has English and some German ancestry, along with more distant Dutch, Welsh, Irish, French, and Scottish roots.
He then went to The Kinkaid School, a prep school in Houston for two years.
Beginning in the fall of 1973, Bush attended the Harvard Business School, where he earned an M.B.A. degree.
He is the only U.S. President to have earned an M.B.A. Texas Air National Guard.
In 1972, Bush was suspended from flying for failure to take a scheduled physical exam.
At a backyard barbecue in 1977, friends introduced him to Laura Lane Welch, a school teacher and librarian.
Bush proposed to her after a three-month courtship, and they married on November 5 of that year.
Bush left his family's Episcopal Church to join his wife's United Methodist Church.
He pleaded guilty, was fined $150 and had his Maine driver's license briefly suspended.
Bush has been an avid reader throughout his adult life, preferring biographies and histories.
He also read 14 Lincoln biographies and, during the last three years of his presidency, he reportedly read 186 books.
In 1978, Bush ran for the House of Representatives from Texas's 19th congressional district.
His opponent, Kent Hance, portrayed him as out of touch with rural Texans.
He returned to the oil industry and began a series of small, independent oil exploration companies.
In 1984, his company merged with the larger Spectrum 7, and Bush became chairman.
Bush moved his family to Washington, D.C. in 1988 to work on his father's campaign for the U.S. presidency.
He served as a campaign adviser and liaison to the media; he assisted his father by campaigning across the country.
Bush's sale of his shares in the Rangers in 1998 brought him over $15 million from his initial $800,000 investment.
The prior month, his father asked him to tell White House chief of staff John H. Sununu that he should resign.
His campaign focused on four themes: welfare reform, tort reform, crime reduction, and education improvement.
After easily winning the Republican primary, Bush faced popular Democratic incumbent Governor Ann Richards.
In the course of the campaign, Bush pledged to sign a bill allowing Texans to obtain permits to carry concealed weapons.
Bush used a budget surplus to push through Texas's largest tax-cut, $2 billion.
Critics contended that during his tenure, Texas ranked near the bottom in environmental evaluations.
Supporters pointed to his efforts to raise the salaries of teachers and improve educational test scores.
He became the first governor in Texas history to be elected to two consecutive four-year terms.
Throughout Bush's first term, national attention focused on him as a potential future presidential candidate.
In June 1999, while Governor of Texas, Bush announced his candidacy for President of the United States.
Bush portrayed himself as a compassionate conservative, implying he was more centrist than other Republicans.
Bush continued to campaign across the country and touted his record as Governor of Texas.
Bush's campaign criticized his Democratic opponent, incumbent Vice President Al Gore, over gun control and taxation.
When the election returns came in on November 7, Bush won 29 states, including Florida.
The machine recount showed that Bush had won the Florida vote by a margin of 537 votes out of six million cast.
In 2004, Bush commanded broad support in the Republican Party and did not encounter a primary challenge.
He appointed Ken Mehlman as campaign manager, with a political strategy devised by Karl Rove.
Bush also called for the implementation of a guest worker program for immigrants, which was criticized by conservatives.
The Bush campaign portrayed Kerry as a staunch liberal who would raise taxes and increase the size of government.
In the election, Bush carried 31 of 50 states, receiving a total of 286 electoral votes.
The previous President to win an absolute majority of the popular vote was Bush's father in the 1988 election.
Bush took office during a period of economic recession in the wake of the bursting of the Dot-com bubble.
The surplus in fiscal year 2000 was $237 billion—the third consecutive surplus and the largest surplus ever.
In 2001, Bush's budget estimated that there would be a $5.6 trillion surplus over the next ten years.
By 2003, the economy showed signs of improvement, though job growth remained stagnant.
During the 2001 to 2008 years, GDP grew at an average annual rate of 2.125 percent, less than for past business cycles.
When Bush left office, the average was at 7,949, one of the lowest levels of his presidency.
The poverty rate increased from 11.3 percent in 2000 to 12.3 percent in 2006 after peaking at 12.7 percent in 2004.
Bush, meanwhile, proposed a financial rescue plan to buy back a large portion of the U.S. mortgage market.
In November 2008, over 500,000 jobs were lost, which marked the largest loss of jobs in the United States in 34 years.
The Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that in the last four months of 2008, 1.9 million jobs were lost.
By the end of 2008, the U.S. had lost a total of 2.6 million jobs.
Funding for the NIH was cut in 2006, the first such cut in 36 years, due to rising inflation.
The retired persons lobby group AARP worked with the Bush Administration on the program and gave their endorsement.
Bush made it the centerpiece of his domestic agenda despite opposition from some in the U.S. Congress.
He also cited that the Senate had voted 95–0 in 1997 on a resolution expressing its disapproval of the protocol.
The initiative was introduced to Congress, but failed to make it out of committee.
However, the move was largely symbolic as there is still a federal law banning offshore drilling.
In the short run, the American economy will continue to rely largely on oil.
On May 21, 2008 President George W. Bush signed into law the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act .
The bill was eventually defeated in the Senate on June 28, 2007, when a cloture motion failed on a 46–53 vote.
The Bush administration later proposed a series of immigration enforcement measures that do not require a change in law.
Hurricane Katrina, one of the most damaging natural disasters in U.S. history, struck early in Bush's second term.
Three days later, on September 2, National Guard troops first entered the city of New Orleans.
It has been argued that with Katrina, Bush passed a political tipping point from which he would not recover.
On March 10, 2008, the Congress filed a federal lawsuit to enforce their issued subpoenas.
In all, twelve Justice Department officials resigned rather than testify under oath before Congress.
According to the prosecutors, there was insufficient evidence to pursue prosecution for any criminal offense.
In his 2002 State of the Union Address, Bush referred to an axis of evil including Iraq, Iran and North Korea.
Bush began his second term with an emphasis on improving strained relations with European nations.
In March 2006, a visit to India led to renewed ties between the two countries, reversing decades of U.S. policy.
The relationship between India and the United States was one that dramatically improved during Bush's tenure.
That evening, he addressed the nation from the Oval Office, promising a strong response to the attacks.
He also emphasized the need for the nation to come together and comfort the families of the victims.
The Bush Administration asserted both a right and the intention to wage preemptive war, or preventive war.
Dissent and criticism of Bush's leadership in the War on Terror increased as the war in Iraq continued.
Later that month the UN had installed the Afghan Transitional Administration chaired by Hamid Karzai.
It was not until May 2011, two years after Bush left office, that bin Laden was killed by U.S. forces.
Bin Laden's successor, Ayman al-Zawahiri, as well as the leader of the Taliban, Mohammed Omar, remain at large.
As a result, Bush commissioned 3,500 additional troops to the country in March 2007.
Bush's policies met with criticism, including demands domestically to set a timetable to withdraw troops from Iraq.
In January 2005, free, democratic elections were held in Iraq for the first time in 50 years.
This led to the election of Jalal Talabani as President and Nouri al-Maliki as Prime Minister of Iraq.
A referendum to approve a constitution in Iraq was held in October 2005, supported by most Shiites and many Kurds.
This was a result of a series of three-way talks initiated by the United States and including China.
On September 2, 2007, North Korea agreed to disclose and dismantle all of its nuclear programs by the end of 2007.
By May 2009, North Korea had restarted its nuclear program and threatened to attack South Korea.
The U.S. government has spent some $44 billion on the project since 2003 , saving an estimated 5 million lives.
It landed in the crowd about from the podium after hitting a girl, but it did not detonate.
Arutyunian was arrested in July 2005, confessed, was convicted and was given a life sentence in January 2006.
From 2003 to 2004, Bush authorized U.S. military intervention in Haiti and Liberia to protect U.S. interests.
On June 10, 2007, he met with Albanian Prime Minister Sali Berisha and became the first president to visit Albania.
In 2008, in the course of a good-will trip to Asia, he attended the Summer Olympics in Beijing.
Tubb said he recommended the additional time to make sure the sedative had no after effects.
Roberts was confirmed by the Senate as the 17th Chief Justice on September 29, 2005.
On October 3, 2005, Bush nominated long time White House Counsel Harriet Miers for O'Connor's position.
Four days later, on October 31, Bush nominated federal appellate judge Samuel Alito.
Both supporters and detractors have pointed to his country persona as reasons for their support or criticism.
It remained over 50 percent during most of his first term and then fell to as low as 19 percent in his second term.
In May 2004, Gallup reported that 89 percent of the Republican electorate approved of Bush.
Bush's approval rating went below the 50 percent mark in AP-Ipsos polling in December 2004.
Thereafter, his approval ratings and approval of his handling of domestic and foreign policy issues steadily dropped.
On August 6, 2013, Bush was successfully treated for a coronary artery blockage with a stent.
Much of these policies has endured in the administration of Bush's Democratic successor, Barack Obama.
Among the public, his reputation has improved somewhat since his presidency ended in 2009.
His 47 percent approval rating was equal to that of President Obama's in the same polling period.
He owned hundreds of slaves throughout his lifetime, but his views on slavery evolved.
His strategy enabled Continental forces to capture two major British armies at Saratoga in 1777 and Yorktown in 1781.
In battle, however, Washington was repeatedly outmaneuvered by British generals with larger armies.
Following unanimous election as President in 1789, he worked to unify rival factions in the fledgling nation.
Although he remained nonpartisan, never joining the Federalist Party, he largely supported their policies.
He retired from the presidency in 1797, returning to his home and plantation at Mount Vernon.
His father died when George was eleven years old and his half-brother Lawrence became a surrogate father and role model.
George inherited Ferry Farm upon his father's death and eventually acquired Mount Vernon after Lawrence's death.
Talk of securing an appointment in the Royal Navy for him when he was 15 was dropped when his widowed mother objected.
Washington was hard to miss: At exactly six feet, he towered over most of his contemporaries.
However, Lawrence's health failed to improve, and he returned to Mount Vernon, where he would die in 1752.
Lawrence's position as Adjutant General of Virginia was divided into four offices after his death.
During this period, Washington became a Freemason while in Fredericksburg, although his involvement was minimal.
He delivered the letter to the local French commander Jacques Legardeur de Saint-Pierre, who politely refused to leave.
This increased notoriety helped him to obtain a commission to raise a company of 100 men and start his military career.
However, before he reached the area, a French force drove out colonial traders and began construction of Fort Duquesne.
Dinwiddie as well pressed in vain for the British military to incorporate the Virginia regiment into its ranks.
Washington did not return to military life until the outbreak of the revolution in 1775.
Washington learned to organize, train, drill, and discipline his companies and regiments.
He demonstrated his toughness and courage in the most difficult situations, including disasters and retreats.
However Washington's fortitude in his early years was sometimes manifested in less constructive ways.
On January 6, 1759, Washington married the wealthy widow Martha Dandridge Custis, then 28 years old.
Surviving letters suggest that he may have been in love at the time with Sally Fairfax, the wife of a friend.
George and Martha never had any children together—his earlier bout with smallpox in 1751 may have made him sterile.
The newlywed couple moved to Mount Vernon, near Alexandria, where he took up the life of a planter and political figure.
By 1775, Washington had doubled the size of Mount Vernon to , and had increased its slave population to over 100.
He also enjoyed going to dances and parties, in addition to the theater, races, and cockfights.
After the Battles of Lexington and Concord near Boston in April 1775, the colonies went to war.
Washington appeared at the Second Continental Congress in a military uniform, signaling that he was prepared for war.
Nominated by John Adams of Massachusetts, Washington was then appointed as a full General and Commander-in-chief.
First, in 1775–77, and again in 1781 he provided leadership of troops against the main British forces.
He recruited regulars and assigned Baron von Steuben, a veteran of the Prussian general staff, to train them.
The results of his general staff were mixed, as some of his favorites never mastered the art of command.
His long-term strategy was to maintain an army in the field at all times, and eventually this strategy worked.
American troops raided British arsenals, including some in the Caribbean, and some manufacturing was attempted.
They obtained a barely adequate supply by the end of 1776, mostly from France.
The British evacuated Boston in March 1776 and Washington moved his army to New York City.
In August 1776, British General William Howe launched a massive naval and land campaign designed to seize New York.
The Americans were heavily outnumbered, many men deserted, and Washington was badly beaten.
He led his army across the Delaware River to capture nearly 1,000 Hessians in Trenton, New Jersey.
Washington followed up his victory at Trenton with another over British regulars at Princeton in early January.
The British retreated to New York City and its environs, which they held until the peace treaty of 1783.
Washington's loss at Philadelphia prompted some members of Congress to consider removing Washington from command.
This movement, termed the Conway Cabal, failed after Washington's supporters rallied behind him.
Washington's army of 11,000 went into winter quarters at Valley Forge north of Philadelphia in December 1777.
Washington attacked them at Monmouth, fighting to an effective draw in one of the war's largest battles.
Afterwards, the British continued to head towards New York, and Washington moved his army outside of New York.
Washington at this time moved his headquarters from Middlebrook to New Windsor on the Hudson, with an army of 10,000.
After his success there Clinton returned victorious to New York, leaving Cornwallis in the south.
Washington was shocked to learn of the treason of Benedict Arnold, who had contributed significantly to the war effort.
Washington's army went into winter quarters at New Windsor in 1780 and suffered again for lack of supplies.
The surrender at Yorktown on October 19, 1781, marked the end of major fighting in continental North America.
Though substantial combat had ended, the war had not, and a formal treaty of peace was months away, creating tension.
The British still had 26,000 troops occupying New York City, Charleston and Savannah, together with a powerful fleet.
The French army and navy departed, so the Americans were on their own in 1782–83.
At one point the mutineers forced an adjournment of the Congress from Philadelphia to Princeton.
The original proposal was defeated in Congress in two votes with a truncated version also being rejected in April 1784.
By the Treaty of Paris , Great Britain recognized the independence of the United States.
Washington disbanded his army and, on November 2, gave an eloquent farewell address to his soldiers.
On November 25, the British evacuated New York City, and Washington and the governor took possession.
Following the Convention, his support convinced many, but not all of his colleagues, to vote for ratification.
John Adams, who received the next highest vote total, was elected Vice President.
His closest advisors formed two factions, setting the framework for the future First Party System.
Though Jefferson left the cabinet voluntarily, Washington never forgave him, and never spoke to him again.
Many in the Congress and elsewhere in the government profited from trading in the debt paper which was assumed.
Washington denounced the societies and demanded the French government recall Genêt, which they did.
After retiring from the presidency in March 1797, Washington returned to Mount Vernon with a profound sense of relief.
Thereafter, instead of seeking great political power, he returned as quickly as possible to cultivating his lands.
Washington died at home around 10 p.m. on Saturday, December 14, 1799, aged 67.
On December 18, 1799, a funeral was held at Mount Vernon, where his body was interred.
In 1831, for the centennial of his birth, a new tomb was constructed to receive his remains.
After the ceremony, the inner vault's door was closed and the key was thrown into the Potomac.
Such was the man America has lost—such was the man for whom our nation mourns.
Lee's words set the standard by which Washington's overwhelming reputation was impressed upon the American memory.
Starting with victory in their Revolution, there were many proposals to build a monument to Washington.
Today, Washington's face and image are often used as national symbols of the United States.
He appears on contemporary currency, including the one-dollar bill and the quarter coin, and on U.S. postage stamps.
The Washington Monument, one of the best known American landmarks, was built in his honor.
The state of Washington is the only state to be named after a United States President.
The first statue to show Washington on horseback was dedicated in 1856 and is located in Manhattan's Union Square.
It contains over 17,000 letters and documents and is available online from the University of Virginia.
It contains everything written by Washington, or signed by him, together with most of his incoming letters.
The year before his uncle's death, Bushrod became an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.
A popular myth is that he wore a wig, as was the fashion among some at the time.
Washington's height was variously recorded as to , and he had unusually great physical strength that amazed younger men.
Washington was an excellent dancer and frequently attended the theater, often referencing Shakespeare in letters.
He lost his first adult tooth when he was twenty-two and had only one left by the time he became President.
He had several sets of false teeth made, four of them by a dentist named John Greenwood.
The set made when he became President was carved from hippopotamus and elephant ivory, held together with gold springs.
He privately opposed slavery as an institution which he viewed as economically unsound and morally indefensible.
Washington had owned slaves since the death of his father in 1743, when at the age of eleven, he inherited 10 slaves.
The last record of a slave purchase by him was in 1772, although he later received some slaves in repayment of debts.
Washington would eventually replace the slaves at the President's House with immigrant German indentured servants.
Hercules, who had earlier escaped Washington, was freed and no longer a fugitive slave.
For his entire life he was affiliated with the Anglican Church, later called the Episcopal Church.
In his collected works, they appear in an official letter to Indians that might have been drafted by an aide.
However, unlike the deists, the theological rationalists believed in the efficacy of prayer to God.
Before the Revolutionary War he was Anglican—Church of England—which meant after the war, he was Episcopalian.
The creation of the federal government and the prosperity of the early republic, he credits to Providence ...
He had a high regard for the Masonic Order and often praised it, but he seldom attended lodge meetings.
In 1788, Washington, with his personal consent, was named Master in the Virginia charter of Alexandria Lodge No.
George Washington appears on contemporary U.S. currency, including the one-dollar bill and the quarter-dollar coin .
Washington, along with Benjamin Franklin, appeared on the nation's first postage stamps in 1847.
Since that time Washington has appeared on many postage issues, more than all other presidents combined.
Georgia is a unitary, semi-presidential republic, with the government elected through a representative democracy.
During the classical era, several independent kingdoms became established in what is now Georgia.
The latter's rule over Georgia was confirmed in 1813 through the Treaty of Gulistan with Qajar Iran.
After independence in 1991, post-communist Georgia suffered from civil unrest and economic crisis for most of the 1990s.
Georgia is a member of the Council of Europe and the GUAM Organization for Democracy and Economic Development.
Ancient Greeks and Romans referred to early western Georgians as Colchians and eastern Georgians as Iberians .
The classical period saw the rise of the early Georgian states Diauehi , Colchis , Sper and Iberia .
From the first centuries A.D, the cult of Mithras, pagan beliefs, and Zoroastrianism were commonly practised in Georgia.
This made it easy for Arabs to conquer most of eastern Georgia in the 7th century.
From the 7th century to the 10th century, Georgia was part of the Khazar empire.
The prince Ashot I – also known as Ashot Kurapalat – became the first of the Bagrationi family to rule the kingdom.
The 29-year reign of Tamar, the first female ruler of Georgia, is considered the most successful in Georgian history.
He stabilized Eastern Georgia to a degree and was able to guarantee its autonomy throughout the Iranian Zand period.
Russian suzerainty over eastern Georgia was officially finalized with Iran in 1813 following the Treaty of Gulistan.
Following the annexation of eastern Georgia, the western Georgian kingdom of Imereti was annexed by Tsar Alexander I.
The last Imeretian king and the last Georgian Bagrationi ruler, Solomon II, died in exile in 1815.
The principality of Guria was abolished and incorporated into the Empire in 1828, and that of Mingrelia in 1857.
Georgia was incorporated into the Transcaucasian SFSR, which united Georgia, Armenia and Azerbaijan.
Later, in 1936, the TSFSR was disaggregated into its component elements and Georgia became the Georgian SSR.
Joseph Stalin, an ethnic Georgian born Ioseb Besarionis Dze Jugashvili in Gori, was prominent among the Bolsheviks.
Stalin was to rise to the highest position, leading the Soviet Union from 3 April 1922 until his death on 5 March 1953.
From 1941 to 1945, during World War II, almost 700,000 Georgians fought in the Red Army against Nazi Germany.
On 9 April 1989, a peaceful demonstration in Tbilisi ended with several people being killed by Soviet troops.
On 9 April 1991, shortly before the collapse of the Soviet Union, Georgia declared independence.
On 26 May 1991, Gamsakhurdia was elected as a first President of independent Georgia.
The country became embroiled in a bitter civil war, which lasted until nearly 1995.
Success in Ajaria encouraged Saakashvili to intensify his efforts, but without success, in breakaway South Ossetia.
On 7 August, Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili, ordered a unilateral ceasefire at about 7 p.m.
Georgia launched a large-scale military operation against South Ossetia during the night of 7–8 August 2008.
After the heights around Tskhinvali were secured, Georgian troops with tanks and artillery support entered the town.
According to Russian military commander, over 10 Russian peacekeepers were killed on 8 August.
Russian and Abkhaz forces opened a second front by attacking the Kodori Gorge, held by Georgia.
Through mediation by President of France Nicolas Sarkozy, the parties reached a ceasefire agreement on 12 August.
On 17 August, Dmitry Medvedev announced that Russian forces were to begin withdrawal on the next day.
On 8 October, Russian forces withdrew from the buffer zones adjacent to Abkhazia and South Ossetia.
The control of the buffer zones was handed over to the EU monitoring mission in Georgia.
The executive branch of power is made up of the President and the Cabinet of Georgia.
The Cabinet is composed of ministers, headed by the Prime Minister, and appointed by the President.
Giorgi Margvelashvili is the current President of Georgia after winning 62.12% of the vote in the 2013 election.
On December 28, Parliament amended the Law on Political Unions to regulate campaign and political party financing.
The growing U.S. and European Union influence in Georgia, notably through proposed EU and NATO membership, the U.S.
Georgia's decision to boost its presence in the coalition forces in Iraq was an important initiative.
In August 2004, the Individual Partnership Action Plan of Georgia was submitted officially to NATO.
On March 6–9, 2006, the IPAP implementation interim assessment team arrived in Tbilisi.
In 2006, the Georgian parliament voted unanimously for the bill which calls for integration of Georgia into NATO.
The street leading to Tbilisi International Airport has since been dubbed George W. Bush Avenue.
The Action Plan was formally approved at the EU-Georgia Cooperation Council session on 14 November 2006, in Brussels.
In Georgia, law enforcement is conducted and provided for by the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Georgia.
Intelligence collecting in the interests of national security is now the remit of the Georgian Intelligence Service.
Officially autonomous within Georgia, the de facto independent region of Abkhazia declared independence in 1999.
Historically, the western portion of Georgia was known as Colchis while the eastern plateau was called Iberia.
Because of a complex geographic setting, mountains also isolate the northern region of Svaneti from the rest of Georgia.
The highest mountain in Georgia is Mount Shkhara at , and the second highest is Mount Janga at above sea level.
Out of the 2,100 glaciers that exist in the Caucasus today, approximately 30% are located within Georgia.
In 2001, a Russian–Ukrainian team had set the world depth record for a cave at .
In October 2005, an unexplored part was found by the CAVEX team, further increasing the known depth of the cave.
Forests cover around 40% of Georgia's territory while the alpine she received at the exams.
As of 2008, 20 higher education institutions are accredited by the Ministry of Education and Science of Georgia.
Georgia is well known for its rich folklore, unique traditional music, theatre, cinema, and art.
Cross-dome architecture developed in Georgia during the 9th century; before that, most Georgian churches were basilicas.
One of the most famous late 19th/early 20th century Georgian artists is a primitivist painter Niko Pirosmani.
Georgia has a rich and vibrant musical tradition, primarily known for its early development of polyphony.
Georgian cuisine and wine have evolved through the centuries, adapting traditions in each era.
He also conducts the highly philosophical toasts, and makes sure that everyone is enjoying themselves.
The most popular sports in Georgia are football, basketball, rugby union, wrestling, judo, and weightlifting.
Within Georgia, one of the most popularized styles of wrestling is the Kakhetian style.
There were a number of other styles in the past that are not as widely used today.
Georgia Belden Backus was born October 13, 1901, in Columbus, Ohio, to a theatrical family.
Georgia Backus Alexander died September 7, 1983, in Sun City, California, and was buried at Forest Lawn Memorial Park.

Engel attended Walter Johnson High School and the Academy of the Washington Ballet from which she graduated.
After college, Engel appeared in musical productions with Washington's American Light Opera Company.
Instead, she became a dancer, dancing with the New York City Ballet, and a model.
She did not even know who Hitchcock was and did not consider herself an actress.
Hitchcock had selected her based on a publicity photo of her wearing a black leotard and green feather boa.
She died of natural causes and was survived by her husband of thirty years, actor Byron Palmer.
Rand Harper, who played the uncredited role of the honeymooning groom, also survives. 
As President, Ford signed the Helsinki Accords, marking a move toward détente in the Cold War.
After experiencing health problems, he died in his home on December 26, 2006.
From there, she moved to the home of her parents, Levi Addison Gardner and Adele Augusta Ayer in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Dorothy and King divorced in December 1913; she gained full custody of her son.
Ford's paternal grandfather Charles Henry King paid child support until shortly before his death in 1930.
Ford later told confidantes that his father had first hit his mother on their honeymoon for smiling at another man.
They never saw one another as children and he did not know them at all.
Ford was involved in the Boy Scouts of America, and earned that program's highest rank, Eagle Scout.
Scouting was so important to Ford that his family asked that Scouts participate in his funeral.
Ford attended Grand Rapids South High School and was a star athlete and captain of his football team.
In 1930, he was selected to the All-City team of the Grand Rapids City League.
The team suffered a steep decline in his 1934 senior year, however, winning only one game.
Even after protests from students, players and alumni, university officials opted to keep Ward out of the game.
Ford was Ward's best friend on the team and they roomed together while on road trips.
In honor of his athletic accomplishments and his later political career, the University of Michigan retired Ford's No.
Ford also visited with players and coaches during practices, at one point asking to join the players in the huddle.
He also selected the song to be played during his funeral procession at the U.S. Capitol.
Yale officials at first denied his admission to the law school because of his full-time coaching responsibilities.
His introduction to politics came in the summer of 1940 when he worked in Wendell Willkie's presidential campaign.
Ford graduated from law school in 1941, and was admitted to the Michigan bar shortly thereafter.
On April 20, he reported for active duty to the V-5 instructor school at Annapolis, Maryland.
In addition, he coached in all nine sports that were offered, but mostly in swimming, boxing and football.
Ford, serving as General Quarters Officer of the Deck, was ordered to go below to assess the raging fire.
He did so safely, and reported his findings back to the ship's commanding officer, Captain Stuart Ingersoll.
The ship's crew was able to contain the fire, and the ship got underway again.
In January 1946, he was sent to the Separation Center, Great Lakes to be processed out.
On June 28, 1946, the Secretary of the Navy accepted Ford's resignation from the Naval Reserve.
In the early 1950s, Ford declined offers to run for either the Senate or the Michigan governorship.
Ford was assigned to prepare a biography of Lee Harvey Oswald, the accused assassin.
Following the election, members of the Republican caucus looked to select a new Minority Leader.
Three members approached Ford to see if he would be willing to serve; after consulting with his family, he agreed.
After a closely contested election, Ford was chosen to replace Charles Halleck of Indiana as Minority Leader.
The Republicans had 140 seats in the House compared with the 295 seats held by the Democrats.
Ford's role shifted under President Nixon to being an advocate for the White House agenda.
Another high-profile victory for the Republican minority was the State and Local Fiscal Assistance act.
Passed in 1972, the act established a Revenue Sharing program for state and local governments.
On December 6, the House confirmed Ford by a vote of 387 to 35.
One hour after the confirmation vote in the House, Ford took the oath of office as Vice President of the United States.
The evidence left little doubt that President Nixon had been a part of the Watergate cover-up.
And I said, 'Betty, I don't think we're ever going to live in the vice president's house.
On August 20, Ford nominated former New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller to fill the vice presidency he had vacated.
It could go on and on and on, or someone must write the end to it.
They claimed Ford's pardon was granted in exchange for Nixon's resignation that elevated Ford to the presidency.
Ford's first press secretary and close friend Jerald terHorst resigned his post in protest after the pardon.
According to Bob Woodward, Nixon Chief of Staff Alexander Haig proposed a pardon deal to Ford.
He later decided to pardon Nixon for other reasons, primarily the friendship he and Nixon shared.
Full pardon for the draft dodgers, however, did not come about until the Carter Administration.
Ford's transition chairman and first Chief of Staff was former congressman and ambassador Donald Rumsfeld.
This was one more than the number needed for a two-thirds majority, necessary to override a Presidential veto .
At the time, inflation was believed to be the primary threat to the economy, more so than growing unemployment.
This plan would also take $4.4 billion out of the budget, bringing federal spending below $300 billion.
The vaccine was blamed for twenty-five deaths; more people died from the shots than from the swine flu.
Ford was an outspoken supporter of the Equal Rights Amendment, issuing Presidential Proclamation no.
Ford was criticized greatly for quickly switching from advocating a tax increase to a tax reduction.
In Congress, the proposed amount of the tax reduction increased to $22.8 billion in tax cuts and lacked spending cuts.
This resulted in a federal deficit of around $53 billion for the 1975 fiscal year and $73.7 billion for 1976.
Ford continued the détente policy with both the Soviet Union and China, easing the tensions of the Cold War.
In the Middle East and eastern Mediterranean, two ongoing international disputes developed into crises.
American offensive operations against North Vietnam had ended with the Paris Peace Accords, signed on January 27, 1973.
The Paris Peace Accords stipulated a sixty-day period for the total withdrawal of U.S. forces.
In December 1974, months after Ford took office, North Vietnamese forces invaded the province of Phuoc Long.
As North Vietnamese forces advanced, Ford requested aid for South Vietnam in a $522 million aid package.
The funds had been promised by the Nixon administration, but Congress voted against the proposal by a wide margin.
Two days later, on April 23, Ford gave a speech at Tulane University.
The 1975 Act appropriated $455 million toward the costs of assisting the settlement of Indochinese refugees.
Under Ford, a policy of arms sales to the Suharto regime began in 1975, before the invasion.
As Fromme pulled the trigger, Larry Buendorf, a Secret Service agent, grabbed the gun and Fromme was taken into custody.
Stevens had been a judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, appointed by President Nixon.
During his tenure as House Republican leader, Ford had led efforts to have Douglas impeached.
After the Democratic National Convention, he held a huge 33-point lead over Ford in the polls.
Also, on September 24, Ford performed well in what was the first televised presidential debate since 1960.
Polls taken after the debate showed that most viewers felt that Ford was the winner.
However, the phrasing was so awkward that questioner Max Frankel was visibly incredulous at the response.
Until Ford's death, Carter and his wife, Rosalynn, visited the Fords' home frequently.
Ford attacked Carter's conduct of the SALT II negotiations and foreign policy in the Middle East and Africa.
Ford was awarded an honorary doctorate at Central Connecticut State University on March 23, 1988.
After leaving the White House, Ford and his wife moved to Denver, Colorado.
Ford successfully invested in oil with Marvin Davis, which later provided an income for Ford's children.
A Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs Walk of Stars was dedicated to Ford in 1993.
The details of the interview were not released until after Ford's death, as he requested.
As Ford approached his 90th year, he began to experience health problems associated with old age.
On April 23, President George W. Bush visited Ford at his home in Rancho Mirage for a little over an hour.
This was Ford's last public appearance and produced the last known public photos, video footage and voice recording.
While vacationing in Vail, Colorado, he was hospitalized for two days in July 2006 for shortness of breath.
On August 21, it was reported that he had been fitted with a pacemaker.
On August 28, Ford was released from the hospital and returned with his wife Betty to their California home.
The previous day, Ford entered the Eisenhower Medical Center for undisclosed tests; he was released on October 16.
His age at the time of his death was 93 years and 165 days, making Ford the longest-lived U.S. President.
On December 30, 2006, Ford became the 11th U.S. President to lie in state.
After the service, Ford was interred at his Presidential Museum in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Ford was the longest-lived U.S. President, his lifespan being 45 days longer than Ronald Reagan's.
He was the third-longest-lived Vice President, falling short only of John Nance Garner, 98, and Levi P. Morton, 96.
Ford was the only person to hold the presidential office without being elected as either president or vice-president.
The trust the American people had in him was severely and rapidly tarnished by his pardon of Nixon.
His subsequent loss to Carter in 1976 has come to be seen as an honorable sacrifice he made for the nation.
Ford was honored with a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs Walk of Stars in 1999.
A native of New York City, Geraldine Stroock was born to a family descended from Dutch immigrants.
This time, she was in fourth place, behind top-tier stars Joan Crawford and Van Heflin and third-billed Raymond Massey.
In her third film, Warners allowed its new contract player to rise to the level of a co-star.
Geraldine Brooks died of a heart attack while battling cancer at Central Suffolk Hospital in Riverhead, New York.
Her interment was in Mount Sinai, New York's cemetery, Washington Memorial Park. 
Geraldine Chaplin was born in Santa Monica, California, the fourth child of filmmaker Charlie Chaplin.
She was the first of his eight children with his fourth and last wife, Oona O'Neill.
Geraldine negotiated with the kidnappers, who threatened to shoot her infant son in the knees.
In addition to her home in Miami, she also lives alternately between Madrid and Switzerland.
Farrar starred in more than a dozen films from 1915 to 1920, including Cecil B.
Her marriage to cinema actor Lou Tellegen on February 8, 1916 was the source of considerable scandal.
The marriage ended, as a result of her husband's numerous affairs, in a very public divorce in 1923.
Farrar quickly transitioned into concert recitals, and was signed to an appearance at Hershey Park on Memorial Day 1922.
Ring Lardner has one of his characters attend a performance of Carmen starring Farrar in the short story 'Carmen' .
He remarks it stars 'Genevieve Farr'r, that was in the movies a w'ile till they found out she could sing,'.
So I and my Missus and Mrs. Hatch clubbed together on the straps and I got an earful o' the real dope.
She is best known for her work in numerous television series often playing a motherly role.
Both Shirley Knight and Sandy Dennis played the youngest sister Irina at different stages in this production.
The production, which also starred Richard Chamberlain, Blythe Danner and Judith Ivey, was Page's last.
She did not win, and several days after the awards ceremony, she died.
The show lasted several weeks more, with co-star actress Patricia Conolly taking over Page's role.
In all, despite her relatively small filmography, Page received eight Academy Award nominations.
Page later received two Emmy Awards for her work in adaptations of Truman Capote stories.
In 1963, she married actor Rip Torn, who was six years her junior.
 Geraldine Wall Geraldine Wall was an American actress who had numerous stage, film and television credits.
When Betty Hutton replaced Judy Garland in the role of Annie Oakley, Benay Venuta took over the role of Dolly Tate.
With the dawn of television, like many other actors, Wall began working in the new medium in the 1950s.
Wall's death from pneumonia in 1970, at the age of 57, occurred in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles.
The title refers to the facts that she has cerebral palsy and is a lesbian.
There, she was discovered by a talent agent who signed her and got her parts in two commercials.
Reischl sang and played guitar in a California band by the name of Sand Dabs from 1974–76.
In the summer of 1976, Reischl toured the United States and Montreal doing an act with Canadian singer Rene Simard.

It includes 16 constituent states and covers an area of with a largely temperate seasonal climate.
With 81 million inhabitants, Germany is the most populous member state in the European Union.
After the United States, it is the second most popular migration destination in the world.
Beginning in the 10th century, German territories formed a central part of the Holy Roman Empire.
During the 16th century, northern German regions became the centre of the Protestant Reformation.
After World War I and the German Revolution of 1918–1919, the Empire was replaced by the parliamentary Weimar Republic.
The establishment of the Third Reich in 1933 led to World War II and the Holocaust.
Germany was a founding member of the European Communities in 1957, which became the European Union in 1993.
It is part of the Schengen Area, and became a co-founder of the Eurozone in 1999.
Germany is a member of the United Nations, NATO, the G8, the G20, and the OECD.
The discovery of the Mauer 1 mandible shows that ancient humans were present in Germany at least 600,000 years ago.
Evidence of modern humans, similarly dated, has been found in caves in the Swabian Jura near Ulm.
The Germanic tribes are thought to date from the Nordic Bronze Age or the Pre-Roman Iron Age.
In 9 CE, three Roman legions led by Varus were defeated by the Cheruscan leader Arminius.
After the invasion of the Huns in 375, and with the decline of Rome from 395, Germanic tribes moved further south-west.
Simultaneously several large tribes formed in what is now Germany and displaced the smaller Germanic tribes.
Large areas were occupied by the Franks, and Northern Germany was ruled by the Saxons and Slavs.
For 900 years, the history of Germany was intertwined with the history of the Holy Roman Empire.
The Holy Roman Empire included the eastern portion of Charlemagne's original kingdom and emerged as the strongest.
Its territory stretched from the Eider River in the north to the Mediterranean coast in the south.
From the Cologne War until the end of the Thirty Years' Wars , religious conflict devastated German lands.
The House of Habsburg held the imperial crown from 1438 until the death of Charles VI in 1740.
National and liberal ideals of the French Revolution gained increasing support among many, especially young, Germans.
The Hambach Festival in May 1832 was a main event in support of German unity, freedom and democracy.
King William I appointed Otto von Bismarck as the new Minister President of Prussia in 1862.
Germany has a civil law system based on Roman law with some references to Germanic law.
The German penal system seeks the rehabilitation of the criminal and the protection of the public.
Many of the fundamental matters of administrative law remain in the jurisdiction of the states.
Each state has its own state constitution and is largely autonomous in regard to its internal organisation.
Germany has a network of 227 diplomatic missions abroad and maintains relations with more than 190 countries.
it is the largest contributor to the budget of the European Union and the third largest contributor to the UN .
Germany is a member of NATO, the OECD, the G8, the G20, the World Bank and the IMF.
Germany promotes the creation of a more unified European political, economic and security apparatus.
It is the world's third biggest aid donor in 2009 after the United States and France.
Cultural ties and economic interests have crafted a bond between the two countries resulting in Atlanticism.
, military spending was an estimated 1.3% of the country's GDP, which is low in comparison with allied NATO members.
Reservists are available to the Armed Forces and participate in defence exercises and deployments abroad.
According to SIPRI, Germany was the fourth largest exporter of major arms in the world in 2014.
There are presently some 17,500 women on active duty and a number of female reservists.
The service sector contributes approximately 71% of the total GDP , industry 28%, and agriculture 1%.
With 7.1% Germany also has the lowest youth unemployment rate of all EU member states.
According to the OECD Germany has one of the highest labour productivity levels in the world.
Germany is part of the European single market which represents more than 508 million consumers.
Several domestic commercial policies are determined by agreements among European Union members and by EU legislation.
Around 1,000 of these companies are global market leaders in their segment and are labelled hidden champions.
With its central position in Europe, Germany is a transport hub for the continent.
Like its neighbours in Western Europe, Germany's road network is amongst the densest in the world.
The motorway network ranks as the third-largest worldwide in length and is known for its lack of a general speed limit.
As of 2015 the UNESCO inscribed 40 properties in Germany on the World Heritage List.
Ludwig van Beethoven was a crucial figure in the transition between the Classical and Romantic eras.
Karlheinz Stockhausen and Hans Zimmer are important composers of the 20th and early 21st centuries.
Germany is the second largest music market in Europe, and fourth largest in the world.
German electronic music gained global influence, with Kraftwerk and Tangerine Dream pioneering in this genre.
DJs and artists of the techno and house music scenes of Germany have become well known .
Major art exhibitions and festivals in Germany are the documenta, the Berlin Biennale, transmediale and Art Cologne.
Among many renowned Baroque masters were Pöppelmann, Balthasar Neumann, Knobelsdorff and the Asam brothers.
Notable sub-styles that evolved since the 18th century are the German spa and seaside resort architecture.
Expressionist architecture developed in the 1910s in Germany and influenced Art Deco and other modern styles, with e.g.
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe became one of the world's most renowned architects in the second half of the 20th century.
The collections of folk tales published by the Brothers Grimm popularised German folklore on an international level.
Germany comes third in quantity of books published, after the English and Chinese speaking book markets.
Germany's television market is the largest in Europe, with some 38 million TV households.
Germany's national radio network is the Deutschlandradio while ARD stations are covering local services.
Films of Leni Riefenstahl set new artistic standards, in particular Triumph of the Will.
German cuisine varies from region to region and often neighboring regions share some culinary similarities .
In 2012 over 99% of all meat produced in Germany was either pork, chicken or beef.
Germans produce their ubiquitous sausages in almost 1,500 varieties, including Bratwursts, Weisswursts, and Currywursts.
German beer consumption per person stands at in 2013 and remains among the highest in the world.
Twenty-seven million Germans are members of a sports club and an additional twelve million pursue sports individually.
Germany hosted the FIFA World Cup in 1974 and 2006 and the UEFA European Championship in 1988.
Water sports like sailing, rowing, and swimming are popular in Germany as well.
Porsche has won the 24 Hours of Le Mans race 17 times, and Audi 13 times .
Sebastian Vettel is also among the top three most successful Formula One drivers of all time.
The Berlin Fashion Week and the fashion trade fairs Bread & Butter are held twice a year.

Gerrianne Raphael was born in New York City on February 23 to Sidney, a concert pianist and Evelyn Raphael.
Gerrianne also has a piece of art permanently on display at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Her three daughters, Kristen Weaver, Deirdre Weaver and Kathleen Weaver are all married.
In New York she left the band to obtain film work and got a job as an extra before her career took off.
Astor was a prolific performer, between 1915 and 1962 she appeared in over 250 movies.
She continued to play bits in feature films throughout the 1940s, 1950s, and 1960s.
She is interred in the Abbey of Psalms in the Hollywood Forever Cemetery in Hollywood, CA. 
Bambrick retired from acting in 1916 after marrying Neilan, before her career could ever really take off.
Bambrick divorced Neilan in 1921 after discovering he was involved in an affair with early film actress Blanche Sweet.
Neilan went on to marry Sweet, and they divorced in 1929, when his career failed and he was in financial ruin.
Her career achievements include winning a Tony Award and an Emmy Award, both for Best Lead Actress.
She learned theater while producing skits at her father's Catskills Mountains resort in Fleischmanns, New York.
Berg continued to write the show's scripts by hand in pencil for as long as the program was on the air.
Early episodes portrayed the Goldberg family openly and personally struggling to adapt to American life.
Her characters Molly, Jake, Sammy and Rosie emphasized her day to day stories of Jewish immigration to America.
Radio seemed to lend a hand to new settlers and produced a common place to tie patriotism and families together.
The show remained in syndicated reruns for another few years, after one year of production and 39 episodes .
In 1961, Berg won the Sarah Siddons Award for her work in Chicago theatre.
She signed in as Gertrude Berg, however, the show used her alias of Molly Goldberg.
Berg died of heart failure on September 14, 1966, aged 66, at Doctors Hospital in Manhattan.

He received his medical degree from Harvard University in 1859 and upon graduation began his practice in Halifax.
Mary Fraser was a native of Halifax, Nova Scotia, and died in 1886, around the age of 40.
He later was named director of the Santa Barbara Museum of Natural History in California.
Ralph Hoffmann died from a fall while on a scientific expedition to California's Channel Islands in 1932.
She would go on to have a thirty-year career as a character actor appearing in a number of movies and television shows.
Gertrude W. Hoffmann died on February 13, 1968 in Santa Barbara, California, aged 96. 


During the 1930s her career took off, with her often starring alongside Bob Steele, Lane Chandler, and Harry Carey.
Her career slowed considerably in the 1940s, but she continued to act through the 1950s, mostly in uncredited roles.
She starred in a total of 52 films in her career, 11 of which were westerns, for which she would be best known.
Born as Lillian Gertrude Michael in Talladega, Alabama, she reportedly graduated from high school at the age of 14.
Michael died, aged 53, from undisclosed causes, in Beverly Hills, California. 
She obtained several more roles that same year, appearing in nine films in 1921, and another five in 1922.
From 1925 through 1929 she appeared in twenty eight films, most often portraying the heroine.
With the advent of sound film her career stalled, and she retired from acting in 1929.
In 1926 she met MGM director Robert Z. Leonard and they were married June 8 of that year.
After Leonard's death, Olmstead remained in the Los Angeles area, and died in Beverly Hills on January 18, 1975. 
She was born in New York, New York and died in Hollywood, California. 
 Gertrude Short Gertrude Short was an American film actress of the silent and early sound era.
She was born in Cincinnati, Ohio, and died in Hollywood, California, aged 66, from a heart attack. 
Numerous kingdoms and empires emerged over the centuries, of which the most powerful was the Kingdom of Ashanti.
In 1957, it became the first sub-saharan African nation to declare independence from European colonisation.
Ghana's economy is the ninth-largest on the Africa continent by purchasing power parity and nominal GDP.
Ghana's growing economic prosperity and democratic political system has made it a regional power in West Africa.
It is a member of the Non-Aligned Movement, the Economic Community of West African States and the Group of 24 .
This included the Ashanti Empire, the Akwamu, the Bonoman, the Denkyira, and the Mankessim Kingdom.
These states included Bonoman , Ashanti , Denkyira , Mankessim Kingdom , and Akwamu Eastern region.
The Mole-Dagombas came on horse-backs from present day Burkina Faso under a single leaders, Naa Gbewaa.
In 1617, the Dutch captured the Olnini Castle from the Portuguese, and Axim in 1642 .
The Gold Coast region declared independence from the United Kingdom on 6 March 1957 and established the nation of Ghana.
Nkrumah merged the teachings of Marcus Garvey, Martin Luther King, Jr. and the naturalised Ghanaian scholar W. E. B.
Ghana is located on the Gulf of Guinea, only a few degrees north of the Equator, therefore giving it a warm climate.
The northernmost part of Ghana is Pulmakong and the southernmost part of Ghana is Cape Three Points.
The climate of Ghana is tropical and there are two main seasons: the wet season and the dry season.
Ghana was ranked 7th in Africa out of 53 countries in the 2012 Ibrahim Index of African Governance.
In September 2010, Ghana's former President John Atta Mills visited China on an official visit.
The Ghana Police Service has eleven specialised police units including a Rapid deployment force and Marine Police Unit .
The Ghana Prisons Service and the sub-division Borstal Institute for Juveniles administers incarceration in Ghana.
These ships were carrying millions of kilograms of cocaine, with a street value running into billions of Ghana cedis.
GAF military operations are executed under the auspices and imperium of the Ministry of Defense Minister for Defence.
The Ghana atomic agency currently holds no intent for the production of Weapons of Mass Destruction.
The following paragraph is an example of such critique and Ghana respects such opinion although they remain unfounded.
Ghana is an average natural resource enriched country possessing industrial minerals, hydrocarbons and precious metals.
The economy of Ghana also has ties to the Chinese Yuan Renminbi along with Ghana's vast gold reserves.
The state-owned Volta River Authority and Ghana National Petroleum Corporation are the two major electricity producers.
In addition, the Government of Ghana has sought to build the second nuclear power plant in Africa.
The Ghana Stock Exchange was the 2nd best performing stock exchange in sub-saharan Africa in 2013.
Services account for 50% of GDP, followed by manufacturing , extractive industries , and taxes .
Ghana produces and exports an abundance of hydrocarbons such as sweet crude oil and natural gas.
Kumasi is growing at a faster rate than Accra, and there is less competition in its real estate market.
The Takoradi harbour and Tema harbour are operated by the state-owned Ghana Ports and Harbours Authority.
Ghana plans to become a major regional exporter of electrical power using oil from the Jubilee oil field.
Ghana had a score of 46 on a scale where a 0–9 score means highly corrupt, and a 90–100 score means very clean.
Thus, Ghana's public sector scored lower in 2013 than in 2012, according to CPI's scores.
Senior High School lasts three years and ends on the West African Secondary School Certificate Examination .
The Ghanaian education system from Kindergarten up to an undergraduate degree level takes 20 years.
The school year in Primary Education lasts 40 weeks in Primary School and SHS, and 45 weeks in JHS.
With over 95% of its children in school, Ghana currently has one of the highest school enrolment rates in all of Africa.
The ratio of females to males in the total education system was 96.38%, in 2011.
Ghana's education system annually attracts a high-number of foreign students particularly in the university sector.
The government largely funds basic education comprising public primary schools and public junior high schools.
Ghana has the largest bookshop in Africa, EPP Books Services located at the University of Ghana.
The female and male ages 15–24 years literacy rate in Ghana was 81% in 2010, with males at 82%, and females at 80%.
The Ghanaian education system from nursery school up to an undergraduate degree level takes 20 years.
In its first post-colonial census in 1960, Ghana had a population of 6.7 million.
The median age of Ghanaian citizens is 30 years old and the average household size is 3.6 persons.
In 2010, most of the 24.2 million inhabitants were predominantly citizens of the Ashanti territories or Ashantiland .
As of 2010, 4.1 million persons reside in the Dagbani territories or Kingdom of Dagbon .
English is the language of the state and is widely used as a lingua franca.
In 2013, there was a mass deportation of illegal miners, more than 4,000 of whom were Chinese nationals.
Fertility rate of Ghana declined from 3.99 to 3.28 with 2.78 in urban region and 3.94 in rural region.
According to a 2013 UNICEF report, 4% of women in Ghana have undergone female genital mutilation .
Ghana has a universal health care system strictly designated for Ghanaian nationals, National Health Insurance Scheme .
Urban centres are well served, and contain most of the hospitals, clinics, and pharmacies in Ghana.
There are over 200 hospitals in Ghana and Ghana is a destination for medical tourism.
There was an estimation of 15 physicians and 93 nurses per 100,000 persons in 2010.
5.2% of Ghana's GDP was spent on health in 2010, and all Ghanaian citizens have the right to access primary health care.
As of 2012, the HIV/AIDS prevalence was estimated at 1.40% among adults aged 15–49.
Ghanaian culture is a diverse mixture of the practices and beliefs of all the different Ghanaian people groups.
Fufu is the most common exported Ghanaian dish in that it is a delicacy aross the African diaspora.
The meanings of the motifs may be categorised into aesthetics, ethics, human relations, and concepts.
Cloths come in various colours, sizes and designs and are worn during very important social and religious occasions.
Many European and American designers are now using African prints and it has gained a Global interest.
Highlife originated in the late 19th century and early 20th century and spread throughout West Africa.
Ghanaian artists such as R&B and soul singer Rhian Benson and Sarkodie have had international success.
In 2009, Unesco described Nollywood as being the second-biggest film industry in the world after Bollywood.
Ghana finished 47th out of 102 participating nations, of whom 54 finished in the Alpine skiing slalom.
Kwame Nkrumah-Acheampong broke on the international skiing circuit, being the second black African skier to do so.
Ghana has museums that are situated inside castles, and two are situated inside a fort.
Tourist arrivals to Ghana include: South Americans, Asians, Europeans, and North Americans.
Of all the African countries that were included in the survey, Ghana ranked highest.
To enter Ghana, it is necessary to have a visa authorised by the Government of Ghana.
Travelers must apply for this visa at a Ghanaian embassy; this process can take approximately two weeks.
By law, visitors entering Ghana must be able to produce a yellow fever vaccination certificate. 

It has an area of and shares its northern border with the Province of Cádiz in Andalusia, Spain.
At its foot is a densely populated city area, home to over 30,000 Gibraltarians and other nationalities.
Today Gibraltar's economy is based largely on tourism, online gambling, financial services, and shipping.
Gibraltarians overwhelmingly rejected proposals for Spanish sovereignty in a 1967 referendum and again in 2002.
After the collapse of the Roman Empire, Gibraltar came briefly under the control of the Vandals.
In 1160, the Almohad Sultan Abd al-Mu'min ordered that a permanent settlement, including a castle, be built.
In 1462, Gibraltar was finally captured by Juan Alonso de Guzmán, 1st Duke of Medina Sidonia.
In the later 19th century there were major investments in improving the fortifications and the port.
During World War II, Gibraltar's civilian population was evacuated and the Rock was strengthened as a fortress.
In response, Spain completely closed the border with Gibraltar and severed all communication links.
The head of state is Queen Elizabeth II, who is represented by the Governor of Gibraltar.
Judicial and other appointments are made on behalf of the Queen in consultation with the head of the elected government.
The PDP is a new party, formed in 2006 and fielded candidates in the 2007 election, but none was elected.
All local political parties oppose any transfer of sovereignty to Spain, instead supporting self-determination.
The town of La Línea de la Concepción, a municipality of the province of Cádiz, lies on the Spanish side of the border.
In August 2010, this system was replaced by the direct payment by the government of grants and tuition fees.
Other EU nationals are equally entitled to treatment on presentation of a valid European Health Insurance Card.
A few other Gibraltar residents are Jewish of Sephardic origin, Moroccan, or Indians.
British influence remains strong, with English being the language of government, commerce, education and the media.
The Gibraltar Broadcasting Corporation operates a television and radio station on UHF, VHF and medium-wave.
This marriage of tastes has given Gibraltar an eclectic mix of Arabic, Mediterranean and British cuisines.
Following another application, Gibraltar was confirmed as UEFA's 54th member on 24 May 2013.
Their first match was a 0-0 draw against Slovakia followed up by 1-4 defeat to the Faroe Islands.
Gibraltar faced their biggest defeat against the world cup holders Germany 0-7 on 13 June 2015.
The Gibraltar national cricket team won the European Cricket Championship Division Two in 2000 and 2002.
The Gibraltar Rifle Association was Gibraltar's most successful team at the 2009 Island Games, earning four gold medals.
The first was won by Heloise Manasco and Stephanie Piri in the ISSF 10 m Air Rifle Team event.
Darts is also a popular sport, with the Gibraltar Darts Association running leagues and other regular tournaments.
In 2010, Gibraltar hosted and won the Mediterranean Cup, competing against France, Italy, Turkey, Malta and Cyprus.
This has been universally valid since 10 February 2007, when the telecom dispute was resolved.
Telecommunication restrictions were lifted in February 2007 and air links with Spain were restored in December 2006.
Bmibaby started flights from East Midlands Airport to the Rock in March 2012, but the airline closed in September 2012.
GB Airways operated a service between Gibraltar and London and other cities for many years.
The Spanish national airline, Iberia, operated a daily service to Madrid which ceased due to lack of demand.
In May 2009 Ándalus Líneas Aéreas opened a Spanish service which also ceased operations in March 2010.
An annual return charter flight to Malta is operated by Maltese national airline, Air Malta.
Gibraltar Airport is consistently listed as one of the world's scariest for air passengers.
Water supply and sanitation in Gibraltar have been major concerns for its inhabitants throughout its history.
There are no rivers, streams, or large bodies of water on the peninsula.
The Royal Gibraltar Police and Gibraltar Customs are Gibraltar's principal civilian law enforcement agencies.
The helmet is traditionally made of cork covered outside by felt or serge-like material that matches the tunic.
The vehicles also appear virtually identical to typical UK police vehicles, but are left hand drive.
Born in Cambridge, Massachusetts as Katherine Gertrude McElroy, and raised in Hartford, Connecticut.
Her mother died in 1918, and McElroy and her siblings were put up for adoption.
After adoption by a wealthy family, she and her step-siblings were tutored by author Dillwyn Parrish.
Her husband fell in love with Mary Fisher at a point when the marriage was already in difficulty.
By the time both couples divorced, Parrish had already fallen in love with journalist and screenwriter John Weld .
After appearing in nine films, she gave up her acting career and married Weld in 1937.
Her husband John Weld died in 2003 in Dana Point, California, aged 98, after 66 years of marriage.
Rice graduated from The Ohio State University, with a B.F.A., in Musical Theatre.
Following her graduation, Rice served as an apprentice at Burt Reynolds's Jupiter Theatre, in Florida.
When Marianna was 14 or 15 years old she married John Gorecki, a concert violinist .
The couple, who divorced in 1923, had one son, Martin Gorecki, who became a bandleader under the name Martin Gray.
It was Tucker who prompted her to change her first name to Gilda, a reference to her golden hair.
Jesse Lasky signed her to a contract with Famous Players-Lasky, which released films through Paramount Pictures.
The success of this Paramount film was enhanced by Gilda's personal appearances doing the shimmy as a promotion.
In future years she attempted comebacks but was hindered by poor health from regaining her status as a star.
On 23 May 1933, she married a Venezuelan diplomat, Hector Briceño de Saa.
He portrayed her courage in bringing six Polish citizens to America during the Cold War era.
Gray had suffered an attack of food poisoning five days prior to her death and was under the treatment of a physician.
Radner was born in Detroit, Michigan to Jewish parents, Henrietta , a legal secretary, and Herman Radner, a businessman.
Within days he was bedridden and unable to communicate, and remained in that condition until his death two years later.
Radner graduated from Liggett and enrolled at the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor in 1964.
She joined him and his girlfriend on a trip to Paris in the summer of 1966.
She once told a reporter that she had thrown up in every toilet in Rockefeller Center.
That year, she was a host of the Music for UNICEF Concert at the United Nations General Assembly.
During the production, she met her first husband, G. E. Smith, a musician who worked on the show.
She was unable to resist her attraction to Wilder as her marriage to guitarist G. E. Smith deteriorated.
After 10 months of inept diagnostics, she was finally diagnosed with ovarian cancer on October 21, 1986.
What they did probably sold newspapers, but it had a devastating effect on my family and my friends.
He said that I had been diagnosed with ovarian cancer, had had surgery and my prognosis was good.
Since all the guests were comedians, they all did comedy bits with her, over and over.
She was admitted to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles on May 17, 1989 to undergo a CT scan.
She did not regain consciousness, and died three days later on May 20, 1989; Wilder was at her side.
In lieu of flowers, her family requested that donations be sent to The Wellness Community.
Radner's death helped raise awareness of early detection of ovarian cancer and the connection to familial epidemiology.
As of 2012, there were more than twenty active local affiliates of Gilda's Club.
In 1992, Radner was inducted into the Michigan Women's Hall of Fame for her achievements in arts and entertainment.
On June 27, 2003, she received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6801 Hollywood Blvd.
She is only the second cast member to appear in an earlier season before joining the regular recurring cast.
At the end of Season Nine, in 2004, her contract was not renewed.
Born in Louisville, Kentucky, she graduated from Moravian Academy in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania in 1965.
McCormick is currently Associate Director of the Young Actors Space in Sherman Oaks, California with actor Patrick Day.
She was formerly the third best fighter in the world, according to the Unified Women's MMA Rankings.
As a competitive fighter, her standings consists of a 12–1–1 Muay Thai record and a 7–1 WMMA record.
She was born in Dallas, Texas, the middle daughter of Dana Joy and Glenn Thomas Carano.
Carano has said that she comes from an Italian family and is of Italian ancestry.
She was invited to the World Pro Fighting show in Las Vegas to fight Rosi Sexton.
Carano proved critics wrong when she defeated Maxwell for the second time; the first victory coming in a Muay Thai bout.
The grieving wife passionately and recklessly pursues the men whom she believes kidnapped and killed him.
While the film received mixed reviews, movie critics were united in their praise of Carano's performance.

In 2009, Ferranti reprised her role in the film version, again alongside Cerbone and Mingione.
 Gina Gallego Gina Gallego is an American actress, known for her work in television.
Gallego was born in Los Angeles, California, daughter of Maria, a homemaker, and George Gallego, a landscape designer.
Gallego's character was coming on to Jerry despite her boyfriend being in a coma.
Today, Gallego is married to actor Joel Bailey, and is the mother of one son, Brendan.
Gina is of Mexican descent, and is the first of three children of parents George and Maria Gallego.
She has also studied with , Susan Peretz at the Lee Strasberg Theatre Institute, and .
Jerry visits the comatose man in the hospital where Gina, the neighbor’s girlfriend, tries to seduce him.
Lopez had an illegitimate child with Blake, Emilio Lopez , who was later found to be the heir of Blake’s fortune.
She presses charges against Sandler, which factors into him getting a Court order to take anger management classes.
Warden Smith flees to a hideout in upstate New York, but is eventually apprehended by the authorities.
 Gina Gershon Gina L. Gershon is an American film, television and stage actress, singer and author.
Gershon said she always wanted to be an actor, but her career began in music and dance.
Gershon is one of the founding members of the New York-based theater group Naked Angels.
After high school she earned a degree from the University of North Carolina School of the Arts.
In addition to a career on TV and in films, she has also worked the stage.
In 2012, Keatley launched a private nutrition counseling center, Keatley Medical Nutrition Therapy.
Gina received The President’s Council on Fitness, Sports & Nutrition Community Leadership Award in 2013.
She was featured in a NY Daily News article.“I define myself as a chef that turns obstacles into opportunities.
In June 2013, Gina Keatley joined Uncanned Productions team as Host of a new show, Healthy Soul with Gina Keatley.
It showcases Keatley's expert advice on such topics as food culture, wellbeing, nutrition and much more.
Keatley's next project is as executive producer of a food documentary titled Far From Healthy.
A look at America's food deserts which is scheduled for release in winter 2016.

 Gina Malo Gina Malo was an American film actress, born Janet Flynn in Cincinnati, Ohio.
She appeared in a number of British films in the 1930s, often playing an American.
When a Paris production of Romberg's musical formed, she jumped at the chance to play the part again.
Assuaging her wounds by crossing the Atlantic, she appeared in the London production of 'Victoria and her Hussar.'
She also appeared on screen in the Jan Kiepura vehicle, 'My Song for You.'
She could only secure a role in a B-level scare flick, 'Chamber of Horrors.'
After the war, she toured in Brent's production of 'Merry Wives of Windsor.
J. Brooks Atkinson, 'Songs, Dances and Stooges,' NYT 2-19-1931, 28.
Torres was born at the Flower Fifth Avenue Hospital in Manhattan, the youngest of three children.
Her character is the Supervisory Special Agent in Charge for Crisis Negotiation Unit, FBI Los Angeles.
Orsi has not acted professionally since then and has since pursued a career in music.
She ranks #14 on the AFI's 100 Years...100 Stars list of female stars of classic American cinema.
Her mother did not want her born in a hospital, having lost a previous child there.
She attended, but did not graduate from, Fort Worth's Central High School .
This theater honored her many years later by changing its name to the Craterian Ginger Rogers Theater.
Hayworth's maternal uncle, Vinton Hayworth, was married to Rogers's maternal aunt, Jean Owens.
She devoted a great deal of time in her autobiography to the importance of her faith throughout her career.
Rogers remained at the 4-Rs until 1990, when she sold the property and moved to nearby Medford, Oregon.
Her last public appearance was on March 18, 1995, when she received the .
Despite her stroke, as a practitioner of Christian Science, she never saw a doctor or went to a hospital.
She died at her Rancho Mirage home on April 25, 1995, at the age of 83.
Also, Goodwin was one of the celebrities featured in Gap's Fall 2008 ad campaign.
For this role, she received a nomination for the People's Choice Award for Breakout Movie Actress.
She plays both the fairy tale heroine Snow White and her real world counterpart, schoolteacher Mary Margaret Blanchard.
Goodwin and Dallas became engaged in October 2013, and married on April 12, 2014 in California.
She revealed on Jimmy Kimmel that she gave up being a vegan after experiencing undisclosed health issues.
She considers herself an extremely healthy person, and balances her diet with ballet classes and cardio workouts.
She labeled with Dinah Shore, Peggy Lee, Ella Fitzgerald, Jo Stafford and others.
Born in San Antonio, Texas, Simms attended Fresno State Teachers College, where she studied piano.
She originally considered studying to become a concert pianist but enrolled instead at Fresno State Teachers College.
She nearly married Kyser but left his orchestra in 1941 to do her own radio show.
In 1993, a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs, California, Walk of Stars was dedicated to her.
 Gladys Brockwell Gladys Brockwell was an American actress whose career began during the silent film era.
By the time she reached her middle teens, she was already a veteran and taking on dramatic leading roles.
She was then signed by Warner Bros. and was looking forward to continued success in talkies.
Brockwell was crushed beneath the automobile driven by Brennan, an advertising man from Los Angeles, California.
Seriously injured, the thirty-five-year-old Brockwell died a few days later in a Hollywood hospital.
Her physician, Dr. Norman P. Sprague, said death was the result of peritonitis.
Four blood transfusions were performed in an effort to save her life, the last just prior to her death.
He said a bit of dust had blown into his eye, temporarily blinding him.
She appeared in 104 films, including many productions by D. W. Griffith, between 1908 and 1914. 
She was born as Gladys Clare Evans on September 13, 1904 in Patten, Maine to English parents.
George went on the stage at the age of three and toured the United States, appearing with her parents.
She starred on stage in the 1920s, although she had made several films in the early part of that decade.
George was afflicted with numerous ailments, including throat cancer, heart disease, and cirrhosis of the liver.
Hanson began her career on the Broadway stage in 1907 with the Charles Frohman Company.
In 1914 she began working in film for Famous Players and later worked for Universal and Essanay.
Her career began in the early years of silent movies and continued until the mid-1930s.
She first performed on stage at the age of three and on screen when she was seven years old.
There was a stigma for Broadway theater actors to be seen in motion pictures when silent films first began to be made.
They divorced in 1924 By 1921 she was a veteran of the motion picture industry.
In an interview she said she wished for no different type of roles than the one she played in this film.
 Gladys Leslie Gladys Leslie was an American actress in silent film, active in the 1910s and 1920s.
Leslie began her movie career around 1915, acting in short films produced by the Edison Company.
Leslie's association with Vitagraph ended by 1920 and she continued to make films with a number of different studios.
Nevertheless, her share of starring roles started to decline, and her last appearance was in 1925.
Leslie was born in New York City on March 5, 1899, and she died in Boynton Beach, Florida on October 2, 1976 at age 77.
She was the daughter of William Marshall McConnell and his wife, Harriet , and had a sister, Hazel.
Her film career was brief, about four years from the late silent to early sound era .
The film featured Rex the Wonder Horse, a stallion featured in at least fifteen films.
She broke ties with the Fox Film Company over differences over her roles, choosing to freelance instead.
Others in the 1927 group included Iris Stuart, Natalie Kingston, Sally Phipps, and Rita Carewe.
In September 1931, she married Hollywood attorney, A. Ronald Button, at the Mission Inn in Riverside, California.
William Jennings Bryan Jr., a friend of the bridegroom, was best man at the wedding.
They had a daughter, Mary Barbara Button , now known as Barbara McAllister, a commercial real estate broker.
Aside from Ruth Elder, she logged more air hours than any woman in the film colony.
She was once hostess on a Maddux Airlines passenger plane for an aerial breakfast party.
McConnell also flew to various location settings to make films with actors like Harry Langdon and Ken Maynard.
Born in Boston, Massachusetts and educated in Portland, Oregon, Gladys Walton debuted in films in small parts.
Farrell was first signed to a long-term contract by First National Pictures in July 1930.
In this role, Farrell was promoted as being able to speak 400 words in 40 seconds.
When her Warner Brothers contact expired in 1939 she opted to focus on her stage career once again.
When Ross, who did not remarry, died in 1991, he was buried with her. 
She has won three Emmy Awards, three Tony Awards and received six Academy Award nominations.
She has also won an Obie award and has been nominated for three Grammy Awards and a BAFTA.
Through the years she has returned to W&M to lecture and visit the theatre department.
In 1989 she was the commencement speaker at W&M and received an honorary doctor of arts degree.
Close started her professional stage career in 1974, and her film work in 1982.
Her six nominations have her tied with Deborah Kerr and Thelma Ritter as the most nominated actress not to win an Oscar.
In total she has been nominated fourteen times for an Emmy and thirteen times at the Golden Globes .
Close has hosted Saturday Night Live twice, once in 1989 and once in 1992.
In an interview after her win, Close stated that her role of Patty Hewes in the series was the role of her life.
She had previously won an Obie in 1982 for her role in the play on stage.
For the film, she sat through hours of makeup to transform herself into a man.
While the film itself received mixed reviews, Close and Janet McTeer received rave reviews for their performances.
The production also featured Amy Adams as The Baker's Wife and Donna Murphy as The Witch.
Her co-stars were John Lithgow as Tobias, Martha Plimpton as Julia and Lindsay Duncan as Claire.
In 1988 the two had a daughter together, Annie Starke, who is currently an aspiring actress.
In February 2006, Close married executive and venture capitalist David Evans Shaw in Maine.
She has received Theatre World Awards and Drama Desk Awards, and was nominated for two Primetime Emmy Awards.
She studied ballet at the Robert Joffrey school of ballet and modern dance at the Martha Graham Studios.
She later went on to the High School of Performing Arts, majoring in drama and graduated with honors.
In Chicago, she was nominated for five Joseph Jefferson awards and won three for best supporting actress.
In 1982 Headly married fellow ensemble member John Malkovich and moved with him to New York City.
Gloria Alexandra was born and raised in Lima, Peru and relocated to the USA, at 21.
She loves all forms of art, loves performing, and also sings, dances and plays piano.
Gloria Alexandra is an advocate of all human rights and equality, specially women and children.
Blondell would voice Daisy for six of her nine speaking appearances during the classic shorts era.
She married film producer on Albert Broccoli July 26, 1940; they divorced August 7, 1945.
She married, secondly, to advertising man Vic Hunter on September 14, 1946, in Monterey, California.
 Gloria Castillo Gloria Castillo was an American stage and motion picture actress of the 1950s.
Castillo was born in Belen, New Mexico, and graduated from the University of New Mexico in June 1954.
Most frequently Castillo can be seen in sci-fi and B-movie films made in the late 1950s.
Castillo died on October 24, 1978, at the age of 45, from an extremely rare form of cancer.
She was married to Richard Fincher from 1957 until 1963; they remarried in 1965 and divorced again in 1969.
 Gloria Dickson Gloria Dickson was an American stage and screen actress of the 1930s and 1940s.
In April 1936, she was spotted by Warner Brothers talent scout Max Arnow who signed her to a Warner contract.
She died from asphyxiation; flames had seared her lungs, and her body had suffered first and second degree burns.
Released by Red Feather Productions, the drama concerned a health resort and a spring of water which was pure.
The water was drugged daily in order to deceive wealthy people who came to the spa to restore their health.
Born and raised in the Fordham section of the Bronx, Garayua is of Puerto Rican heritage.
Grahame began her acting career in theatre, and in 1944 she made her first film for MGM.
She developed peritonitis after undergoing a procedure to remove fluid from her abdomen in September 1981.
The couple had another daughter, Joy Hallward , an actress who married John Mitchum .
MGM was not able to develop her potential as a star and her contract was sold to RKO Studios in 1947.
Grahame was often featured in film noir pictures as a tarnished beauty with an irresistible sexual allure.
Over the course of her career, Grahame became increasingly concerned with her physical appearance.
In the mid-1940s, Grahame began undergoing small cosmetic procedures on her lips and face.
The day after her divorce from Clements was finalized, Grahame married director Nicholas Ray.
Their relationship reportedly began when Tony Ray was 13 years old and Grahame was still married to his father .
The couple would go on to have two children: Anthony, Jr. and James .
Howard claimed Grahame was an unfit mother and the two fought over custody of Marianna for years.
Despite the surrounding scandal, Grahame's marriage to Anthony Ray was her longest lasting union.
The cancer returned in 1980, but Grahame refused to acknowledge her diagnosis or seek radiation treatment.
While working in London in September 1981, she underwent treatment to remove excess fluid from her abdomen.
Grey died in 1947 in Hollywood, California after a five-month illness, aged 38.
 Gloria Hendry Gloria Hendry , also known as Gloria Henry, is an American actress and former Playboy model.
Henry lived and grew up on the edge of the Garden District of New Orleans, Louisiana.
The series co-starred Herbert Anderson as her husband and young Jay North in the title role of Dennis.
Henry portrayed sunny domesticity and maternal warmth for four seasons until the series' cancellation in 1963.
She attended school in Wayne, Pennsylvania, and later studied at New York's American Academy of Dramatic Arts.
She may be best remembered for two roles in her long career, that of Mme.
In 1944, she married her third husband, William Hoyt, to whom she remained married until her death.
She was signed in 1917 and starred in about 30 films before her retirement in 1926 at age 25 to have children.
She married Lloyd Hughes on June 30, 1921, and they had children Donald and Isabel.
Her family moved to Scranton, Pennsylvania, where she sang on radio with Paul Whiteman's band.
Her performance won raves at the film's advance preview, and her segment was the best-received of the four.
Some stage and television work followed in the 1950s and 1960s, as well as four feature films.
Lewis removed almost all of her footage from the finished film; she appears only as an extra and has no dialogue.
In 1962, Gloria Jean gave up show business to get married and raise a family.
The marriage was not successful; her husband was frequently absent, living apart from his wife and son.
Gloria Jean has also participated in various nostalgia and autograph shows, meeting fans and displaying memorabilia.
After her retirement from Redken, Gloria Jean lived in California with her sister, Bonnie.
After Bonnie died in 2007, she moved to Hawaii, where she now lives with her son and his family.
Her Internet presence includes a new series of videos showing the actress as she appears today. 
LeRoy had a diverse career, with a number of roles in film, TV and stage.

Born in Phoenix, Arizona, Neil moved to Palm Springs, California in her early childhood.
She grew up in Glendale in Los Angeles County, California, a city co-founded by one of her grandfathers.
Daughter, Mea Mullally, was born to Gloria and Dr. Steven J. Capabianco, her third husband.
Gloria Winters grew up in the San Fernando Valley of Los Angeles, but later moved to Hollywood with her family.
O'Connor is married to Douglas Stern and has two daughters, Lindsay and Hana Stern.
She is good friends with the title character Zoe Hart and a rival of southern belle Lemon Breeland.
 Goldie Hawn Goldie Jeanne Hawn is an American actress, director, producer, and occasional singer.
She is the mother of actors Oliver Hudson, Kate Hudson, and Wyatt Russell.
She has one sister, Patricia; her brother, Edward, died as an infant before Goldie's birth.
She began working as a professional dancer a year later, and appeared as a go-go dancer in New York City.
The plot centered around an innocent woman in San Francisco who becomes mixed up in a murder plot.
Hawn was absent from the screen again for four years while caring for her mother who died of cancer in 1994.
Her second husband was Bill Hudson, of the Hudson Brothers; the couple married in 1976 and divorced in 1982.
Through her daughter Kate, Hawn has grandsons Ryder Russell Robinson and Bingham Hawn Bellamy .

 Grace Bradley Grace Bradley was an American film actress who was active in Hollywood during the 1930s.
As a child she took piano lessons and by the age of six she gave her first recital.
She attended the Eastman School of Music near Rochester, New York by age twelve after winning a scholarship.
She was under contract to Paramount Pictures beginning in 1933, and reportedly took home $150 per week.
In the 1930s, she became one of the period's most popular musical stars.
In May 1937, Bradley agreed to a blind date and met Hopalong Cassidy star William Boyd.
The two of them hit it off so well that they married in June 1937.
On September 12, 1972, just nine days before her 59th birthday, Bradley became a widow.
Two days later, private services were held at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale, California.
She was interred with her husband there in the Great Mausoleum, Sanctuary of Sacred Promise. 
As well, between 1914 and 1921, she directed 11 films and produced two others.
With age, her career shifted to leads in B-movies and secondary roles or bit parts in others.
Nonetheless, she worked regularly until the mid-1940s, mostly at her home studio, Universal.
The first time was to actor Joe Moore; they ended in divorce in 1925.
She later married film stuntman Jack Tyler Shannon, with whom she remained for the rest of her life.
Grace Cunard Shannon died of cancer, aged 73, in 1967 in Woodland Hills, California.
The film premiered on September 13 in Boston and on September 21 at the Aeolian Hall in New York City.
Acker met relatively unknown actor Valentino only a few months later, at a party at Nazimova's home.
She ended her acting career, and for the most part disappeared from the public eye until her death in 1963. 
Miss Davison still was one of the most popular younger girls in the Long Island smart set.
At present she was working on a new feature play, the first in which she would be starred alone.
Miss Davison's unusual beauty and talent were fast winning for her an enviable reputation.
Their mother, Laurie Simmons, is an artist and photographer, and their father, Carroll Dunham, is a painter.
Dunham attended St. Ann's School in New York City where they wrote for the school newspaper and yearbook.
During Dunham's senior year of high school, they came out as a lesbian to their sister.
Grace Caroline Fulton was born in the U.S., on July 17, 1996, with older brother Soren Fulton, also an actor.
Now returning to a career in cinema Grace will be attending RADA's Summer Intensive 2014. 
She was married to actor Paul Hartman until the time of her death, Van Nuys, California, in 1955.
 Grace Henderson Grace Henderson was a stage actress and prolific performer in silent motion pictures.
A decade later she began a successful run at the Lyceum Theatre in New York City.
Grace was the widow of David Henderson, a Chicago newspaper man, who managed the Chicago Opera House.
On the trip George created a sensation by applying in the French courts for a divorce from his wife.
David Henderson's third wife was Frankie Raymond, formerly a burlesque performer for the Henderson Burlesque Company.
George Ballantine lastly married Minnie Howe Parry on August 28, 1896, at the Waldorf.
Grace allegedly had an affair with actor Maurice Barrymore in the late 1880s and bore a son who was mentally unstable.
Grace Henderson died in 1944 in Morrisania Hospital, Bronx, New York, aged 83.
She was survived by a son, Edwin L. Henderson, of Schenectady, New York. 
 Grace Keagy Grace Keagy was an American actress, best known for her work on the stage in character roles.
She died on October 4, 2009 in Rochester, New York, aged 87, from ovarian cancer. 
Kelly retired from acting at the age of 26 to marry Rainier and began her duties as Princess of Monaco.
She died on September 14, 1982, a day after suffering a stroke while driving, causing her to crash.
Kelly was born on November 12, 1929 in Philadelphia, to an affluent family.
Her father, John B. Kelly, Sr., won three Olympic gold medals for sculling.
He later founded a brickwork contracting company that became well known on the East Coast.
Her mother, Margaret Katherine Majer, taught physical education at the University of Pennsylvania.
Grace had two older siblings, Margaret and John Jr. , and a younger sister named Elizabeth .
John Jr. won the James E. Sullivan Award as the country's top amateur athlete for rowing in 1947.
He followed in his father's footsteps and competed at the 1948, 1952, 1956, and 1960 Summer Olympics.
During the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, he won a bronze medal, which he gave to Grace as a late wedding gift.
Another uncle, George Kelly , was estranged from the family because of his homosexuality.
Her graduation yearbook listed her favorite actress as Ingrid Bergman and her favorite actor as Joseph Cotten.
Owing to her low mathematics scores, Kelly was rejected by Bennington College in July 1947.
Despite her parents' disapproval, Kelly decided to pursue her dreams of being an actress.
To start her career, she tried to get admitted into the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York.
She was hired for the role and was offered a seven-year contract with a salary of $850 a week.
Gene Tierney was initially cast in the role, but she had to drop out at the last minute because of personal issues.
Director Alfred Hitchcock also saw the 1950 screen test and took full advantage of her beauty on-camera.
She played Nancy, the wife of naval officer Harry , who was a minor but pivotal character in the story.
Eva Marie Saint, who replaced her, won an Academy Award for that role.
Kelly's new costar, James Stewart, was highly enthusiastic about working with her.
The role of Lisa Fremont, a wealthy Manhattan socialite and model, was unlike any of the previous women she had played.
The wife of a washed-up alcoholic singer, played by Crosby, her character is emotionally torn between two lovers.
By the following March, the race between Kelly and Garland for the Oscar was very close.
Her daughter, Princess Caroline, carries the torch for AMADE today in her role as President.
She also planned a yearly Christmas party for local orphans and dedicated a Garden Club.
At the time of her initial meeting with him, she was dating the French actor Jean-Pierre Aumont.
She and her family had to provide a dowry of $2 million in order for the marriage to go forward.
News of the engagement was a sensation, even though it meant a probable end to Kelly's film career.
More than 20,000 people lined the streets of Monaco to greet the future princess consort.
To cap the ceremony, the 142 official titles that she acquired in the union were formally recited.
They had three children: During her marriage Kelly was unable to continue her acting career.
Instead, she performed her daily duties as princess and became involved in philanthropic work.
On September 13, 1982, Kelly was driving back to Monaco from her country home in Roc Agel when she had a stroke.
Her daughter, Stéphanie, who was in the passenger seat, tried to regain control of the car, but was unsuccessful.
Doctors tried to stop her internal bleeding during surgery and performed CAT scans to diagnose her brain damage.
Despite their efforts, her head injuries – in addition to her fractured ribs, collarbone, and thigh – were irreparable.
Doctors believed that she had suffered a minor stroke before the accident, which made her more susceptible to another.
The following night, at 10:55pm, she died at the age of 52 after Rainier decided to take her off life support.
Stephanie's original diagnosis was mild, with only minor bruising and a light concussion.
Kelly's funeral was held at the Saint Nicholas Cathedral, Monaco on September 18, 1982.
Over 400 guests attended, including Cary Grant, Nancy Reagan, and Diana, Princess of Wales.
The V&A exhibition continued in Australia at the Bendigo Art Gallery in 2012.
This famous dress, seen around the world, took thirty five tailors six weeks to complete.
Modern designers, such as Tommy Hilfiger and Zac Posen, have cited her as a fashion inspiration.
He photographed her without makeup in a naturalistic setting, a departure from the traditional portrayal of actresses.
A rose garden in Monaco's Fontvieille district is dedicated to the memory of Kelly.
She is commemorated in a statue by Kees Verkade in the garden, which features 4,000 roses.
After she left home, she began to call herself Lee Whitney, eventually becoming known as Grace Lee Whitney.
Whitney appeared in eight of the first thirteen episodes, after which she was released from contract.
She had claimed that, while still under contract, she was sexually assaulted by an executive associated with the series.
Later, in a public interview, she stated that Leonard Nimoy had been her main source of support during that time.
Whitney reprised her role as Janice Rand, who had received a promotion to chief petty officer in ' .
She also appeared in ' , ' , and ' , with another promotion, as Lieutenant Commander Janice Rand.
On reaching the site, Cashman learns how a Catholic mission has been quietly financing its charitable work.
Gregg Barton, Tris Coffin, and Joaquin Martinez also guest starred in this episode.
In the 1960s and 1970s, Whitney sang with a number of orchestras and bands, including the Keith Williams Orchestra.
Whitney died of natural causes at her home in Coarsegold on May 1, 2015.
 Grace Moore Grace Moore was an American operatic soprano and actress in musical theatre and film.
After several years in Knoxville, the family again relocated to Jellico, Tennessee, where Moore spent her adolescence.
Her first paying job as a singer was at the Black Cat Cafe in Greenwich Village.
In 1922 and 1923 she appeared in the second and third of Irving Berlin's series of four Music Box Revues.
During World War II she was active in the USO, entertaining American troops abroad.
For that role she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress in 1935.
Chevalier felt so deeply about this blow to his status that he quit Hollywood and the film was never made.
This production also featured two renowned French singers: dramatic tenor Georges Thill and basse cantante André Pernet.
She was widely criticized in December 1938 when she curtsied to the Duchess of Windsor, in Cannes.
After all, she gave happiness and the courage of his convictions to one man, which is more than most women can do.
In 1936 King Christian X of Denmark awarded her his country's medal of 'Ingenito et Arti.'
Moore was also a member of the Peabody Awards Board of Jurors from 1940 to 1942.
Moore married Valentín Parera, a Spanish movie actor, in Cannes, on July 15, 1931.
Grace Moore died in a plane crash near Copenhagen's airport on January 26, 1947, at the age of 48.
A collection of Moore's papers is housed at the University of Tennessee in Knoxville. 
She appeared in ten episodes in season four, one of which was a voice performance.
Following her 2010 high school graduation, Phipps moved to Los Angeles to pursue a career in acting.
The movie, with an audience of 13.5 million viewers, was the second-highest-rated cable movie in television history.
Zabriskie has said that her family was visited by Tennessee Williams, Gore Vidal and Truman Capote during her childhood.
The team of Burns and Allen was inducted into the Television Hall of Fame in 1988.
She made her first appearance on stage at age three and was given her first role on the radio by Eddie Cantor.
She was educated at the Star of the Sea Convent School and during that time became a talented dancer.
At a performance in 1922, Allen met George Burns and the two formed a comedy act.
Gracie Allen was born with heterochromia, giving her two different color eyes; one blue and one green.
Depending on the source, Allen is alleged to have been born on July 26 in 1895, 1896, 1902 or 1906.
The most reliable information comes from the U.S. Census data collected on June 1, 1900.
The reformulated team, focusing on Allen, toured the country, eventually headlining in major vaudeville houses.
And sometimes I didn't even have to remember to say 'Gracie, how's your brother?'
In the early 1930s, like many stars of their era, Burns and Allen graduated to radio.
They would make unannounced cameo appearances on other shows, asking if anyone had seen Allen's brother.
The concerto was featured in the 1944 film Two Girls and a Sailor, with orchestra conducted by Albert Coates.
In the fall of 1949 Burns and Allen became part of the CBS talent raid.
Astaire's co-star Joan Fontaine was not a dancer and he was reluctant to dance on screen alone.
He also felt the script needed more comic relief to enhance the overall appeal of the film.
For the next several weeks, he and Allen worked at home to learn the complicated routine for their audition.
The legend was born of their vaudeville routine and carried over to both radio and television.
They agreed to raise the children as Catholics, then let them make their own religious choice as adults.
Sandy, by contrast, made only occasional appearances on the show and left show business to become a teacher.
As a child, Allen had been scalded badly on one arm, and she was extremely sensitive about the scarring.
Throughout her life she wore either full or three-quarter length sleeves in order to hide the scars.
The half-forearm style became as much a Gracie Allen trademark as her many aprons and her illogical logic.
However, this seems unlikely, since a one-time-only color episode was filmed and broadcast in 1954 .
Her remains were interred in a crypt at the Freedom Mausoleum at Forest Lawn Memorial Park, Glendale, California.
Allen has twice been nominated to the National Women's Hall of Fame which has so far chosen not to induct her.
She was widely regarded for her avant-garde theatrical performances from the 1960s to the 1980s.
Hall was born Shirley H. Grossman in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1922, the only child of Eleanor and Joseph Grossman.
Her father was from Latvia and her mother, who had acted in the Yiddish theatre, was from South Africa.
After a six-month battle with lung cancer, Hall died in New York City in 1985, aged 62.
The Aegean Sea lies to the east of the mainland, the Ionian Sea to the west, and the Mediterranean Sea to the south.
Eighty percent of Greece is mountainous, with Mount Olympus being the highest peak at .
After centuries of independence, the Greek city-states were unified by Philip of Macedon in the fourth century BCE.
All three stages of the stone age are represented in Greece, for example in the Franchthi Cave.
This ushered in a period known as the Greek Dark Ages, from which written records are absent.
The end of the Dark Ages is traditionally dated to 776 BC, the year of the first Olympic Games.
In 508 BC, Cleisthenes instituted the world's first democratic system of government in Athens.
Undefeated in battle, Alexander had conquered the Persian Empire in its entirety by 330 BC.
Many Greeks migrated to Alexandria, Antioch, Seleucia and the many other new Hellenistic cities in Asia and Africa.
Macedon's defeat at the Battle of Pydna in 168 BC signalled the end of Antigonid power in Greece.
In 146 BC Macedonia was annexed as a province by Rome, and the rest of Greece became a Roman protectorate.
The epics of Homer inspired the Aeneid of Virgil, and authors such as Seneca the younger wrote using Greek styles.
Hadrian was also particularly fond of the Greeks; before he became emperor he served as an eponymous archon of Athens.
In Athens and rural areas, paganism is attested well into the sixth century AD and even later.
Some remote areas such as the southeastern Peloponnese remained pagan until well into the 10th century AD.
However, this, too, fell to the Ottomans in 1460, completing the Ottoman conquest of mainland Greece.
The nature of Ottoman administration of Greece varied, though it was invariably arbitrary and often harsh.
Corfu withstood three major sieges in 1537, 1571 and 1716 all of which resulted in the repulsion of the Ottomans.
However, in the 18th century, there arose through shipping a wealthy and dispersed Greek merchant class.
In 1814, a secret organization called the Filiki Eteria was founded with the aim of liberating Greece.
The Filiki Eteria planned to launch revolution in the Peloponnese, the Danubian Principalities and Constantinople.
This had the effect of galvanizing public opinion in western Europe in favor of the Greek rebels.
After a week-long standoff, a battle began which resulted in the destruction of the Ottoman–Egyptian fleet.
As a result of years of negotiation, the nascent Greek state was finally recognized under the London Protocol in 1830.
In 1827, Ioannis Kapodistrias, from Corfu, was chosen as the first governor of the First Hellenic Republic.
In 1843 an uprising forced the king to grant a constitution and a representative assembly.
Many of the educated elite saw this as a peasant dialect and were determined to restore the glories of Ancient Greek.
In the ensuing Greco-Turkish War of 1897 the badly trained and equipped Greek army was defeated by the Ottomans.
At the end of the Balkan Wars, the extent of Greece's territory and population had increased.
The two governments were united in 1917, when Greece officially entered the war on the side of the Triple Entente.
The exchange was part of the terms of the Treaty of Lausanne which ended the war.
Although a dictatorship, Greece remained on good terms with Britain and was not allied with the Axis.
French general Charles de Gaulle was among those who praised the fierceness of the Greek resistance.
The 25 March 1941 finds Greece in the peak of their heroic struggle and in the top of their glory.
In total, the Germans executed some 21,000 Greeks, the Bulgarians 40,000 and the Italians 9,000.
On 20 July 1974, as Turkey invaded the island of Cyprus, the regime collapsed.
The first multiparty elections since 1964 were held on the first anniversary of the Polytechnic uprising.
Greece became the tenth member of the European Communities on 1 January 1981, ushering in a period of sustained growth.
The country adopted the euro in 2001 and successfully hosted the 2004 Summer Olympic Games in Athens.
Mount Olympus, the mythical abode of the Greek Gods, culminates at Mytikas peak , the highest in the country.
Western Greece contains a number of lakes and wetlands and is dominated by the Pindus mountain range.
The Pindus, a continuation of the Dinaric Alps, reaches a maximum elevation of at Mt.
The islands of the Aegean are peaks of underwater mountains that once constituted an extension of the mainland.
Another notable formation are the Meteora rock pillars, atop which have been built medieval Greek Orthodox monasteries.
Extensive plains are primarily located in the regions of Thessaly, Central Macedonia and Thrace.
They constitute key economic regions as they are among the few arable places in the country.
The climate of Greece is primarily Mediterranean, featuring mild, wet winters and hot, dry summers.
The nominal head of state is the President of the Republic, who is elected by the Parliament for a five-year term.
According to the Constitution, executive power is exercised by the President of the Republic and the Government.
Polls show support for PASOK ranging from 8% to 18%, while New Democracy is in the 18% to 30% range.
Panos Kammenos voted against this government and he split off from ND forming Independent Greeks.
The leftist party of SYRIZA became the second major party, with an increase from 4% to 16%.
No party could form a sustainable government, which led to the parliamentary elections of June 2012.
It is a very large agency with its responsibilities ranging from road traffic control to counter-terrorism.
International railway lines connect Greek cities with the rest of Europe, the Balkans and Turkey.
The of the is responsible for designing, implementing and supervising national research and technological policy.
Greece's technology parks with incubator facilities include , the , the and the , the .
Having formally applied for full membership in 2003, Greece became the ESA's sixteenth member on 16 March 2005.
The birth rate in 2003 stood at 9.5 per 1,000 inhabitants, significantly lower than the rate of 14.5 per 1,000 in 1981.
Its declining fertility rate has led to an increase in the median age, which coincides with the overall aging of Europe.
As a result of these trends, the average Greek family is smaller and older than in previous generations.
The results come from the preliminary figures of the population census that took place in Greece in May 2011.
The Greek government does not keep statistics on religious groups and censuses do not ask for religious affiliation.
The survey also found that just 3.5% never attend a church, compared to 4.9% in Poland and 59.1% in the Czech Republic.
Albanian immigrants to Greece are usually associated with the Muslim religion, although most are secular in orientation.
Protestants, including Greek Evangelical Church and Free Evangelical Churches, stand at about 30,000.
Independent Free Apostolic Church of Pentecost is the biggest Protestant denomination in Greece with 120 churches.
The Cappadocian dialect came to Greece due to the genocide as well, but is endangered and is barely spoken now.
Further minority languages have traditionally been spoken by regional population groups in various parts of the country.
Today they are only maintained by the older generations and are on the verge of extinction.
Members of these groups ethnically identify as Greeks and are today all at least bilingual in Greek.
It is estimated that after the population exchanges of 1923, Macedonia had 200,000 to 400,000 Slavic speakers.
The Jewish community in Greece traditionally spoke Ladino , today maintained only by a few thousand speakers.
Some of the immigrants from Albania are from the Greek minority in Albania centred on the region of Northern Epirus.
Greece, together with Italy and Spain, is a major entry point for illegal immigrants trying to enter the EU.
In a 2013 Save the Children report, Greece was ranked the 19th best country for the state of mothers and newborn babies.
Life expectancy in Greece is 80.3 years, above the OECD average of 79.5, and among the highest in the world.
The 2011 OECD report showed that Greece had the largest percentage of adult daily smokers of any of the 34 OECD members.
In 2008, Greece had the highest rate of perceived good health in the OECD, at 98.5%.
Infant mortality is one of the lowest in the developed world, with a rate of 3.1 deaths per 1,000 live births.
Modern democracies owe a debt to Greek beliefs in government by the people, trial by jury, and equality under the law.
They introduced such important literary forms as epic and lyric poetry, history, tragedy, and comedy.
In their pursuit of order and proportion, the Greeks created an ideal of beauty that strongly influenced Western art.
Tragedy , comedy , and the satyr play were the three dramatic genres to emerge there.
According to Marios Ploritis, the only form survived was the folk theatre , despite the hostility of the official state.
The renaissance which led to the modern Greek theatre, took place in the Venetian Crete.
Greek literature can be divided into three main categories: Ancient, Byzantine and modern Greek literature.
Though dates of composition vary, these works were fixed around 800 BC or after.
The greatest prose achievement of the 4th century was in philosophy with the works of the three great philosophers.
Two Greek authors have been awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature: George Seferis in 1963 and Odysseas Elytis in 1979.
Cinema first appeared in Greece in 1896 but the first actual cine-theatre was opened in 1907.
The 1950s and early 1960s are considered by many to be a golden age of Greek cinema.
More than sixty films per year were made, with the majority having film noir elements.
During the 1970s and 1980s Theo Angelopoulos directed a series of notable and appreciated movies.
Greek cuisine is characteristic of the healthy Mediterranean diet, which is epitomized by dishes of Crete.
Some dishes can be traced back to ancient Greece like skordalia , lentil soup, retsina and pasteli .
Sweet desserts such as galaktoboureko, and drinks such as ouzo, metaxa and a variety of wines including retsina.
Greek cuisine differs widely from different parts of the mainland and from island to island.
Later influences from the Roman Empire, Middle East, and the Byzantine Empire also had effect on Greek music.
The klephtic cycle came into being between the late Byzantine period and the start of the Greek War of Independence.
For the first part of the next century, several Greek composers continued to borrow elements from the Heptanesean style.
The region is notable for the birth of the first School of modern Greek classical music , established in 1815.
Prominent representatives of this genre include Nikolaos Mantzaros, Spyridon Xyndas, Spyridon Samaras and Pavlos Carrer.
Greece participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 35 times after its debut at the 1974 Contest.
The nation has competed at every Summer Olympic Games, one of only four countries to have done so.
Having won a total of 110 medals , Greece is ranked 32nd by gold medals in the all-time Summer Olympic medal count.
The Greek Super League is the highest professional football league in the country comprising eighteen teams.
The most successful Greek teams are Olympiacos, Panathinaikos, Aris Thessaloniki, AEK Athens and P.A.O.K.
In other sports, cricket and handball are relatively popular in Corfu and Veria respectively.
In addition, there are four mandatory official public holidays: 25 March , Easter Monday, 15 August , and 25 December .
1 May and 28 October are regulated by law as being optional but it is customary for employees to be given the day off.
The Thessaloniki International Film Festival is one of the most important film festivals in Southern Europe. 
Grammer was born in Los Angeles, California to actor Kelsey Grammer and make-up artist Barrie Buckner.
Through her father, she has three half-sisters: Spencer , Mason , and Faith and two half-brothers: Jude and Gabriel .
She previously attend Idyllwild Arts Academy for two years, receiving training under their theater program.
She graduated from the University of Southern California in June 2014 as a theater major.
She is also a member of the Delta Tau chapter of the Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority.
Grammer entered her first beauty pageant in 2008, winning the title of Miss Teen Malibu.
She went on to place within the top 10 in the Miss California Teen competition.
Gerwig was raised as a Unitarian Universalist, but also attended an all-girls Catholic school.
With an early interest in dance, she intended to do a degree in musical theatre in New York.
In 2014 she was selected as a member of the jury for the 64th Berlin International Film Festival.
However, the show was not picked up by the network after the initial pilot was made.
The families left Sweden in response to the terrible conditions in the three years of misery in Sweden.
During interviews Granstedt claimed the shooting was accidental which coincided with Galloways story of the incident.
That night I walked out to Busters house - it's a mile and a half out in the country.
I took the gun with me because I guess I felt afraid to walk out there and back alone.
I started home and I met a boy friend who offered to give me a lift.
I started home and after he'd told Harold and Buster where I was, they started after me.
When I saw Harold coming - I wanted to make up - and I didn't want to make up.
I hid behind a tree but my foot caught in my cape and I stumbled and he saw me.
Harold came up to me and said: 'Oh, what's the use of fighting!
And I said: 'No - if I'm not good enough to speak to at school, I'm not good enough to make up with!'
Harold took a step towards me and I told him to stay where he was - not to touch me.
And I took the gun out of the holster and thought I'd scare him.
The aunt believed Granstedt shot Galloway to keep him from entering into the navy and thus leaving her.
She left Mountain View as a young woman and spent the next several years in San Francisco.
Among other ways of making a living, she modeled at San Francisco Art Association in the summer of 1926.
There is some confusion about who the companion was, or the way the pair got to Hollywood.
The common story is that she and Bessie Hyde took a steamer from San Francisco to Los Angeles.
Bessie met Glen Hyde on that trip, falling in love and sealing her fate as a lost river runner.
Greta, it is said, disembarked from the trip with the desire to become a movie star and the choice of a new name.
She boarded as Eraine, a name she'd adopted in San Francisco, and departed as Greta.
She boarded as a Kansas born California, disembarked as a Swedish born starlet in waiting.
Her father survived, but her mother was among the 77 drown in the incident.
The tragedy played out for several months in Los Angeles, with the crew being found negligent.
Her first marriage, in 1923, to Robert Blieber, was annulled because Greta was a minor.
Her second marriage, to Robert Lowenthal, a California artist, in 1926, was also annulled.
It is unclear how long this marriage lasted, but it also ended in divorce.
It was with de Vega that Granstedt had a house designed for her by the California Architect Harwell Harris.
The Hollywood home is still extant, and Greta lived in the house through the 1950s.
In 1944 Granstedt wed for a sixth time, this time to Major Lawrence Wright.
The marriage was annulled, when Wright, like de Vega proved to still be married to another woman.
In the 1951 Greta was awarded custody of the child she and Forbes had adopted three years earlier.
 Greta Meyer Greta Meyer was a German actress in motion pictures beginning in the silent film era.
She belonged to the most famous theatrical family in Germany, comparable to the Barrymore family in America.
She moved in with a friend but had little place to store her acting memorabilia.
Greta was discovered by film producer Jesse L. Lasky of Paramount Pictures, and would appear in more than twenty films.
Her film career ended in the mid-1930s after she had appeared in a few British films.
As for her eyes, there was a close affinity in their appearance to those of Sarah Bernhardt.
She lost the part due to her strong Norwegian accent when the movie was remade to include sound.
Nissen died at home in Montecito, California of Parkinson's disease on May 15, 1988.
The dispute was between the show's producers and Universal, who owned Corbett's contract as a contract player.
She went to high school with Broadway actor Peter Lockyer, with whom she performed in school musicals and plays.
Her brother, Jim Mol, is a director and editor in the film industry.
Mol attended The American Musical and Dramatic Academy and graduated from the William Esper Studio.
After summer stock in Vermont, she took a job for a while as an usher at Angelika Film Center.
While major roles have been sporadic, Mol has been in more than 30 feature films.
It started airing in the U.S. on October 9, 2008 and ran 17 episodes, concluding on April 1, 2009.
On February 17, 2011, Mol gave birth to their second child, daughter Winter Morgan Williams.
While raising Ptolemy, Mol has only taken jobs close to her home in New York City.
Mol became involved with PMD after one of her cousins died from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis . 
 Grover Cleveland Stephen Grover Cleveland was the 22nd and 24th President of the United States.
He is the only President in American history to serve two non-consecutive terms in office.
His crusade for political reform and fiscal conservatism made him an icon for American conservatives of the era.
Even so, his reputation for probity and good character survived the troubles of his second term.
On his mother's side, he was descended from Anglo-Irish Protestants and German Quakers from Philadelphia.
He was distantly related to General Moses Cleaveland after whom the city of Cleveland, Ohio, was named.
In 1841, the Cleveland family moved to Fayetteville, New York, where Grover spent much of his childhood.
In 1850, Cleveland's father took a pastorate in Clinton, Oneida County, New York, and the family relocated there.
Despite his father's dedication to his missionary work, the income was insufficient for the large family.
Financial conditions forced him to remove Grover from school into a two-year mercantile apprenticeship in Fayetteville.
After his father died in 1853, he again left school so as to help support his family.
He stopped first in Buffalo, New York, where his uncle, Lewis F. Allen gave him a clerical job.
Cleveland later took a clerkship with the firm, began to read the law, and was admitted to the bar in 1859.
Cleveland worked for the Rogers firm for three years, then left the firm in 1862 to start his own practice.
As a lawyer, Cleveland became known for his single-minded concentration and dedication to hard work.
In 1866, he successfully defended some participants in the Fenian raid free of charge.
He shunned the circles of higher society of Buffalo in which his uncle's family traveled.
In 1870, with the help of his friend Oscar Folsom, he secured the Democratic nomination for Sheriff of Erie County.
He won the election by a 303-vote margin and took the office of Sheriff on January 1, 1871 at age 33.
Cleveland was aware of graft in the sheriff's office during his tenure and chose not to confront it.
When the more notorious politicians were left off the Democratic ticket, Cleveland accepted the nomination.
Cleveland was elected mayor with 15,120 votes, as against 11,528 for Milton C. Beebe, his opponent.
Cleveland's term as mayor was spent fighting the entrenched interests of the party machines.
Among the acts that established his reputation was a veto of the street-cleaning bill passed by the Common Council.
Daniel Manning, a party insider who admired Cleveland's record, was instrumental in his candidacy.
Despite the initial popularity of the fare-reduction bill, the newspapers praised Cleveland's veto.
After the veto, Roosevelt reversed himself, as did many legislators, and the veto was sustained.
After Tilden declined a nomination due to his poor health, his supporters shifted to several other contenders.
The campaign focused on the candidates' moral standards, as each side cast aspersions on their opponents.
Cleveland did not know which man was the father; he assumed responsibility because he was the only bachelor among them.
The electoral votes of closely contested New York, New Jersey, Indiana, and Connecticut would determine the election.
The Democrats spread the word of this implied Catholic insult on the eve of the election.
They also blistered Blaine for attending a banquet with some of New York City's wealthiest men.
After the votes were counted, Cleveland narrowly won all four of the swing states, including New York by 1200 votes.
Cleveland angered railroad investors by ordering an investigation of western lands they held by government grant.
The result was a retention of the status quo, and a postponement of the resolution of the Free Silver issue.
In 1886, a bill to reduce the tariff was narrowly defeated in the House.
As the surplus grew, Cleveland and the reformers called for a tariff for revenue only.
Mills, chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, proposed a bill to reduce the tariff from about 47% to about 40%.
The Scott Act easily passed both houses of Congress, and Cleveland signed it into law on October 1, 1888.
While a conference of Native leaders endorsed the act, in practice the majority of Native Americans disapproved of it.
It ultimately weakened the tribal governments and allowed individual Indians to sell land and keep the money.
Tens of thousands of settlers gathered at the border of these lands and prepared to take possession of them.
However, unlike the previous bachelor president James Buchanan, Cleveland did not remain a bachelor for very long.
On June 2, 1886, Cleveland married Frances Folsom in the Blue Room at the White House.
He was the second President to wed while in office, and has been the only President married in the White House.
The Clevelands had five children: Ruth , Esther , Marion , Richard Folsom , and Francis Grover .
During his first term, Cleveland successfully nominated two justices to the Supreme Court of the United States.
Lamar, was a former Mississippi Senator who served in Cleveland's Cabinet as Interior Secretary.
When William Burnham Woods died, Cleveland nominated Lamar to his seat in late 1887.
He had previously declined Cleveland's nomination to the Civil Service Commission, preferring his Chicago law practice.
Cleveland nominated 41 lower federal court judges in addition to his four Supreme Court justices.
The other, Benjamin Harrison, was in office at the time that the change was made.
The Republicans nominated Benjamin Harrison of Indiana for President and Levi P. Morton of New York for Vice President.
Vice President Hendricks died in 1885, so the Democrats chose Allen G. Thurman of Ohio to be Cleveland's running mate.
As in 1884, the election focused on the swing states of New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, and Indiana.
The Republicans won Indiana, largely as the result of a fraudulent voting practice known as Blocks of Five.
Cleveland continued his duties diligently until the end of the term and began to look forward to return to private life.
While they lived in New York, the Clevelands' first child, Ruth, was born in 1891.
Despite some desperate maneuvering by Hill, Cleveland was nominated on the first ballot at the convention in Chicago.
For vice president, the Democrats chose to balance the ticket with Adlai E. Stevenson of Illinois, a silverite.
The Republicans re-nominated President Harrison, making the 1892 election a rematch of the one four years earlier.
Many Westerners, traditionally Republican voters, defected to James Weaver, the candidate of the new Populist Party.
Weaver promised Free Silver, generous veterans' pensions, and an eight-hour work day.
The Tammany Hall Democrats adhered to the national ticket, allowing a united Democratic party to carry New York.
The Wilson-Gorman Tariff Act was introduced by West Virginian Representative William L. Wilson in December 1893.
The shortfall in revenue was to be made up by an income tax of two percent on income above $4,000 .
The bill passed the Senate with more than 600 amendments attached that nullified most of the reforms.
The Sugar Trust in particular lobbied for changes that favored it at the expense of the consumer.
Even so, he believed it was an improvement over the McKinley tariff and allowed it to become law without his signature.
A group of workingmen led by Jacob S. Coxey began to march east toward Washington, D.C. to protest Cleveland's policies.
By June 1894, 125,000 railroad workers were on strike, paralyzing the nation's commerce.
Most governors supported Cleveland except Democrat John P. Altgeld of Illinois, who became his bitter foe in 1896.
Wisconsin and Massachusetts were two of the few states that remained under the control of Cleveland's allies.
Cleveland agreed with Blount's report, which found the populace to be opposed to annexation.
By December 1893, the matter was still unresolved, and Cleveland referred the issue to Congress.
Cleveland decided to have surgery secretly, to avoid further panic that might worsen the financial depression.
Under the guise of a vacation cruise, Cleveland and his surgeon, Dr. Joseph Bryant, left for New York.
The surgery was conducted through the President's mouth, to avoid any scars or other signs of surgery.
The size of the tumor and the extent of the operation left Cleveland's mouth disfigured.
A cover story about the removal of two bad teeth kept the suspicious press placated.
Cleveland's trouble with the Senate hindered the success of his nominations to the Supreme Court in his second term.
In 1893, after the death of Samuel Blatchford, Cleveland nominated William B. Hornblower to the Court.
The Senate rejected Hornblower's nomination on January 15, 1894, by a vote of 30 to 24.
This, combined with uncertainty about Mormon polygamy , led it to be excluded from the new states.
In 1906, a group of New Jersey Democrats promoted Cleveland as a possible candidate for the United States Senate.
Cleveland's health had been declining for several years, and in the autumn of 1907 he fell seriously ill.
Cleveland was a member of the first board of directors of the then Buffalo Normal School.
Cleveland's portrait was on the U.S. $1000 bill of series 1928 and series 1934.
He also appeared on the first few issues of the $20 Federal Reserve Notes from 1914.
The president is directly elected by the people and is head of state and head of government.
The judicial branch is led by the Guinea Supreme Court, the highest and final court of appeal in the country.
Guinea is a predominantly Islamic country, with Muslims representing 85 percent of the population.
It is the world's second largest producer of bauxite, and has rich deposits of diamonds and gold.
Guinea is a traditional name for the region of Africa that lies along the Gulf of Guinea.
Since independence until the presidential election of 2010, Guinea was governed by a number of autocratic rulers.
The Mali Empire was ruled by Mansa , the most famous being Kankou Moussa, who made a famous hajj to Mecca in 1324.
It continued to prosper until a civil war over succession followed the death of Askia Daoud in 1582.
The weakened empire fell to invaders from Morocco at the Battle of Tondibi just 3 years later.
The Moroccans proved unable to rule the kingdom effectively, however, and it split into many small kingdoms.
After the fall of the major West African empires, various kingdoms existed in what is now Guinea.
The slave trade came to the coastal region of Guinea with European traders in the 16th century.
Guinea's colonial period began with French military penetration into the area in the mid-19th century.
Following France's withdrawal, Guinea quickly aligned itself with the Soviet Union and adopted socialist policies.
This alliance was short lived, however, as Guinea moved towards a Chinese model of socialism.
Despite this, however, the country continued to receive aid and investment from capitalist countries such as the U.S..
After several days of fierce fighting, the Portuguese forces retreated after achieving most of their goals.
However, hours before that meeting, Colonels Lansana Conté and Diarra Traoré seized power in a bloodless coup.
Conté assumed the role of president, with Traoré serving as prime minister until December.
Guinea still faces very real problems and according to Foreign Policy is in danger of becoming a failed state.
Conté blamed neighbouring leaders for coveting Guinea's natural resources, though these claims were strenuously denied.
In 2007 there were big protests against the government, resulting in the appointment of a new prime minister.
On 3 December 2009, an aide shot Camara during a dispute about the rampage of September 2009.
Vice-President Sékouba Konaté flew back from Lebanon to run the country in Camara's absence.
The presidential election was held on 27 June and was the first free and fair election since independence in 1958.
Ex Prime Minister Cellou Dalein Diallo and his rival Alpha Condé emerged as the two runners-up for the second round.
On the night of 18 July 2011, President Condé's residence was attacked in a failed attempted coup.
The opposition claimed that the government has not respected them, and have not kept any promises they agreed to.
This is expected to lead to more protests and fighting in the streets of Guinea.
The president is directly elected by the people and is head of state and head of government.
The judicial branch is led by the Guinea Supreme Court, the highest and final Court of appeal in the country.
The president governs Guinea, assisted by a council of 25 civilian ministers appointed by him.
The opposition parties won a total of 53 seats, and opposition leaders denounced the official results as fraudulent.
Guinea's foreign relations, including those with its West African neighbors, have improved steadily since 1985.
The army, with about 15,000 personnel, is by far the largest branch of the armed forces.
The nation forms a crescent as it curves from its western border on the Atlantic Ocean toward the east and the south.
The sources of the Niger River, Gambia River, and Senegal River are all found in the Guinea Highlands.
Its neighbours are Ivory Coast , Guinea-Bissau, Liberia, Mali, Senegal and Sierra Leone.
The Republic of Guinea covers of West Africa, about 10 degrees north of the equator.
Nzérékoré, located in the Guinée forestière region in Southern Guinea, is the second largest city.
Guinea has abundant natural resources including 25 percent or more of the world's known bauxite reserves.
Guinea possesses over 25 billion tonnes of bauxite – and perhaps up to one-half of the world's reserves.
Soil, water, and climatic conditions provide opportunities for large-scale irrigated farming and agro industry.
Surveillance surveys conducted in 2001 and 2002 show higher rates of HIV in urban areas than in rural areas.
Men and women are at nearly equal risk for HIV, with young people aged 15 to 24 most vulnerable.
Part of West African cuisine, the foods of Guinea include fufu, jollof rice, maafe, and tapalapa bread.
In rural areas, food is eaten from a large serving dish and eaten by hand outside of homes.
 Guinea-Bissau Guinea-Bissau , officially the Republic of Guinea-Bissau , is a country in West Africa.
Guinea-Bissau was once part of the kingdom of Gabu, as well as part of the Mali Empire.
Only 14% of the population speaks Portuguese, established as the official language in the colonial period.
The main religions are African traditional religions and Islam; there is a Christian minority.
The country's per-capita gross domestic product is one of the lowest in the world.
Other parts of the territory in the current country were considered by the Portuguese as part of their empire.
Previously slaves had been traded by Arabs north to the northern part of Africa and into the Middle East.
African communities that fought back against slave traders also distrusted European adventurers and would-be settlers.
For a brief period in the 1790s, the British tried to establish a rival foothold on an offshore island, at Bolama.
Luís Cabral, brother of Amílcar and co-founder of PAIGC, was appointed the first President of Guinea-Bissau.
An army uprising in May 1998 led to the Guinea-Bissau Civil War and the president's ousting in June 1999.
In June 2005, presidential elections were held for the first time since the coup that deposed Ialá.
Tagme died in an explosion on Sunday, 1 March 2009, target of an assassination.
The president is the head of state and the prime minister is the head of government.
Vieira returned to power in 2005 six years after being ousted from office during a civil war.
Previously, he held power for 19 years after taking power in 1980 in a bloodless coup.
He belonged to PAIGC , one of the two major political parties in Guinea-Bissau, along with the PRS .
A 2008 estimate put the size of the Guinea-Bissau Armed Forces at around 4,000 personnel.
It is bordered by Senegal to the north and Guinea to the south and east, with the Atlantic Ocean to its west.
Its monsoon-like rainy season alternates with periods of hot, dry harmattan winds blowing from the Sahara.
Guinea-Bissau is warm all year around and there is little temperature fluctuation; it averages .
The economy depends mainly on agriculture; fish, cashew nuts and ground nuts are its major exports.
The government and the military have done little to stop drug trafficking, which increased after the 2012 coup d'état.
Guinea-Bissau is a member of the Organization for the Harmonization of Business Law in Africa .
The population of Guinea-Bissau is ethnically diverse and has many distinct languages, customs, and social structures.
Most Portuguese and Mestiços speak one of the African languages and Kriol as second languages.
In the early 21st century, many have adopted Islam, which is now practiced by 50% of the country's population.
Most of Guinea-Bissau's Muslims are of the Sunni denomination with approximately 2% belonging to the Ahmadiyya sect.
20% of infected pregnant women receive anti retroviral coverage to prevent transmission to newborns.
In 2008, fewer than half of children younger than five slept under antimalaria nets or had access to antimalarial drugs.
The WHO's estimate of life expectancy for a child born in 2008 was 49 years and 47 years for a boy.
The number of midwives per 1,000 live births was 3; one out of eighteen pregnant women die as a result of pregnancy.
According to a 2013 UNICEF report, 50% of women in Guinea Bissau had undergone female genital mutilation.
In 2010, Guinea Bissau had the 7th highest maternal mortality rate in the world.
In 1998, the gross primary enrollment rate was 53.5%, with higher enrollment ratio for males compared to females .
Rice is a staple in the diet of residents near the coast and millet a staple in the interior.
Fish, shellfish, fruits and vegetables are commonly eaten along with cereal grains, milk, curd and whey.
Common ingredients include yams, sweet potato, cassava, onion, tomato and plantain.
Born Gwendolyn Lepinski in Hastings, Nebraska, Lee began her career as a department store model.
By the late 1930s, Lee was appearing in minor film roles most of which were uncredited.
Lee's mother dropped the suit in April, citing improvement in her daughter's health.
 Gwen Stefani Gwen Renée Stefani is an American singer, songwriter, fashion designer, and actress.
Inspired by pop music of the 1980s, the album was a success with sales of over seven million copies.
Including her work with No Doubt, Stefani has sold more than 30 million albums worldwide.
and expanded her collection with the 2005 Harajuku Lovers line, drawing inspiration from Japanese culture and fashion.
Stefani performs and makes public appearances with four back-up dancers known as the Harajuku Girls.
Gwen Renee Stefani was born on October 3, 1969, in Fullerton, California, and raised in Anaheim, California.
She was raised in a Roman Catholic household, and attended Loara High School in Anaheim, California.
Her father, Dennis Stefani, is Italian American and worked as a Yamaha marketing executive.
Gwen's parents were fans of folk music and exposed her to music by artists like Bob Dylan and Emmylou Harris.
Many of the women in Stefani's family were seamstresses, and much of her clothing was made by them or her mother.
After making a demo tape for her father, he advised she never take lessons, as it would ruin her unique style.
She first worked at a Dairy Queen and later staffed the MAC makeup counter of a department store.
Gwen Stefani starred in her band, No Doubt, when she was 17 years old.
The album sold more than 16 million copies worldwide, and received several Grammy Award nominations in 1997 and 1998.
In 2002, Eve and Stefani won a Grammy Award for Best Rap Sung Collaboration.
To prepare for the role, Stefani read two biographies and watched 18 of Harlow's films.
The album focuses more heavily on electronic and dance music for clubs than its predecessor.
In March 2008, the band started making posts concerning the progression of the album on their official fan forum.
In 2010, they resumed writing their record, which was later recorded in 2011.
Also around this time No Doubt were guest mentors for the UK version of the X Factor.
On November 23, the full song was uploaded online and was made available for digital download on December 1.
The song will officially impact Mainstream radio in the U.S. on October 27, 2015.
The track is the first official single off her upcoming third solo album, which she has been working on since June.
It is unknown if any of the material written in 2014 through early 2015 will be included on this album.
Stefani made most of the clothing that she wore on stage with No Doubt, resulting in increasingly eclectic combinations.
The line takes influence from a variety of fashions, including Guatemalan, Japanese, and Jamaican styles.
The dolls are inspired by the various costumes that Stefani and the Harajuku Girls wore while touring for the album.
In 2014, Stefani announced she is producing an animated series about her and the Harajuku Girls.
In late summer 2007, Stefani launched a perfume, L, as a part of her L.A.M.B.
In September 2008, Stefani released a fragrance line as a part of her Harajuku Lovers product line.
During this time, the band almost split up because of the failed romantic relationship between Stefani and Kanal.
During mid-1995, No Doubt and rock band Goo Goo Dolls went on tour opening for alternative rock band Bush.
They married on September 14, 2002, with a wedding in St Paul's, Covent Garden, London.
According to Stefani, it was held so that she could wear her custom-designed wedding dress by John Galliano twice.
In December 2005, Stefani and Rossdale announced that they were expecting their first child together.
Their son, Kingston James McGregor Rossdale, was born on May 26, 2006.
The couple's second son, Zuma Nesta Rock Rossdale, was born on August 21, 2008.
It was reported on September 5, 2013 that Stefani was expecting her third child with Rossdale.
On February 28, 2014, Stefani gave birth to their third son, Apollo Bowie Flynn Rossdale.
In response, Angel released a statement confirming that the dress was designed by Stefani for L.A.M.B.
Stefani hosted a fundraiser with First Lady Michelle Obama in August 2012 at the singer's Beverly Hills home. 
She went on to study multiple dance forms, ranging from tap, jazz, ballroom and flamenco to Balinese.
She attended Hamilton High School in Los Angeles and studied under famed balletomane Ernest Belcher.
After her divorce, she entrusted her son Jimmy to the care of her parents.
The Devil then employs the seductive Lola to keep the guy from escaping his grasp.
The hitch is that Lola falls for the guy and has to choose between her love for him and her beauty pact with the Devil.
The helpmeet/peer played by Leland Palmer in that film is based on the role Verdon played in Fosse's real life.
She, as much as Verdon, would become responsible for keeping Fosse's trademark choreography alive after Fosse's death.
She and Henaghan had one son, Jim Henaghan ; she and Fosse had a daughter, Nicole Fosse .
Fosse's extramarital affairs put a strain on their marriage and by 1971 they were separated.
At 8 p.m. on the night she died, all marquee lights on Broadway were dimmed in a tribute to the actress.
Born in Singapore, Yeo is the niece of George Yeo, former Singaporean Minister for Foreign Affairs.
She moved to California as a teenager, graduating from St. Ignatius College Preparatory in 1994.
Yeo was crowned Miss Asian America in 1995 and was also named Miss Chinatown USA in 1998-1999.
These led her to hosting and commercials, and from there her television and film careers blossomed.
 Gwyneth Paltrow Gwyneth Kate Paltrow is an American actress, singer, and food writer.
Paltrow is also the face of American fashion brand Coach, owner of a lifestyle company, and author of two cookbooks.
Later, she briefly studied anthropology at the University of California, Santa Barbara, before dropping out to act.
The film earned US$289 million in box office receipts, and Paltrow gained critical acclaim for her portrayal.
During this time, Paltrow rarely appeared in films, having taken a hiatus to raise her two children.
For her film performance, Paltrow earned her second Golden Globe nomination for Best Actress – Motion Picture Drama.
The movie opened at number 1 at the US Box Office Weekend and received positive reviews.
Paltrow is a Save the Children artist ambassador, raising awareness about World Pneumonia Day.
On September 27, 2006, Paltrow sang with rapper Jay-Z during his concert at Royal Albert Hall.
In an interview, she said she would be at the concert but not that she would perform.
In 2006, she became the face for Bean Pole International, a Korean fashion brand.
In 2014 Paltrow partnered with Blo Blow Bar, teaming up with the brand's creative branch.
In September 2008 she launched the weekly lifestyle newsletter Goop, encouraging readers to 'nourish the inner aspect'.
Each week, the newsletter focuses on an action: Make, Go, Get, Do, Be, and See.
At the age of 24, Paltrow was engaged to actor Brad Pitt, whom she dated from 1994 to 1997.
Paltrow had an on-off three-year relationship with actor Ben Affleck from 1997 to late 2000.
They married on December 5, 2003, in a ceremony at a hotel in Southern California.
Paltrow and Martin have two children together: daughter Apple Blythe Alison Martin and son Moses Bruce Anthony Martin .
Gilford was born in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of actress Anne Gwynne and attorney Max Gilford .
 Gypsy Rose Lee Gypsy Rose Lee was an American burlesque entertainer famous for her striptease act.
Louise's sister, actress June Havoc, born Ellen June Hovick or Ellen Evangeline Hovick, was born on November 8, 1912.
Rose and June went to Hollywood for two years where June appeared in short films directed by Hal Roach.
She had an elementary education, unlike June who was taught to read by stage-hands.
During the Great Depression, Lee spoke at various union meetings in support of New York laborers.
In 1937 and 1938, billed as Louise Hovick, she made five films in Hollywood.
Her routine starts at about 1 hour 29 minutes into the film and lasts about six minutes.
While married to Kirkland, she gave birth on December 11, 1944, to a son fathered by Otto Preminger.
Her son was named Erik Lee, but has since been known successively as Erik Kirkland, Erik de Diego, and Erik Preminger.
Gypsy was married for a third time in 1948, to Julio de Diego, but that union also ended in divorce.
After the death of their mother, the sisters now felt free to write about her without risking a lawsuit.
Haley Bennett was born Haley Loraine Keeling in Fort Myers, Florida, the daughter of Leilani Bennett and Ronald Keeling.
As a child, she moved with her father to Stow, Ohio near where her parents are from.
Bennett performed her first live concert at The Mint in Los Angeles on June 19, 2008.
Bennett will appear in the Terrence Malick's untitled project, expected to be released in 2015.

Haley Alexis Pullos was born in Palo Alto, California on July 10, 1998.

She acts primarily in film and television and is the founder and president of production company Legion of Horribles.
She also served as producer, film editor, set decorator, sound editor, and costumer.
She graduated Magna Cum Laude from UCLA in 2011, majoring in anthropology and Chinese.
Following her turns on ER and JAG, she starred in the award winning Discovery Kids Channel teen series, Flight 29 Down.
She married Ryan Martin in 2013 and they have one son together, born May 29, 2014.
At the end of 2014, the family relocated from Los Angeles to Asheville, North Carolina. 
She is the daughter of famed satirist and cartoonist Jules Feiffer, and writer, actor, and comedienne Jenny Allen.
She won the National Young Playwrights' Contest in 2002 and the Lotos Foundation Award for Playwriting in 2015.



 Hanna Hertelendy Hanna Hertelendy , aka Hanna Landy, was an Hungarian-American film and television actress.
She came to New York City and, in 1947, became a lifelong member of the Actors Studio.
Hanna Hertelendy was the third and last wife of film star Robert Walker, whom she married on July 27, 1949.
Walker died at the age of 32 in 1951, reportedly due to an allergic reaction to a drug administered by his psychiatrist.
She died in her West Hollywood, California home on May 15, 2008, aged 88. 

Hannah Marks was born in Santa Monica, California, the daughter of Nova Ball, a former actress, and Robin Marks.
Viewers were so angry over Mary's death that they started a letter-writing campaign demanding for her reappearance.
The show received such huge amounts of letters that eventually they admitted their mistake and asked Kozak to come back.
In February 1989, though, she made a brief return as an angel in Heaven.
Lloyd Bridges played her father-in-law, and Diane Ladd appeared once as Alison's mother.
She filmed the pilot, but was asked to withdraw from the series when she became pregnant with her first child.
She was born in Chicago, Illinois, the daughter of Dr. Walter Peter McGibbon, a physician and Gertrude L. Crary.
Later, MacGibbon joined the stock company of Edward Clarke Lilley at Akron, Ohio.
In Louisville, Kentucky, she acted with Wilton Lackaye, Edmund Breese, William Faversham, Tom Wise and Nance O'Neil.
MacGibbon was married twice, to William R. Kane and, later, to Charles Corwin White, II.
She had one child, a son, William MacGibbon Kane , who predeceased her.
She was born in Bay City, Michigan and died in Valley Center, California.
When scarcely out of high school she conceived the idea of becoming a concert pianist.
The strain of six hours a day practice, however, proved too severe, and her health broke down.
She was a blond, had blue eyes and weighed a hundred and fifteen pounds.
Miss Hammond was five feet seven inches high, and was a splendid athlete, excelling in water sports. 
She was born Peggy Louise Snyder in Des Moines, Iowa, the daughter of Hazel Dell and Roy Hilliard Snyder.
She appeared on the vaudeville stage when she was three years old and made her debut on Broadway in her teens.
By 1932, she was still performing in vaudeville when she met the saxophone-playing bandleader Ozzie Nelson.
Hilliard had a respectable film career as a solo performer, apart from the band.
The Nelsons' two sons, Ricky and David, were featured continuously on the show.
's Top 10 TV Moms from Six Decades of Television for the time period 1952-1966.
In 1978, Harriet Nelson moved full-time to the Laguna Beach, California, beach home the family had built in 1954.
She is interred with her husband and younger son Ricky in the Forest Lawn Memorial Park, Hollywood Hills in Los Angeles.
Truman was born in Missouri and spent most of his youth on his family's farm.
Truman was first elected to public office as a county official and became a U.S.
Truman's 1948 election upset to win a full term as president is routinely invoked by underdog candidates.
A brother, John Vivian , was born soon after Harry, followed by sister Mary Jane .
The family lived in Lamar until Harry was ten months old, when they moved to a farm near Harrisonville.
The family next moved to Belton, and in 1887 to his grandparents' 600-acre farm in Grandview.
When Truman was six, his parents moved to Independence, so he could attend the Presbyterian Church Sunday School.
He got up at five every morning to practice the piano, which he studied twice a week until he was fifteen.
He returned to the Grandview farm in 1906, where he lived until entering the army in 1917.
Truman said that before he proposed again, he wanted to be earning more money than a farmer did.
He enlisted in the Missouri Army National Guard in 1905, serving until 1911 in a Kansas City-based artillery battery.
At his induction, his eyesight had been an unacceptable 20 400 in the left.
The second time he took the test, he passed by secretly memorizing the eye chart.
To his surprise, the men elected Truman as an officer, making him first lieutenant of a battery.
Before deployment to France, Truman was sent to Camp Doniphan, Fort Sill, near Lawton, Oklahoma, for training.
In mid 1918, about one million soldiers of the American Expeditionary Forces were in France.
Promoted to captain, Truman in July 1918 became battery commander in an artillery battery in France.
During a sudden attack by the Germans in the Vosges Mountains, soldiers began to flee.
Truman was given a dressing down by his commander, Colonel Karl D. Klemm, but he was not court-martialed.
In other action during the Meuse-Argonne fighting, Truman provided support for George S. Patton's tank brigade.
He rarely spoke about religion, which to him primarily meant ethical behavior along traditional Protestant lines.
Most of the soldiers he commanded in the war were Catholics, and he got along with Jews and all denominations.
He returned to Independence, where he married Bess Wallace on June 28, 1919.
Truman did not pay off the last of the debts from that venture until 1934, when he did so with the aid of a supporter.
Truman was not re-elected in 1924, losing in a Republican wave led by President Calvin Coolidge.
After serving as a county judge, Truman wanted to run for Governor or Congress, but Pendergast rejected these ideas.
Truman thought that he would serve out his career in some well-paying sinecure at the county level.
Although he turned over patronage decisions to Pendergast, Truman always maintained that he voted his conscience.
He was largely ignored by Democratic President Roosevelt and had trouble with getting calls to the White House returned.
Chairmanship of what came to be known as the Truman Committee made him a national figure.
Roosevelt told party leaders he would accept either Truman or Supreme Court Justice William O. Douglas.
Truman had been vice president for 82 days when President Roosevelt died on April 12, 1945.
Truman was pleased to issue the proclamation of V-E Day on May 8, 1945, his 61st birthday.
In the wake of Allied victory, Truman journeyed to Europe for the Potsdam Conference.
He was there when he learned that the Trinity test of the first atomic bomb on July 16 had been successful.
He hinted to Joseph Stalin that the U.S. was about to use a new kind of weapon against the Japanese.
The end of World War II was followed by an uneasy transition from war to a peacetime economy.
Demobilizing the military and reducing the size of the various services was a cost-saving priority.
Government officials did not have consensus as to what economic course the postwar U.S. should steer.
A rapid increase in costs was fueled by the release of price controls on most items, and labor sought wage increases.
Although labor strife was muted after the settlement of the railway strike, it continued through Truman's presidency.
The President's approval rating dropped from 82% in the polls in January 1946 to 52% by June.
The power of the labor unions was significantly curtailed by the Taft–Hartley Act, which was enacted over Truman's veto.
Although the initial vetoes were sustained, Congress overrode his veto of a tax cut bill in 1948.
He broke with the New Deal by initiating an aggressive civil rights program, which he termed a moral priority.
Truman's proposals were not well received by Congress, even with renewed Democratic majorities in Congress after 1948.
Only one of the major Fair Deal bills, the Housing Act of 1949, was ever enacted.
In this, he matched American public opinion, which quickly came to view the Soviets as intent upon world domination.
On June 24, 1948, the Soviet Union blocked access to the three Western-held sectors of Berlin.
The Allies had never negotiated a deal to guarantee supply of the sectors deep within the Soviet-occupied zone.
Truman recognized the State of Israel on May 14, 1948, eleven minutes after it declared itself a nation.
His intention was to assuage the internal conflicts between the northern and southern wings of his party.
All of Alabama's delegates, and a portion of Mississippi's, walked out of the convention in protest.
This rebellion on the right was matched by one on the left, led by Wallace on the Progressive Party ticket.
Victory in November seemed unlikely as the party was not simply split but divided three ways.
An unintended and undetected projection error may have contributed to the perception of Truman's bleak chances.
The final tally showed that the president had secured 303 electoral votes, Dewey 189, and Thurmond only 39.
In response, on January 7, 1953, Truman announced the detonation of the first U.S. hydrogen bomb.
On June 25, 1950, Kim Il-sung's North Korean People's Army invaded South Korea, starting the Korean War.
In the early weeks of the war, the North Koreans easily pushed back their southern counterparts.
By August 1950, U.S. troops pouring into South Korea under UN auspices were able to stabilize the situation.
UN forces marched north, toward the Yalu River boundary with China, with the goal of reuniting Korea under UN auspices.
By early 1951 the war became a fierce stalemate at about the 38th parallel where it had begun.
The dismissal of General Douglas MacArthur was among the least politically popular decisions in presidential history.
Truman's approval ratings plummeted, and he faced calls for his impeachment from, among others, Senator Robert A. Taft.
The escalation of the Cold War was highlighted by Truman's approval of NSC-68, a secret statement of foreign policy.
It called for partial mobilization of the U.S. economy to build armaments faster than the Soviets.
Early in Truman's second term, his former Secretary of Defense Forrestal died soon after his retirement.
Forrestal had become exhausted through years of hard labor during and after the war, and began to suffer depression.
He retired in March 1949; soon after, he was hospitalized but he committed suicide in May.
The alliance resulted in the Soviets establishing a similar alliance, called the Warsaw Pact.
Although Hiss denied the allegations, he was convicted in January 1950 for perjury for his denials under oath.
Following Hiss' conviction, Secretary of State Dean Acheson announced that he stood by him.
That August, a section of floor collapsed, and Truman's bedroom and bathroom were closed as unsafe.
By then Truman had been informed that his new balcony was the only part of the building that was sound.
The famous exterior of the structure was buttressed and retained while the extensive renovations proceeded inside.
The attack drew new attention to security concerns surrounding Truman's residence at Blair House.
On the street outside the residence, Torresola mortally wounded a White House policeman, Leslie Coffelt.
The high court's reversal of Truman's order was one of the notable defeats of his presidency.
However, he pointed out that he wrote it as a loving father and not as the president.
All of the cabinet members when Truman became president in 1945 had been appointed by Franklin D. Roosevelt.
A former Truman aide confided that it was the weakest aspect of Truman's presidency.
At the time of the 1952 New Hampshire primary, no candidate had won Truman's backing.
Accordingly, Truman let his name be entered in the New Hampshire primary by supporters.
Eisenhower defeated Stevenson decisively in the general election, ending 20 years of Democratic presidents.
Once Truman left the White House, his only income was his old army pension: $112.56 per month.
He developed multiple organ failure and died at 7:50 am on December 26 at the age of 88.
Bess Truman opted for a simple private service at the library for her husband rather than a state funeral in Washington.
Bess died in 1982; they both are buried at the Harry S. Truman Library & Museum in Independence.
When he left office in 1953, Truman was one of the most unpopular chief executives in history.
However, since leaving office, Truman has fared well in polls ranking the presidents.
According to historian Daniel R. McCoy in his book on the Truman presidency, Sites and honors.
In England, he met with Churchill and received an honorary Doctor of Civil Law degree from Oxford University.
In 1911, he helped establish the Grandview Lodge, and he served as its first Worshipful Master.
The University of Missouri's Missouri Tigers athletic programs have an official mascot named Truman the Tiger.
In 2007, John Truman, a nephew, accepted a star for Bess Truman.
The Walk of Fame is in Marshfield, Missouri, a city Truman visited in 1948.

Hasselhoff was born in Los Angeles, California to parents David Hasselhoff and Pamela Bach .
Hasselhoff has also been modeling as a plus-size model since 2007 when she was 14.
She has been signed with Wilhelmina Models and as of 2014, is signed with Ford Models.
She has walked in shows such as the 2014 British Plus Size Fashion Week, and has modeled for Torrid.
The director asked her to step in front of the camera, and she ended up in a national print ad for KnowledgeWare.
In 2007, Kiyoko was approached by former pop-star Vitamin C to join an all-girl singing and dancing group.
She played the short lived, yet popular role of Stevie Nichols, an evil wizard.
All scenes featuring the character were filmed in Los Angeles while a majority of the film was filmed in Puerto Rico.
She currently portrays the role of Raven Ramirez in ' which premiered on CBS March 4, 2015.
The EP was recorded in her parent's garage in Los Angeles with British producer James Flannigan.
Kiyoko's hobbies include hiking, ice skating, teaching dance, and taking karate.
De Long is credited with sending a tape of the young actor to a manager in Los Angeles.
Born in Cape Town, South Africa, she grew up in the U.S. and by 1943, at age 18, had been signed by the MGM film studio.
She died in 2002, aged 78, in the Bel Air residential district of Los Angeles. 
 Hazel Forbes Hazel Forbes was an American dancer and actress from Gettysburg, South Dakota.
Forbes was 16 when she was chosen Miss United States in the Paris International Beauty Pageant of 1926.
She became a showgirl in New York City at the age of 17 in 1927.
She was hired away from Florenz Ziegfeld and his Ziegfeld Follies by Broadway theatre producer Earl Carroll.
He left Forbes a fortune estimated at $3,000,000 from his toothpaste and hair shampoo interests.
She received a series of threatening letters which dissuaded her from continuing in motion pictures.
She donated her salary as a movie extra to charity because of the money she was willed by Richmond.
She met entertainer Harry Richman and married him in March 1938, in Palm Springs, California.
By 1942 Forbes was divorced from Richman and was being wooed by millionaire Max Bamberger.
She is buried in the Great Mausoleum at Forest Lawn Memorial-Park in Glendale, Calif. 
She was a lovely blonde, 5 feet 6 inches in height, 128 lbs., with a slender, athletic build.
In 1923 Hazel was selected as the prettiest woman in the motion picture capitol, Hollywood.
As tribute to Miss Keener's beauty, her bust was sculpted by sculptor Finn Haaken Frolich for the Norse club.
She was a 1924 Wampas baby star, chosen among young actresses destined for stardom.
In the 1930s, 1940s, and early 1950s Miss Keener had small parts in approximately twenty movies.
She acted in television with roles in episodes of Judge Roy Bean and Hopalong Cassidy .
Hazel Keener died in 1979 in Pacific Grove, California, aged 74, of a heart attack. 




Goldenhersh was born on March 26, 1973 in Chicago, Illinois and grew up in St. Louis.
The couple has two daughters together, one being born in 2008, and the other being born in 2010. 
Her turn as Shagwell also earned her a nomination for the Saturn Award for Best Actress.
She played Joline, a devoted-beyond-reason young wife looking for the husband who left her.
She has been practicing transcendental meditation since 1991 after being introduced to it by David Lynch.
 Heather Headley Heather Headley is a Trinidadian-American singer, songwriter, record producer, and actress.
At age four, Headley began playing the music of her native Trinidad, including calypso, and soca.
Since having her first child, Headley has had one more son born some time in August 2014.
She regularly performs with Vertical Church Band, the worship team from Harvest Bible Chapel.
On July 5, 2007, Headley made a guest appearance for Andrea Bocelli's Vivere Live in Tuscany concert in Lajatico, Italy.
She was nominated for an Olivier Award and a What's On Stage Award for this performance.
At the Prudential Center in Newark, NJ, on December 4, 2010, the audience insisted on a second encore with Bocelli.
Hemmens was raised in the woods of Waldo, Maine with her two older brothers and older sister.
Soon after, she began writing and performing for the stage in both New York and Los Angeles.
They held script readings and sold shares to buy back the script rights and pay for the film's production.
In addition, she is currently working on the script for a sports comedy set in the world of girls' track and shot.
 Heather Langenkamp Heather Elizabeth Langenkamp is an American actress, singer, producer and director.
She managed to be an extra in both films but her scenes were cut out of both of the final films.
The film was both a critical and commercial success, earning a total of $25 million at the American box office.
In 1985, she received the Best Actress Award at the Avoriaz Film Festival for this role.
The film focused on the survivors of Freddy Krueger and was Patricia Arquette's debut film.


She was raised in Thousand Oaks, California and graduated from Newbury Park High School.
Locklear attended UCLA, and pledged Chi Omega and Delta Delta Delta, but was never initiated into either sorority.
While at UCLA, she began modeling and working in commercials for the school store.
Spelling originally signed Locklear for a limited four-episode run, the first of which aired on January 27, 1993.
She was also executive producer on the series, but it was canceled after 11 episodes.
Beginning on November 17, 2009, she reprised her role as Amanda Woodward and appeared in eight episodes.
However, despite Locklear's appearances , the new show was not a ratings success and was canceled after one season.
She was married to Mötley Crüe drummer Tommy Lee from May 10 1986, to 1993.
After their divorce, she married Bon Jovi guitarist Richie Sambora on December 17, 1994, in Paris.
The following month Sambora filed for joint custody of their daughter and enforcement of a prenuptial agreement.
Locklear was formally charged on November 17, 2008, with one misdemeanor count of driving under the influence.
Locklear was sentenced to three years of informal probation, a DMV driver safety class and a $700 fine.
Police discovered that her car, parked in her garage, showed apparently matching damage.
On July 23, 2008, Locklear returned home after four weeks of treatment at the facility.
Matarazzo is of Irish descent, and was adopted and raised by the Matarazzos, a strict Catholic Italian American family.
She attended Oyster Bay High School, as well as the BOCES Cultural Arts Center High School.
On July 31, 2008, Matarazzo's publicist announced that Matarazzo was engaged to musician Caroline Murphy.
She was the keynote speaker at the Gay, Lesbian and Straight Education Network of Boston's annual conference.
In 2012, popular media news outlets announced that Matarazzo and Murphy have split amicably.


McComb was born in Lakewood Township, New Jersey, and raised in Barnegat Township, New Jersey.
They separated in April 2009, and on November 20, 2009, Van Der Beek filed for divorce.
The divorce was finalized on March 31, 2010 and inforced on June 3, 2010. 
Born and educated in California, she is best known for her appearances on the E!
She was one of the eight writers on the show and often participated in sketches and segments.
During her time there, McDonald performed improvisational shows and sketch comedy at the Groundlings Theatre.
The couple has two children, and Dobias has a daughter from a previous relationship.
She also began writing and performing for the Wayans Brothers in a couple of their films.
The memoir covers her college and sorority experience while attending the University of Southern California.
McDonald has a repertoire of women characters of whom she does impressions in her standup routines. 
Kathleen and Michael divorced in 1981, and O'Rourke's mother married truck driver James A.
Her success later allowed the family to purchase a home in Big Bear Lake, California.
In between acting jobs, O'Rourke attended Big Bear Elementary School where she was president of her class.
At the time of her death, the family was living in Lakeside, California.
in the second , placed her in the collective pop culture consciousness of the United States.
She was prescribed prednisone to treat the disease, which caused her cheeks to appear puffy and large.
On January 31, 1988, O'Rourke suddenly became ill again, vomiting and unable to swallow.
The next morning she collapsed while preparing to leave for the hospital and her stepfather called paramedics.
Speaking to reporters, O'Rourke's manager David Wardlow initially announced that it was believed she died of influenza.
The case went to arbitration and was settled out of court for an undisclosed sum.
 Heather Rattray Heather Rattray is an American actress who has starred in several movies and soap operas.
Her acting career began when she was 11 years old, when she was discovered by a film producer.

Touchstone did not make the film, however, and Thomas acquired the rights to produce it herself.
She married Allen Rosenthal, one of the founders of Cocaine Anonymous, in August 1985; they divorced in September 1986.
In 1986, she was hit by a car while crossing San Vicente Boulevard and suffered fractures to both legs. 
Tom departed from the role of Victoria on December 17, 2003; citing creative differences.
In August 2011, Tom announced her engagement to her partner of 15 years, James Achor.
On May 19, 2012, it was announced that the couple were expecting their first child together.
On October 28, 2012, Tom gave birth to her son, Zane Alexander, weighing 8 lbs. 
She is married to director/writer Nick Cassavetes and has appeared in several of his films.
Hopper continued to write gossip to the end, her work appearing in many magazines and later on radio.
She eventually ran away to New York City and began her career in the chorus on the Broadway stage.
Hopper was not successful in this venture, even getting the axe by the renowned Shubert Brothers.
While in the Hopper company, she realized that chorus and understudy jobs were not acting.
She wanted to act, and she knew she would have to prove herself before she could hope to get anywhere in the theater.
She was given the role and that show toured for thirty-five weeks through forty-eight states.
In 1913, she became the fifth wife of DeWolf Hopper, whose previous wives were named Ella, Ida, Edna and Nella.
The similarity in names caused some friction, as he would sometimes call Elda by the name of one of his former wives.
She appeared in more than 120 movies over the following twenty-three years, usually portraying society women.
As her movie career waned in the mid-1930s, Hopper looked for other sources of income.
The gathering drew 93,000, with Cecil B. DeMille as the master of ceremonies and Walt Disney as one of the speakers.
Sponsored by Sunkist, she was heard on CBS three times a week for 15 minutes until October 30, 1942.
From October 2, 1944 to September 3, 1945, Armour Treet sponsored a once-a-week program.
On May 8, 1913, she married actor and singer DeWolf Hopper in New Jersey.
Hopper died on February 1, 1966, of double pneumonia at the age of 80 in Cedars of Lebanon Hospital in Hollywood.
She attended Millikin University in Decatur, Illinois, before relocating to Los Angeles, California, in 1995.
Her father was born to a Jewish family in Lemberg and was a successful bank director.
Her mother was a pianist and Budapest native who came from an upper-class Jewish family.
In the late 1920s, Lamarr was discovered as an actress and brought to Berlin by producer Max Reinhardt.
Lamarr’s role was that of a neglected young wife married to an indifferent older man.
Reputed to be the third richest man in Austria, Mandl was a munitions manufacturer.
Lamarr wrote that Mussolini and Hitler had attended lavish parties hosted at the Mandl home.
She wrote in her autobiography that she disguised herself as her maid and fled to Paris.
However, rumors claimed that Lamarr persuaded Mandl to let her wear all of her jewelry for a dinner, then disappeared.
In future Hollywood films, she was invariably typecast as the archetypal glamorous seductress of exotic origins.
Lamarr made 18 films from 1940 to 1949 even though she had two children during that time .
This line typifies many of Lamarr's roles, which emphasized her beauty and sexuality but were light on lines.
The lack of acting challenges bored Lamarr, and she turned to inventing to relieve her boredom.
In 2014, Lamarr and Antheil were inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame.
Rhodes would be in the crowd at each Lamarr appearance, and she would call him up on stage.
She would briefly flirt with him before asking the audience if she should give him a kiss.
The crowd would of course say yes, to which Hedy would reply that she would if enough people bought war bonds.
After enough bonds were purchased, she would give Rhodes his kiss, and he would head back into the audience.
Lamarr became a naturalized citizen of the United States on 10 April 1953, at age 38.
In 1991, she was arrested on the same charge in Florida, this time for US$21.48 worth of laxatives and eye drops.
She was offered several scripts, television commercials, and stage projects, but none piqued her interest.
With failing eyesight, she retreated from public life and settled in Miami Beach, Florida, in 1981.
In her later years, Lamarr turned to plastic surgery to preserve the looks she was terrified of losing.
Lamarr became estranged from her adopted son, James Lamarr Loder, when he was 12 years old.
Lamarr left James Loder out of her will and he sued for control of the US$3.3 million estate left by Lamarr in 2000.
Lamarr's children, Anthony Loder and Denise Loder-DeLuca, were featured in the documentary.
Her son Anthony Loder took her ashes to Austria and spread them in the Vienna Woods, in accordance with her last wishes.
She adopted a son, James, in 1939 during her second marriage to Gene Markey.
According to Lamarr biographer Stephen Michael Shearer , she was born in 1914, not 1913. 

Although she received an on-screen departure, it is unknown why she was written out of the series. 
Lenhart is the daughter of writer and ex-Playboy model Cheryl Saban and Ray Lenhart, a long-time California disc jockey.
She was raised in New Mexico and attended Sandia High School in Albuquerque from 1980 to 1984.
In 1992, when playing the role of a singer/songwriter for a television pilot, she began playing the instrument again.
She now sings and plays the ukulele in her band, Heidi Swedberg and The Sukey Jump Band.
She has another band called the Smoking Jackets which plays ukulele festivals and night clubs.
Her character was the youngest of a group of six orphan girls who were adopted by a wealthy businessman .
 Helen Ainsworth Helen Ainsworth , also known as Cupid Ainsworth, was a stage and motion picture actress.
 Helen Arnold Helen Prettyman Arnold was a silent film actress who appeared in motion pictures from 1916 - 1918.
One review described it as better than the stage drama which preceded it, while retaining the mood of strangeness.
Screenwriter Hirshbein adapted the film from his 1916 play of the same name and cast Beverley in the lead role.
She was the first wife of actor Lee J. Cobb, who married her in 1940; they divorced during the 1950s.
 Helen Boyce Helen Boyce, also known as Helen Boise was an American film actress of the 1940s.
Born in Missouri, Boyce moved to Hollywood in the early 1940s to pursue a career in acting.
1945 and 1946 were her biggest years, with her appearing in five films over the two-year period.
 Helen Bray Helen Bray was an American actress that appeared in several silent films during the early 20th century.
She did leading roles in a few B movies, such as Murder on a Bridle Path.
The wife of actor Lester Crawford , she was the mother of Academy Award-winning actor Broderick Crawford. 
By the time of her first film she had been in over twenty Broadway productions.
Chandler joined David Manners and Bela Lugosi in what became one of the most successful movies made until that time.
In 1950, Chandler was severely burned in an apartment fire, caused by her falling asleep while smoking.
She died April 30, 1965 from cardiac arrest during surgery for a stomach ulcer in Hollywood, California.
 Helen Cohan Helen Cohan was an American stage dancer and briefly a Hollywood film actress.
She was born in New York City and studied at Marymount College in Tarrytown, New York and in France.
In August 1931 Edward Wallace Dunn left his entire estate of $5,000 to Helen Cohan.
Dunn was employed as personal representative to her father during the final 25 years of his life.
Upon his death on November 5, 1942, Cohan divided his estate equally among his widow and four children.
Helen Cohan died in Los Angeles, California on the day after her 86th birthday in 1996. 
Her funeral was conducted from Pierce Brothers' Mortuary with interment at Hollywood Forever Cemetery. 
Born in Decatur, Illinois in 1901, she graduated from Nicholas High School of Chicago and the Academy of Fine Arts.
It is thought she made her debut in films in 1914, although her first recorded credits are in 1917.
In 1941, her second husband died, and she retired from publicity work in 1967.
Born Helen Isabel Barnett, she was an important stage actress in musicals in the 1920s.
Born in Independence, Kansas, Foster attending school in Kansas City and later attended finishing school in Florida.
Foster died on December 25, 1982 in Los Angeles at the age of 76. 
She graduated from the Berkeley Institute in 1920, and from Barnard College in 1924.
During this time she openly had an enduring love affair with then Congressman Lyndon B. Johnson.
Gahagan Douglas, however, told Malone that Downey had neglected veterans and small growers and must be unseated.
Nixon's fellow Congressman John F. Kennedy quietly donated money to Nixon's campaign against Gahagan Douglas.
His campaign manager, Murray Chotiner, had flyers printed on sheets of pink paper.
Nixon won the election with more than 59 percent of the vote, and Gahagan Douglas' political career came to an end.
She died on June 28, 1980, at the age of seventy-nine, from breast and lung cancer.
She was nominated for five Daytime Emmy Awards for her work on the serial, winning in 1976, 1977, and 1988.
Michael Hawkins, who would play the first Frank Ryan, was one of her students.
As the show progressed further into the 1980s, the ratings took a steep slide.
Born Rose August Wenger in Cleveland, Ohio; one of five girls to Swiss-German parents, Fred and Annie Wegner.
They taught her to ride, and she performed in her first 101 Ranch Real Wild West Show in St. Louis in April 1910.
When veteran riders told me I could get kicked in the head, I paid no heed.
Such things might happen to others but could never happen to me, I believed.
When the Miller-Arlington Show suddenly closed in 1911, it left many performers stranded in Venice, CA.
The performers were paid $8 a week and boarded in Venice, where the horses were stabled.
They rode five miles each day to work in Topanga Canyon, where the films were being shot.
Like many of the cowboy extras, Helen continued to perform in rodeos between pictures.
At his ranch outside of Pendleton, Oregon, Helen worked his horses every day, and learned new forms of trick riding.
The train had to be moving on camera for about a quarter mile and its accelerating velocity was timed to the second.
She leapt without hesitation and landed correctly, but the train’s motion made her roll toward the end of the car.
She caught hold of an air vent and hung on, dangling over the edge to increase the effect on the screen.
What such stunts require is an inbuilt awareness of the speed of the moving object.
In 1922, Hoot married a woman named Helen Johnson, who is often confused with Helen Gibson.
In 1923, Hoot and Helen Johnson Gibson had their only child, Lois Charlotte Gibson; and divorced in 1930.
The money gave out before the picture was finished, and it bankrupted Gibson personally.
They were so pleased with her performance they put her on the payroll at $450 a week.
In September 1921 an independent company hired her for a 5-reeler and folded without paying the cast or crew.
Riding in the picture put Gibson back in the hospital, forcing her to sell her furniture, jewelry and car.
In September 1926 Gibson joined a Hopi Indian act and worked the Keith Vaudeville Circuit out of Boston.
In 1935, Helen married Clifton Johnson, a studio electrician who had been a chief gunner in the Navy.
Gibson suffered a slight stroke in 1957, but it did not prevent her working as an extra in film and television.
She retired in January, 1962 on a Motion Picture Industry Pension of $200 a month plus social security.
The couple moved to Roseburg, Oregon, where she spent her later years fishing and giving the occasional interview.
Hanft was born in The Bronx, the eldest of three daughters born to Esther and Benjamin Hanft.
Her husband, William Landers, predeceased her, as did her younger sister, Alice.
Helen Hanft died on May 30, 2013 of a post-surgical intestinal blockage, in Manhattan. 
 Helen Hayes Helen Hayes MacArthur was an American actress whose career spanned almost 80 years.
When that venue was torn down in 1982, the nearby Little Theatre was renamed in her honor.
Helen Hayes is regarded as one of the Greatest Leading Ladies of the 20th century theatre.
Her mother, Catherine Estelle , or Essie, was an aspiring actress who worked in touring companies.
She attended the Academy of the Sacred Heart Convent in Washington and graduated in 1917.
She returned to Hollywood in the 1950s, and her film star began to rise.
Her friend, actress Katharine Cornell, also held that title, and each thought the other deserved it.
The Helen Hayes Award for theater in the Washington, DC, area is named in her honor.
She spent most of her last years writing and raising money for organizations that fight asthma.
Along with Mildred Natwick, she became a founding member of the company's Board of Advisors in 1981.
She was extremely proud of the strides the hospital made toward the rehabilitation of people with disabilities.
Hayes became involved with the hospital in the 1940s, and was named to the Board of Visitors in 1944.
She served on the Helen Hayes Hospital Board of Visitors for 49 years, until her death in 1993.
Hayes died on St. Patrick's Day, 1993, from congestive heart failure in Nyack, New York.
Holmes began her film career in 1912 with Keystone in a bit part arranged by Mabel Normand.
Starring Pearl White as a bold and daring heroine, the Pathé serial became an enormous box-office success.
After a few films, Holmes and McGowan formed Signal Film Productions to make their own adventure films.
In 1919 and 1920 she made only one film each year and only two in each of the next three years.
After retiring from movies Helen ran a small antique business in her San Fernando home.
Lloyd died in 1946, and Helen died in 1950 as a result of heart failure.
Funeral services were conducted at Pierce Brothers Hollywood Chapel on 5959 Santa Monica Blvd., Los Angeles, California.
 Helen Hunt Helen Elizabeth Hunt is an American actress, film director, and screenwriter.
In addition to her Oscar, Hunt has won four Emmy awards, four Golden Globe awards, and two Screen Actors Guild awards.
She owns a production company with Connie Tavel, Hunt writer/director Matthew Carnahan since 2001.
They have a daughter, Makena Lei Gordon Carnahan, born on May 13, 2004.
In 1998 she won a Golden Globe Award, an Academy Award and an Emmy Award in the same year.
 Helen Jerome Eddy Helen Jerome Eddy was a motion picture actress from New York, New York.
Eddy was born on February 25, 1897, and was raised in Los Angeles, California.
She became interested in films through the studios of Siegmund Lubin, which was based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Eddy died of heart failure on January 27, 1990, in Alhambra, California, at the age of 92.
At this time she began to play the roles for which she is best remembered.
Born as Helen Clare Schroeder, Kane attended St. Anselm's Parochial School in the Bronx.
Kane's mother reluctantly paid $3 for her daughter's costume as a queen in Kane's first theatrical role at school.
She also sang onstage with an early singing trio, the Hamilton Sisters and Fordyce, later known as The Three X Sisters.
Kane's career break came in 1927, when she appeared in a musical called A Night in Spain.
It ran from May 3, 1927, through Nov 12, 1927, for a total of 174 performances, at the 44th Street Theatre in NYC.
Subsequently, Paul Ash, a band conductor, put Kane's name forward for a performance at New York's Paramount Theater.
Kane's first performance at the Paramount Theater in Times Square proved to be her career's launching point.
This resonated with the flapper culture, and four days later, Helen Kane’s name went up in lights.
Then it was back to the Palace, as a headliner for $5,000 a week.
Kane had excellent diction, intonation and timing, learned during her apprenticeship in vaudeville.
These included scat singing, a kind of vocal improvisation, and also blending singing and speech.
Sprechgesang was fashionable at this time in Germany's Weimar Republic in both nightclubs and in serious music.
In mid-1929, Paramount Pictures signed Kane to make a series of musicals at a salary as much as $8,000 a week .
In 1932, Betty Boop was changed into a human, the long dog ears becoming hoop earrings.
The trial opened that year with Helen Kane and Betty Boop films being viewed only by the judge.
Bonnie Poe, Kate Wright, Margie Hines, and most notably Mae Questel were all summoned to testify.
After 1931 she lost the favour of the moviemakers, who chose other singers for their films.
Kane's final public appearance was on the Sullivan Show on St. Patrick's Day 1965.
In November 1924, Helen Schroeder married department store buyer Joseph Kane and took his last name professionally.
The marriage was over by 1925, ended in 1928, and Helen went to Mexico to get a final divorce in December 1932.
In February 1933 she married an actor, Max Hoffman, Jr. After six months he deserted her and Helen filed for divorce.
She had surgery in 1956 and eventually received two hundred radiation treatments as an outpatient at Memorial Hospital.
She died on September 26, 1966 at age 62, in her apartment in Jackson Heights, Queens .
Helen Kleeb also appeared on many radio drama shows, some now playing on XM Satellite Radio.
She died in 2003, nine days before her 97th birthday, in Los Angeles, California.
Lindroth acted on stage in New York before entering motion pictures with the Kalem Company and Famous Players.
She acted in a number of films throughout the 1920s and four small roles in the 1930s.
Later in life, Mack billed herself as a professional writer, writing for Broadway, stage, and television.
She obtained her education as a youth at the Professional Children's School of New York City.
She appeared on Broadway, in vaudeville and in stock, as well as in silent films.
Her Fox Film screen test came in March 1931 and within three weeks she was on the studio lot.
Linda Watkins missed by one vote and Mack was a bit farther down the list of those omitted.
In response Fox named Mack, Watkins, and Conchita Montenegro as rival debutantes or budding stars.
Mack married lawyer Charles Irwin in San Francisco, California, in February 1935 at age 21.
 Helen Morgan Helen Morgan was an American singer and actress who worked in films and on the stage.
A quintessential torch singer, she made a big splash in the Chicago club scene in the 1920s.
Her father Frank Riggins, was a farmer in Davis Township, Fountain County, Indiana.
Her mother's second marriage ended in divorce, and she moved to Chicago with her daughter.
Helen never finished school beyond the eighth grade, and worked a variety of jobs just to get by.
By the age of twenty, Morgan had taken voice lessons and started singing in speakeasies in Chicago.
A draped-over-the-piano look became her signature while performing at Billy Rose's Backstage Club in 1925.
During this period, she studied music at the Metropolitan Opera in her free time.
The show, which featured light, popular and semi-classical music, ran from September 24, 1933, to April 22, 1934.
A later version, without Morgan, ran from May 2, 1934, to July 30, 1937.
In the late 1930s, Morgan was signed up for a show at Chicago's Loop Theater.
She made something of a comeback in 1941, thanks to her manager, Lloyd Johnson.
On June 25, 1926, in Springfield, Illinois, Morgan had a baby girl whom she gave up for adoption.
She traveled to London, England during World War I and appeared at the Apollo Theatre.
To participate in productions there Helen had to endure the submarine threat and air raids.
She made many court appearances while in Europe for royalty and gave benefits for wounded soldiers.
Helen Raymond died at the Lynwood Nursing Home, 306 West 102nd Street, New York, New York, in 1965.
Helen's mother was a stage actress of some note in her youth, and her father was a printer who died in 1925.
Her exact date of birth is unknown; however, it is believed that she was born in 1899.
Helen began performing at the age of three doing impressions of famous adult stars in the entertainment business.
It was in these shows that she got to know other entertainers such as Jimmy Durante and the Marx Brothers.
She was childhood friends with Ira and George Gershwin, the latter of which became enamored with her.
Nelson Eddy was also one of her suitors when she was a teenager in New York.
She died there of heart failure on April 13, 1984 at the age of 85.
Helena Shipman was also a stage actress for a while, but never achieved the fame which Helen Shipman attained.
In the 2000s, Slater recorded five albums, singing her own compositions and playing the piano.
She has a brother, David, who is a lawyer in New York City.
 Helen Stenborg Helen Joan Stenborg was an American actress of stage, screen, and television.
She died on March 22, 2011, aged 86, in New York City, of cancer.
She was born Helen Marie Jurgens in Brooklyn, where she attended Public School 119.
During the winter of 1919, the four-bedroom apartment in which the family resided caught fire one night.
Twelvetrees's brother perished in the burning structure, but the rest of the family was rescued.
While attending AADA, she met actor Clark Twelvetrees, whom she married in 1927.
When Pathé was absorbed by RKO Radio Pictures, she found herself at various times miscast in mediocre films.
With the arrival of Katharine Hepburn at RKO, Twelvetrees left the studio to freelance .
The play folded after only 11 performances, and she largely retired after marrying for a third time.
They had a son, Jack Bryan Woody, born in October 1932, who became a wildlife biologist.
She filed for divorce in March 1936, and it was finalized the following month.
She married for a third and final time to farmer and Air Force captain Conrad Payne in 1947.
After their marriage, Twelvetrees occasionally acted in stage productions but largely retired from acting.
The gravesite was left unmarked until January 2013, at which point her surviving family placed a headstone.
 Helen Vinson Helen Vinson was an American film actress, who appeared in 40 films between 1932 and 1945.
In Austin, she met Mrs. March Culmore, director of the Houston, Texas Little Theater.
Culmore took Helen as a pupil and soon the young woman was playing leads with The Little Theater Group.
She played the wife of Gary Cooper and the rival of Anna Sten, in a story about the Connecticut tobacco fields.
 Helen Westcott Helen Westcott was an American stage and screen actor and former child actor.
She was the daughter of Warner Bros. studio actor Gordon Westcott who died when Helen was seven years old, in 1935.
Westley married John Westley, an actor on Broadway, on October 31, 1900.
Carter was born Helen Rickerts in New York City, and her family was of Scottish descent.
During this period she worked as a fashion model, which led to her becoming a cover girl.
She was offered a film acting contract by producer Leonard Goldstein, which led to a brief acting career.
From 1947 to 1953 she would appear in thirteen films, during which time she also worked as a model.
Her second marriage was to Michael Meshekoff, with whom she would remain until his death.
She was living in Culver City, California at the time of her death at age 76 on January 11, 2000. 
 Helene Chadwick Helene Chadwick was an American actress in Silent film and in early sound film.
Chadwick was born in the small town of Chadwicks, New York, which was named for her grandfather.
Her mother was a singer who performed on the stage and her father was a business man.
Signed by Samuel Goldwyn, Chadwick went to California in 1913 and entered silent movies in 1916.
At the pinnacle of her acting career, she earned a salary estimated to have been $2,000 per week.
From 1929 until 1935, she found success as a character actress when sound was being introduced to films.
He had just returned from France and was cited for bravery for his valor in World War I.
Wellman was signed to play a prominent role in an upcoming movie with Douglas Fairbanks Sr.
Helene Chadwick died at St. Vincent's Hospital, Los Angeles, California, aged 42, in 1940.
Her funeral was conducted by Pierce Brothers Mortuary and attended by stage and screen friends. 
 Helene Costello Helene Costello was an American stage and film actress, most notably of the silent era.
She had an older sister Dolores who also became an actress and would go on to marry John Barrymore.
After the advent of sound, Costello's career declined reportedly because her voice did not record well.
Costello's second marriage was to actor/director Lowell Sherman whom she married on March 15, 1930 in Beverly Hills.
Costello third marriage was to Dr. Arturo de Barrio, a lawyer who came from a prominent Cuban family.
Their marriage was considered invalid because Costello's divorce from her second husband was not finalized.
Her fourth and final marriage was to artist George Lee Le Blanc whom Costello married in 1940.
Costello denied Le Blanc's claim and attempted to regain sole custody in September 1947.
 Helene Whitney Helene Whitney was an American actress who appeared in films in the late 1930s and 1940s.
Through her mother, Grace Fortescue , she was a grandniece of Alexander Graham Bell, who invented the telephone.
Through her father Granville Roland Fortescue , she was cousin once removed of US President Theodore Roosevelt.
She grew up in Washington D.C. where she attended the National Cathedral School for Girls.
After her acting career ended, she became a Manhattan art gallery proprietor and artist in the 1960s.
She died of pneumonia at the John F. Kennedy Medical Center in Atlantis, Florida aged 75 on March 28, 1990.
It is in the region of Uusimaa, in southern Finland, on the shore of the Gulf of Finland, an arm of the Baltic Sea.
Approximately 70% of foreign companies operating in Finland have settled in the Helsinki region.
The city was the venue for the XV Olympic Games 1952 and the 52nd Eurovision Song Contest 2007.
This is how the form Helsinki came to be used in the Finnish literary language.
Little came of the plans as Helsinki remained a tiny town plagued by poverty, wars, and diseases.
The move consolidated the city's new role and helped set it on a path of continuous growth.
The inner city area occupies a southern peninsula, which is rarely referred to by its actual name Vironniemi.
Much of Helsinki outside the inner city area consists of postwar suburbs separated from each other by patches of forest.
Other noteworthy islands are the fortress island of Suomenlinna , the military island of Santahamina, and Isosaari.
Pihlajasaari island is a favorite summer spot for gay men and naturists, comparable to Fire Island off New York City.
The Capital Region spreads over a land area of and has a population density of .
The Helsinki Metropolitan Area consists of the cities of Helsinki Capital Region and ten surrounding municipalities.
Despite the intensity of land use, the region also has large recreational areas and green spaces.
Helsinki has a humid continental climate , less than above the threshold for subarctic classification.
Winters in Helsinki are notably warmer than in the north, and the snow season is much shorter.
Conversely, Helsinki enjoys long daylight in summer, during the summer solstice days last 18 hours and 57 minutes .
The highest temperature ever recorded in the city centre was , on 18 July 1945, and the lowest was , on 10 January 1987.
Helsinki Airport recorded a temperature of , on 29 July 2010, and a low of , on 9 January 1987.
Carl Ludvig Engel was appointed to design a new city centre all on his own.
Helsinki's Art Nouveau style is also featured in large residential areas such as Katajanokka and Ullanlinna.
At the same time the government secretly instructed Finnish officials not to extend assistance to such film projects.
In Kalasataman Keskus REDI, the first 35-story and 32-story residential towers are already under construction.
Later they will be joined by a 37-story , two 32-story , 31-story , and 27-story residential buildings.
Helsinki's current population density of 2,739.36 people per square kilometre is by far the highest in Finland.
The city continued to show strong growth from that time onward, with the exception during the Finnish Civil War period.
Between 1944 and 1969 the population of the city nearly doubled from 275,000 to 525,600.
In the 1960s, the population growth of Helsinki proper began to ebb mainly due to lack of housing.
Many residents began to move to neighbouring Espoo and Vantaa, where population growth has since soared.
Espoo's population increased ninefold in sixty years, from 22,874 people in 1950 to 244,353 in 2009.
The majority, or 81.9% of the population, speaks Finnish as their native language.
Around 12.2% of the population speaks a native language other than Finnish or Swedish.
In instances where a speaker's knowledge of Finnish is not known, English is usually spoken.
Knowledge of Finnish is also essential in business and is usually a basic requirement in the employment market.
Finnish speakers surpassed Swedish speakers in 1890 to become the majority of the city's population.
Foreign citizens make up 8.0% of the population, while foreign born make up 11.1%.
The largest groups of residents with a non-Finnish background come from Russia , Estonia , and Somalia .
Half of the immigrant population in Finland lives in Greater Helsinki, and one third in the City of Helsinki.
Two-thirds of the 200 highest-paid Finnish executives live in Greater Helsinki and 42% in Helsinki.
Bottled Helsinki tap water is even sold to other countries, such as Saudi Arabia.
Helsinki has 190 comprehensive schools, 41 upper secondary schools, and 15 vocational institutes.
Half of the 41 upper secondary schools are private or state-owned, the other half municipal.
The museum building itself, a national romantic style neomedieval castle, is a tourist attraction.
Another major historical museum is the Helsinki City Museum, which introduces visitors to Helsinki's 500-year history.
The old Ateneum, a neo-Renaissance palace from the 19th century, is one of the city's major historical buildings.
Helsinki has three major theatres: The Finnish National Theatre, the Helsinki City Theatre, and the Swedish Theatre .
The Finnish National Opera, the only full-time, professional opera company in Finland, is located in Helsinki.
The Helsinki Festival is an annual arts and culture festival, which takes place every August .
The most prolific would be the Love & Anarchy film festival , which features films on a wide spectrum.
Another popular film festival is DocPoint, a festival that focuses solely on documentary cinema.
Each year, around 12,000 book titles are published and 12 million records are sold across Finland.
Worldwide, Finns, along with other Nordic peoples and the Japanese, spend the most time reading newspapers.
The commercial television channel MTV3 and commercial radio channel Radio Nova are owned by Nordic Broadcasting .
Helsinki hosts successful local teams in both of the most popular team sports in Finland: football and ice hockey.
HIFK, with 14 Finnish championships titles, also plays in the highest bandy division, along with Botnia−69.
Helsinki was elected host-city of the 1940 Summer Olympics, but due to World War II they were canceled.
Helsinki was also in 1983 the first ever city to host the World Championships in Athletics.
The Helsinki City Marathon has been held in the city every year since 1980, usually in August.
Today, Helsinki is the only city in Finland to have trams or a metro system.
There used to be two other cities in Finland with trams: Turku and Viipuri , but both have since abandoned them.
The Helsinki Metro, opened in 1982, is the only rapid transit system in Finland.
Helsinki's metro system currently consists of 17 stops, with the six most western stops residing underground.
Helsinki's own airport, Helsinki-Malmi Airport, is mainly used for general and private aviation.
Like many other cities of the world, Helsinki had been deliberately founded next to the sea.
The city therefore was able to benefit from good sea transportation links right from the start.
The freezing of the sea imposed limitations on sea traffic up to the end of the 19th century.
The arrival and departure of ships has also been a part of everyday life in Helsinki.
Regular route traffic from Helsinki to Stockholm, Tallinn, and St. Petersburg began as far back as 1837.
There are international cruise ship docks in South Harbour, Katajanokka, West Harbour, and Hernesaari.
Helsinki is the second busiest passenger port in Europe with approximately 11 million passengers in 2013.
Finnlines passenger-freight ferries to Gdynia, Poland; Travemünde, Germany; and Rostock, Germany are also available.
During the course of the early 1890s she was managed by Daniel Frohman and appeared in his stock company.
For a short period during 1891, and in between Frohman brothers, she was under the aegis of A. M. Palmer.
Several of these plays would turn up as films in the silent era played by younger actresses.
Her husband Maurice Campbell joined his wife in the movie industry eventually becoming a noted director.
By the mid-1890s she was married to Maurice Campbell and bore him a son, Maurice Jr. in 1896.
He and Crosman joined the nascent silent film industry; he was a noted film director in the 1920s.
The marriage to Campbell, eight years her junior, was a happy one and ended with his death in 1942.
Henrietta Crosman survived her husband by two years, passing away in 1944, aged 83. 
 Henriette Mantel Henriette Mantel is an American writer, actress, producer, director, and stand-up comic from Vermont.
He also believed in the importance of volunteerism and of the role of individuals in society and the economy.
Hoover, who had made a small fortune in mining, was the first of two Presidents to redistribute his salary .
His father, Jesse Hoover , was a blacksmith and farm implement store owner, of German and Swiss ancestry.
Jesse Hoover and his father Eli had moved to Iowa from Ohio twenty years previously.
Hoover's mother, Hulda Randall Minthorn , was born in Norwich, Ontario, Canada, and was of English and Irish ancestry.
He was so ill that he was momentarily thought to have died, until he was resuscitated by his uncle, John Minthorn.
Hoover's family figured prominently in the town's public prayer life, due almost entirely to Hulda's role in her church.
The Minthorn household was considered cultured and educational, and imparted a strong work ethic.
Though he did not attend high school, Hoover attended night school and learned bookkeeping, typing and mathematics.
Both Hoover and Lang had to find pots, bowls and any other available receptacles to collect admission fees.
Hoover went to Western Australia in 1897 as an employee of Bewick, Moreing & Co., a London-based gold mining company.
He worked at gold mines in Big Bell, Cue, Gwalia, Menzies, and Coolgardie.
He served as a geologist and mining engineer while searching the Western Australian goldfields for investments.
During his time at Gwalia, Hoover first met Fleury James Lyster, a pioneering metallurgist.
Hoover promptly sent a cable of proposal to her, and subsequently married Lou Henry, in 1899.
Later he worked for Bewick, Moreing & Co. as the company's lead engineer.
For almost a month, the settlement was under fire, and both dedicated themselves to defense of their city.
Hoover himself guided U.S. Marines around Tianjin during the battle, using his knowledge of the local terrain.
His initial compensation rose to $12,500 annually in addition to a 20% share of profits.
The company eventually controlled at one point approximately 50% of gold production in Western Australia.
The first shipment of almost 2,000 workers arrived in Durban from Qinhuangdao in July 1904.
By 1906, the total number of immigrant workers increased to 50,000, almost entirely recruited and shipped by CEMC.
The lead-silver ore produced at Broken Hill, New South Wales was rich in zinc.
Zinc Corporation proposed to buy the tailings and extract the zinc by a new process.
In 1908, Hoover became an independent mining consultant, traveling worldwide until the outbreak of World War I in 1914.
By 1914, Hoover was a wealthy man, with an estimated personal fortune of $4 million.
The successful mine had yielded $55m in gold and $10m in dividends for investors.
It was determined that Hoover had given extremely detailed maps of the area to Stanford University.
When World War I began in August 1914, Hoover helped organize the return of around 120,000 Americans from Europe.
The CRB became a veritable independent republic of relief, with its own flag, navy, factories, mills, and railroads.
During this time, Hoover made a strong impression on the American Ambassador to Great Britain, Walter Page.
He is a man of very considerable fortune—less than when the war began, for tins relief work has cost him much.
I do not know, but I think he would be glad to turn his European experience to the patriotic use of our government.
This was a position he actively sought, though he later claimed it was thrust upon him.
The agency employed a system of price controls and licensing requirements for suppliers to maximize production.
Hoover briefly considered becoming a Democrat, but he believed that 1920 would be a Republican year.
Also, Hoover confessed that he could not run for a party whose only member in his boyhood home had been the town drunk.
Hoover realized that he was in a unique position to collect information about the Great War and its aftermath.
The collection was later renamed the Hoover War Library and is now known as the Hoover Institution.
But having lost in his home state, Hoover was not considered a serious contender at the convention.
Commerce had existed for just eight years, since the division of the earlier Department of Commerce and Labor.
Hoover aimed to change that, envisioning the Commerce Department as the hub of the nation's growth and stability.
From Harding he demanded, and received, authority to coordinate economic affairs throughout the government.
Hoover became one of the most visible men in the country, often overshadowing Presidents Harding and Coolidge.
It has been suggested that Herbert Hoover was the best Secretary of Commerce in United States history.
With help from Dill and White, Hoover promoted the Dill-White Bill which eventually would become the Radio Act of 1927.
However, Hoover's contributions to regulate radio in its infancy heavily influenced the modern radio system.
Hoover contributed to major projects for navigation, irrigation of dry lands, electrical power, and flood control.
As the new air transport industry developed, Hoover held a conference on aviation to promote codes and regulations.
Although he continued to consider Harding ill-suited to be President, the two men nevertheless became friends.
The Commerce Secretary headed the group of dignitaries accompanying Harding's body back to the capital.
By the end of Hoover's service as Secretary, he had raised the status of the Department of Commerce.
As Commerce Secretary, Hoover also hosted two national conferences on street traffic, in 1924 and 1926 .
With a grant from the Rockefeller Foundation, Hoover set up health units to work in the flooded regions for a year.
Even so, Coolidge had no desire to split the party by publicly opposing the popular Commerce Secretary's nomination.
Hoover's only real challenger was Frank Orren Lowden, a former governor of Illinois.
Hoover's reputation, experience, and popularity coalesced to give him the Republican nomination on the first ballot.
Hoover campaigned for efficiency and the Republican record of prosperity against Democrat Alfred E. Smith.
Where they differed was on the Volstead Act which outlawed the sale of liquor and beer.
Overall the religious factor worked to the advantage of Hoover, although he took no part in it.
He asked the group of journalists to elect a committee to recommend improvements to the White House press conference.
She typified the new woman of the post–World War I era: intelligent, robust, and aware of multiple female possibilities.
White House physician Admiral Joel T. Boone invented the sport Hooverball to keep Hoover fit while in the White House.
By the Tacna–Arica compromise at the Treaty of Lima in 1929, Chile kept Arica, and Peru regained Tacna.
Hoover attempted to appoint John J. Parker of North Carolina to the Supreme Court in 1930 to replace Edward Sanford.
The NAACP claimed that Parker had made many court decisions against African-Americans, and they fought the nomination.
Charles Curtis, the nation's first Native American Vice President, was from the Kaw tribe in Kansas.
Hoover supported Rhoads' commitment to Indian assimilation and sought to minimize the federal role in Indian affairs.
Both his ideals and the economy were put to the test with the onset of the Great Depression.
Libertarian economist Murray Rothbard argues that Hoover was actually the initiator of what came to be the New Deal.
$125 million capital was subscribed by the Treasury and this was subsequently shifted to the RFC.
He was also a firm believer in balanced budgets , and was unwilling to run a budget deficit to fund welfare programs.
However, Hoover did pursue many policies in an attempt to pull the country out of depression.
In 1929 he authorized the Mexican Repatriation program to help unemployed Mexican citizens return home.
The program was largely a forced migration of approximately 500,000 people to Mexico, and continued until 1937.
The plan was met with much opposition, especially from France, who saw significant losses to Germany during World War I.
Hoover in 1931 urged the major banks in the country to form a consortium known as the National Credit Corporation .
The Act increased taxes across the board, so that top earners were taxed at 63% on their net income.
The 1932 Act also increased the tax on the net income of corporations from 12% to 13.75%.
The RFC's initial goal was to provide government-secured loans to financial institutions, railroads and farmers.
Washington police attempted to remove the demonstrators from their camp, but they were outnumbered and unsuccessful.
MacArthur, believing he was fighting a communist revolution, chose to clear out the camp with military force.
Hoover had sent orders that the Army was not to move on the encampment, but MacArthur chose to ignore the command.
Just a few weeks before the 1932 election, we were standing near a window in the Oval Office.
His cigar was frayed and out, and he was in deep thought and obviously troubled.
Hoover's popular vote was reduced by 26 percentage points from his result in the 1928 election.
In the electoral college he carried only Pennsylvania, Delaware, and four other Northeastern states to lose 59–472.
The Democrats extended their control over the U.S. House and gained control of the U.S. Senate.
The Hoovers went first to New York City, where they stayed for a while in the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel.
The relationship between Hoover and Roosevelt was one of the most severely strained in Presidential history.
However, although he retained strong support among some delegates, there was never much hope of his being selected.
By 1940, Hoover was again being spoken of as the possible nominee of the party in the presidential election.
He was appointed chairman of a similar commission by President Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1953.
Throughout the Cold War, Hoover, always an opponent of Marxism, became even more outspokenly anti-Communist.
He also threw himself into fund-raising for the Boys Clubs , which became his pet charity.
Although he lived to see the 1964 convention, ill health prevented him from attending.
At the time of his death, he had the longest retirement of any President.
Former President Jimmy Carter surpassed the length of Hoover's retirement on September 7, 2012.
Hoover's time as only living President was also the shortest in history, at one day less than two months.
His birthplace in Iowa and an Oregon home where he lived as a child, became National Landmarks during his lifetime.
Hoover and his wife are buried at the Herbert Hoover Presidential Library and Museum in West Branch, Iowa.
The library is one of thirteen presidential libraries run by the National Archives and Records Administration.
The Hoover Dam is named in his honor, as are numerous elementary, middle, and high schools across the United States.
The statue is one of seven honoring Presidents who have visited the United States territory during their term of office.
The square is near the Central Library of the Catholic University of Leuven, where a bust of the president can be seen.
The Polish capital of Warsaw also has a square named after Hoover alongside the Royal Route leading to the Old Town.
In 1934, Ware married actor Will Geer, with whom she had three children.
With Geer's film career destroyed, and falling into financial difficulties, the couple lost their Los Angeles home.
Ware later married actor David Marshall, with whom she had one child, a daughter, actress Melora Marshall.
She stayed by Geer's bedside as he died of a respiratory ailment in 1978.
She grew up in Wayland, Massachusetts and studied acting at the William Esper Studio in New York City.
Park studied classical flute and piano at the New England Conservatory of Music in Boston, Massachusetts.
No details were given on the baby other than gender, when she confirmed it with a tweet. 
Her father is a former Green Beret and her mother is a real estate agent.
She was supposed to be a guest commentator for one segment, but producers decided to offer her a permanent job.
Burton portrayed the role of Peyton Sawyer, a fiercely independent visual and musical artist and cheerleader.
The series premiered on September 23, 2003 and went on to be the network's top rated program of the year.
The film had a limited release and went on to make $132,863 in the US alone.
Filming also took place in Wilmington, North Carolina in April and May that same year.
The film had a limited release on May 20, 2011 to positive reviews from critics and over $12,971 worldwide.
In February 2011, Burton was upgraded to a series regular for the third season which premiered on June 7, 2011.
2 on Femme Fatales: The 50 Sexiest Women of 2005 and #12 on Much Music's 20 Hottest Women of 2003.
In March 2010, she gave birth to their son Augustus , and the two were married in 2014. 



Born in Washington, D.C., Parks pursued acting following her graduation from the University of Virginia.
She later married Broadway producer Alexander H. Cohen, with whom she had two sons.
Though American-born, she began cultivating a sophisticated English accent to get more film parts early in her career.
She was treated with fond reverence by the duo and was not a target of pranks and slapstick.
Like the other main characters, her character's name in the show was her real name.
Hillary Brooke was married to Raymond A. Klune, an executive at MGM, from 1960 until his death on September 24, 1988.
On May 25, 1999, Brooke died from undisclosed causes at a hospital in Fallbrook, California.

Hoku frequently performed with her father, who taught her how to write songs, as a child.
She was initially unaware of her father's fame, learning from people's reactions after realizing who her father was.
Armato assisted Hoku in securing the deal, and Ho insisted that he and his lawyers review it before she signed.
A day after its music video premiered on MTV, it was the network's tenth most-requested video.
She opened for Gwen Stefani's Neal S. Blaisdell Center shows of The Sweet Escape Tour later that month.
 Holland Taylor Holland Virginia Taylor is an American film, stage and television actress, and playwright.
Taylor attended high school at Westtown School, a Quaker boarding school in West Chester, Pennsylvania.
She then majored in drama at Bennington College graduating in 1964, before moving to New York City to become an actress.
It is scheduled to play at the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C. December 17, 2011 through January 15, 2012.
For this role, Taylor was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Lead Actress in a Play.

 Hollis Resnik Hollis Resnik is an American singer and actress, especially in stage musicals.
Attending Russell H. Erwine Elementary and Shore Junior High School, she graduated from Euclid High School in 1973.
A Chicago-based theatre actress, Resnik is the 1992 winner of the Sarah Siddons Award.
Resnik played Judy Garland in the 2014 Milwaukee Repertory Theatre production of End of the Rainbow. 
Coleman played an autistic child overwhelmed by messages from God and pursued by agents of evil.
Outside of acting, her hobbies include songwriting, playing piano and guitar, and Taekwondo. 
A native of Lakewood, Ohio, Holly studied stage acting in Chicago with the acclaimed Remains Theatre Co. Career.
She has been working in TV and film in Hollywood for the last fifteen years.
She also had a notable role in the TV movie trilogy on Disney Channel as the protagonist's aunt. 

On May 30, 2008, Hunter received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Some scenes have to be altered from the script for her to use her right ear.
In January 2006, Hunter's publicist announced that Hunter had given birth to the couple's twin boys Claude and Press. 
She continued her acting training with such well-known coaches as Diane Salinger, Rick Walters and Candace Silvers. 
 Holly King Holly Michelle King is an American film actress, TV personality, and reality show contestant.
On day 28 of being in the house, she became the third person voted out of the house.
She returned to the house the following season, to host a Big Brother 6 veto competition.
Over the course of the program King and the other contestants were directed to do a series of dares.
King was one of three contestants that won $5000 for lasting the whole two nights and completing all six dares.

Palance was born in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of the actor Jack Palance and his wife Virginia Baker.
Holly was the first of three children born to the couple, followed by Brooke Palance in 1952 and Cody Palance in 1955.
As of 2003, she had been with her partner, an environmentalist, for eleven years.
Holly Weber was born in Loma Linda, California, and spent the majority of her formative years in Southern California.
While pursuing an orthodontics degree in college, Weber supported herself by waiting tables at a local restaurant.
Weber was discovered at a nightclub in Las Vegas, and was invited to work as a go-go dancer in Las Vegas and Hollywood.
Afterwards she auditioned for various modeling opportunities, and started modeling at the age of 18.
Aside from her career in modeling, she has appeared in the following movies and TV series: 
After changing her name she began to tell people she was the heiress to Woodlawn Cemetery.
Woodlawn played a young, starstruck girl hoping for success as an actress in New York City.
She was released on the appeal of politician Ethan Geto, who helped organize a benefit for her.
Woodlawn began performing in cabaret shows in sold-out New York and Los Angeles performances in the early 2000s.
She continues to travel with her cabaret show, most recently appearing in Manhattan's Laurie Beechman Theater in 2013.
Davis was raised in Tenafly, New Jersey and graduated in 1982 from Tenafly High School.
She was a childhood friend of Mira Sorvino, with whom she wrote and acted in backyard plays.
In the 1940s, Emerson became well known as the voice of Elsie the Cow in Borden Milk commercials on radio.
In 1923, Hampton wed her manager Brulatour, and they remained married until his death in 1946.
The idea that she ever toured with the Metropolitan Opera is belied by a look at the company's online archives.
Brulatour smiled at the Sheikh and told him that Mrs. Brulatour's jewels were worth more than that. 
 Hope Lange Hope Elise Ross Lange was an American film, stage, and television actress.
They had three daughters, Minelda , Joy, , and Hope, and a son, David.
John worked in New York City and the family moved to Greenwich Village when Hope was a young child.
Minette ran a restaurant on Macdougal Street near Washington Square Park from 1944 to 1956.
While attending high school; Lange studied dance, modeled, and worked in the family restaurant.
She sometimes walked the dog of former First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt, who had a nearby apartment.
When her photo appeared in the newspaper, she received an offer to work as a New York City advertising model.
Lange attended college for two years at Reed College in Oregon and at Barmore Junior College in New York.
She also appeared in twelve television movies, one being Crowhaven Farm where she was portrayed as a witch.
In 1977, she returned to the Broadway stage where her acting career had originally begun.
Lange's year of birth is often reported as 1931, but the correct year is 1933.
It has shown the 1931 date from as early as 1980 to the 2009 issue.
The 1933 year also matches the ages given in newspaper accounts of Lange in her youth.
Lange received an award in April 1945 and again in April 1946, when her age was given as 12.
Lange's age of 12 in April 1946 would correspond to a birthdate in November 1933, not 1931.
Also, a short feature story was published in February 1951 about Hope Lange's culinary skills.
The first paragraph gives the biography of a seventeen-year-old Hope Lange of Greenwich Village, New York.
In 1972 she also dated Frank Sinatra and began a relationship with married novelist John Cheever.
In 1986, she married theatrical producer Charles Hollerith, with whom she remained the rest of her life.
She graduated from Northwestern School of Speech in Evanston, Illinois and taught speech and diction there.
From here, she became the head of the Speech Department at Bradley University in Peoria, Illinois.
She is interred at Mountain View Cemetery in Walla Walla, Washington in the Masonic Section. 
She is a certified Yoga instructor and intuitive counselor at the Healing Heart Yoga Center.
Leick started her career as a model in Japan, but decided to concentrate on acting.
She is a member of the California Yoga Teacher's Association, and part of the staff at the Healing Heart Yoga Center. 
Hungary is a member of the European Union, NATO, the OECD, the Visegrád Group, and the Schengen Area.
The official language is Hungarian, which is the most widely spoken non-Indo-European language in Europe.
His great-grandson Stephen I ascended to the throne in 1000 CE, converting the country to a Christian kingdom.
By the 12th century, Hungary became a middle power within the Western world, reaching a golden age by the 15th century.
The Hungarians likely belonged to the Onogur tribal alliance and it is quite possible they became its ethnic majority.
The Roman Empire conquered the territory west of the Danube between 35 and 9 BC.
The freshly unified Hungarians led by Árpád settled in the Carpathian Basin starting in 895.
Initially, the rising Principality of Hungary was a state consisting of a semi-nomadic people.
The Hungarians defeated no fewer than three major East Frankish Imperial Armies between 907 and 910.
Applying to Pope Sylvester II, Stephen received the insignia of royalty from the papacy.
This exceeded the income of the French king and was double the receipts of the English Crown.
He led the Fifth Crusade to the Holy Land in 1217, setting up the largest royal army in the history of Crusades.
Up to half of Hungary's then population of 2,000,000 were victims of the invasion.
King Béla IV let Cumans and Jassic people into the country, who were fleeing the Mongols.
The Mongols returned to Hungary in 1285, but the newly built stone-castle systems and new tactics stopped them.
The invading Mongol force was defeated near Pest by the royal army of Ladislaus IV of Hungary.
As with later invasions, it was repelled handily, the Mongols losing much of their invading force.
The last strong king of medieval Hungary was the Renaissance king Matthias Corvinus , son of John Hunyadi.
He was a successful military leader and an enlightened patron of the arts and learning.
Under his rule, in 1479, the Hungarian army destroyed the Ottoman and Wallachian troops at the Battle of Breadfield.
Hungary's international role declined, its political stability shaken, and social progress was deadlocked.
In 1521, the strongest Hungarian fortress in the South, Nándorfehérvár , fell to the Turks.
The north-western part, termed as Royal Hungary, was annexed by the Habsburgs who ruled as Kings of Hungary.
The eastern part of the kingdom became independent as the Principality of Transylvania, under Ottoman suzerainty.
The remaining central area, including the capital Buda, was known as the Pashalik of Buda.
In 1686, the Holy League's army, containing over 74,000 men from various nations, reconquered Buda from the Turks.
The last raid into Hungary by the Ottoman vassals Tatars from Crimea took place in 1717.
The ethnic composition of Hungary was fundamentally changed as a consequence of the prolonged warfare with the Turks.
A large part of the country became devastated, population growth was stunted, and many smaller settlements perished.
After 8 years of war with the Habsburg Empire, the Hungarian Kuruc army lost the last main battle at Trencsén .
During the Napoleonic Wars and afterwards, the Hungarian Diet had not convened for decades.
In the 1820s, the Emperor was forced to convene the Diet, which marked the beginning of a Reform Period .
Lajos Kossuth – a famous journalist at that time – emerged as leader of the lower gentry in the Parliament.
In July 1849 the Hungarian Parliament proclaimed and enacted the first laws of ethnic and minority rights in the world.
This Empire had the second largest area in Europe , and it was the third most populous .
The old Hungarian Constitution was restored, and Franz Joseph I was crowned as King of Hungary.
In 1873, the old capital Buda and Óbuda were officially united with Pest, thus creating the new metropolis of Budapest.
Many of the state institutions and the modern administrative system of Hungary were established during this period.
Austria–Hungary drafted 9 million soldiers in World War I on the side of Germany, Bulgaria and Turkey.
In comparison, of the total army, Hungary's loss ratio was more than any other nations of Austria-Hungary.
In 1916 Emperor Franz Joseph died, and the new monarch Charles IV sympathized with the pacifists.
With great difficulty, the Central powers stopped and repelled the attacks of the Russian Empire.
On the Italian front, the Austro-Hungarian army made no progress against Italy after January 1918.
Despite great Eastern successes, Germany suffered complete defeat on the more important Western front.
By 1918, the economic situation had deteriorated and uprisings in the army had become commonplace.
Károlyi ordered the full disarmament of the Hungarian Army, leaving Hungary without any national defence.
On 4 June 1920, the Treaty of Trianon was signed, which established new borders for Hungary.
The revision of the Treaty of Trianon rose to the top of Hungary's political agenda.
Some wanted to restore the full pre-Trianon area, others only the ethnic Hungarian majority territories.
In 1941, the Hungarian army took part in the invasion of Yugoslavia, regaining some more territories.
In late 1941, the Hungarian troops on the Eastern Front experienced success at the Battle of Uman.
The newly established fascist regime pledged all the country's capabilities in service of the German war machine.
By the end of December the soviets encircled the capital city - beginning the two months long Battle of Budapest.
The war left Hungary devastated, destroying over 60% of the economy and causing significant loss of life.
The purges that followed saw approximately 350,000 officials and intellectuals imprisoned or executed from 1948 to 1956.
Rákosi eventually managed to discredit Nagy and replace him with the more hard-line Ernő Gerő.
Hungary joined the Warsaw Pact in May 1955 as societal dissatisfaction with the regime swelled.
On 4 November reinforcements of more than 150,000 troops and 2,500 tanks entered the country from Soviet Union.
Hungarian history since the fall of communism has been marked by turbulent shifts in the political landscape.
During this period, all four main political parties advocated economic liberalization and closer ties with the West.
Hungary joined NATO in 1999, followed almost immediately thereafter by its involvement in the Yugoslav Wars.
Fidesz lost the 2002 election and MSZP and SZDSZ formed a coalition government for the second time.
Hungary's geography has traditionally been defined by its two main waterways, the Danube and Tisza rivers.
To the north of the Plain are the foothills of the Carpathians in a wide band near the Slovakian border.
According to the WWF, the territory of Hungary belongs to the ecoregion of Pannonian mixed forests.
Hungary has 10 national parks, 145 minor nature reserves, and 35 landscape protection areas.
Average high temperature in the summer is and average low temperature in the winter is .
The private sector accounts for more than 80% of the Hungarian gross domestic product .
Hungary, as a member state of the European Union, may seek to adopt the common European currency, the Euro.
History In the year 1276, the university of Veszprém was destroyed by the troops of Peter Csák and it was never rebuilt.
Nagyszombat University was founded in 1635 and moved to Buda in 1777 and it is called Eötvös Loránd University today.
The world's first institute of technology was founded in Selmecbánya, Kingdom of Hungary in 1735.
The first steam engine of continental Europe was built in Újbánya – Köngisberg, Kingdom of Hungary in 1722.
Hungarian is a Uralic language unrelated to any neighboring language and distantly related to Finnish and Estonian.
In Hungary, people can declare more than one ethnicity, so the sum of ethnicities is higher than the total population.
After 16th century and the Reformation, most Hungarians took up first Lutheranism, then soon afterwards Calvinism.
Because most deported Jews were from the countryside, Budapest is the center of Hungarian Jewish life today.
Flowers and leaves, sometimes a bird or a spiral ornament, are the principal decorative themes.
The most frequent ornament is a flower with a centerpiece resembling the eye of a peacock's feather.
The finest achievements in their textile arts are the embroideries which vary from region to region.
Soft in line, the embroideries are applied on altar cloths, pillow cases and sheets.
No two are precisely alike, since all work is done by hand, including both the shaping and the decorating.
The imprints are made by the thumb or a finger of the ceramist who makes the piece.
In the mid-19th century it was purveyor to the Habsburg Dynasty and aristocratic customers throughout Europe.
Zsolnay Porcelain Manufacture is a Hungarian manufacturer of porcelain, pottery, ceramics, tiles, and stoneware.
The Zsolnay factory was established by Miklós Zsolnay in Pécs, Hungary, to produce stoneware and ceramics in 1853.
In 1863, his son, Vilmos Zsolnay joined the company and became its manager and director after several years.
In 2009, the Hungarian national ice hockey team qualified for their first IIHF World Championship.
The post-golden age decades saw a gradually weakening Hungary, though recently there is renewal in all aspects.
The Hungarian Children's Football Federation was founded in 2008, as youth development thrives.
At a young age, King acted in a theater in Agoura Hills, California.
On October 15, 2012, she made her debut on the CBS Daytime soap opera as Summer Newman, replacing Lindsay Bushman.
It has a population of and an area of , making it the most sparsely populated country in Europe.
Reykjavík and the surrounding areas in the southwest of the country are home to over two-thirds of the population.
Its high latitude and marine influence still keeps summers chilly, with most of the archipelago having a tundra climate.
It maintains a Nordic social welfare system that provides universal health care and tertiary education for its citizens.
In 2013, it was ranked as the 13th most-developed country in the world by the United Nations' Human Development Index.
The economy has since made a significant recovery, in large part due to a surge in tourism.
The country's cultural heritage includes traditional Icelandic cuisine, Icelandic literature and medieval sagas.
Recent archaeological excavations have revealed the ruins of a cabin in Hafnir on the Reykjanes peninsula.
Garðar departed the following summer but one of his men, Náttfari, decided to stay behind with two slaves.
Náttfari settled in what is now known as Náttfaravík and became the first permanent resident of Iceland.
The Norse chieftain Ingólfr Arnarson built his homestead in present-day Reykjavík in the year 874.
Lack of arable land also served impetus to the settlement of Greenland starting in 986.
At this time about 25% of Iceland was covered with forest compared to 1% in the present day.
Possession of Iceland passed to the Kalmar Union in 1415, when the kingdoms of Norway, Denmark and Sweden were united.
After the break-up of the union in 1523, it remained a Norwegian dependency, as a part of Denmark–Norway.
The former outbreak killed 50% to 60% of the population, and the latter 30% to 50%.
Jón Arason, the last Catholic bishop of Hólar, was beheaded in 1550 along with two of his sons.
A great smallpox epidemic in the 18th century killed around a third of the population.
In the years following the eruption, known as the Mist Hardships , over half of all livestock died in the country.
This was expanded in 1904, and Hannes Hafstein served as the first Minister for Iceland in the Danish cabinet.
A month later, British armed forces invaded and occupied the country, violating Icelandic neutrality.
The vote was 97% to end the union, and 95% in favour of the new republican constitution.
Iceland formally became a republic on 17 June 1944, with Sveinn Björnsson as its first president.
The nation formally became a member of NATO on 30 March 1949, amid domestic controversy and riots.
American troops returned to Iceland as the Iceland Defence Force, and remained throughout the Cold War.
To that end, Iceland provided aid and expertise to various NATO-led interventions in Bosnia, Kosovo, and Iraq.
Iceland joined the European Economic Area in 1994, after which the economy was greatly diversified and liberalised.
It was quickly becoming one of the most prosperous countries in the world but was hit hard by a major financial crisis.
The crisis resulted in the greatest migration from Iceland since 1887, with a net emigration of 5,000 people in 2009.
Iceland's economy stabilised under the government of Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir, and grew by 1.6% in 2012.
Many Icelanders, however, have remained unhappy with the state of the economy and government austerity policies.
The centre-right Independence Party was returned to power in coalition with the Progressive Party in the 2013 elections.
Iceland is the world's 18th largest island, and Europe's second largest island after Great Britain.
The main island is , but the entire country is in size, of which 62.7% is tundra.
There are thirty minor islands in Iceland, including the lightly populated Grímsey and the Vestmannaeyjar archipelago.
Lakes and glaciers cover 14.3% of its surface; only 23% is vegetated.
The largest lakes are Þórisvatn reservoir: and Þingvallavatn: ; other important lakes include Lagarfljót and Mývatn.
This part of the mid-ocean ridge is located above a mantle plume, causing Iceland to be subaerial .
Many fjords punctuate Iceland's 4,970-kilometre long coastline, which is also where most settlements are situated.
Iceland has three national parks: Vatnajökull National Park, Snæfellsjökull National Park, and Þingvellir National Park.
The volcanic eruption of Laki in 1783–1784 caused a famine that killed nearly a quarter of the island's population.
After a phase of inactivity, Geysir started erupting again after a series of earthquakes in 2000.
Iceland, however, has a variety of volcanic types , many producing more evolved lavas such as rhyolite and andesite.
Surtsey, one of the youngest islands in the world, is part of Iceland.
Named after Surtr, it rose above the ocean in a series of volcanic eruptions between 8 November 1963 and 5 June 1968.
This time it was the Grímsvötn volcano, located under the thick ice of Europe's largest glacier, Vatnajökull.
Despite its proximity to the Arctic, the island's coasts remain ice-free through the winter.
Ice incursions are rare, the last having occurred on the north coast in 1969.
Generally speaking, the south coast is warmer, wetter and windier than the north.
The highest air temperature recorded was on 22 June 1939 at Teigarhorn on the southeastern coast.
The lowest was on 22 January 1918 at Grímsstaðir and Möðrudalur in the northeastern hinterland.
The temperature records for Reykjavík are on 30 July 2008, and on 21 January 1918.
There are around 1,300 known species of insects in Iceland, which is low compared with other countries .
On rare occasions, bats have been carried to the island with the winds, but they are not able to breed there.
Polar bears occasionally come over from Greenland, but they are just visitors, and no Icelandic populations exist.
Phytogeographically, Iceland belongs to the Arctic province of the Circumboreal Region within the Boreal Kingdom.
Three-quarters of Iceland's 100,000 square kilometres are affected by soil erosion, so seriously as to be useless.
The planting of new forests has increased the number of trees, but does not compare to the original forests.
The tallest tree in Iceland is a sitka spruce planted in 1949 in Kirkjubæjarklaustur; it was measured at in 2013.
Wild mammals include the Arctic fox, mink, mice, rats, rabbits and reindeer.
Many other parties exist on the municipal level, most of which run only locally in a single municipality.
Iceland was the first country in the world to have a political party formed and led entirely by women.
In 2011 Iceland was ranked 2nd in the strength of its democratic institutions and 13th in government transparency.
The president is elected by popular vote for a term of four years, with no term limit.
The elections for president, the Althing and local municipal councils are all held separately every four years.
The head of government is the prime minister who, together with the cabinet, is responsible for executive government.
In 1980, Icelanders elected Vigdís Finnbogadóttir as president, the world's first directly elected female head of state.
The imbalance between districts has been reduced by the new system, but still exists.
There are 74 municipalities in Iceland which govern local matters like schools, transport and zoning.
Reykjavík is by far the most populous municipality, about four times more populous than Kópavogur, the second one.
Iceland has also participated in the ongoing conflict in Afghanistan and the 1999 NATO bombing of Yugoslavia.
Despite the ongoing financial crisis the first new patrol ship in decades was launched on 29 April 2009.
There are 103 registered airports and airfields in Iceland; most of them are unpaved and located in rural areas.
When the Kárahnjúkavirkjun started operating, Iceland became the world's largest electricity producer per capita.
Iceland is one of the few countries that have filling stations dispensing hydrogen fuel for cars powered by fuel cells.
However, playschools, primary schools, and lower secondary schools are funded and administered by the municipalities.
The government does allow citizens to Home educate their children, however under a very strict set of demands.
The school year lasts nine months, beginning between 21 August and 1 September, ending between 31 May and 10 June.
The minimum number of school days was once 170, but after a new teachers' wage contract, it increased to 180.
Though not compulsory, everyone who has had a compulsory education has the right to upper secondary education.
The largest seat of higher education is the University of Iceland, which has its main campus in central Reykjavík.
The first census was carried out in 1703 and revealed that the population was then 50,358.
Many Polish immigrants were also considering leaving in 2008 as a result of the Icelandic financial crisis.
It is also the location of the capital Reykjavík, the northernmost national capital in the world.
Iceland's official written and spoken language is Icelandic, a North Germanic language descended from Old Norse.
Icelandic is the only living language to retain the use of the runic letter Þ in Latin script.
Unlike most countries, there are no private hospitals, and private insurance is practically nonexistent.
According to an OECD report, Iceland devotes far more resources to healthcare than most industrialised nations.
As of 2009, Iceland had 3.7 doctors per 1,000 people and 15.3 nurses per 1,000 people .
According to a study published in 2001, 23% of the inhabitants are either atheist or agnostic.
Icelanders also have a very strong work ethic, working some of the longest hours of any industrialised nation.
Egalitarianism is highly valued among the people of Iceland, with income inequality being among the lowest in the world.
Steinn Steinarr was an influential modernist poet during the early 20th century who remains popular.
Icelanders are avid consumers of literature, with the highest number of bookstores per capita in the world.
For its size, Iceland imports and translates more international literature than any other nation.
In the 1980s, many Icelandic artists worked with the subject of the new painting in their work.
Perhaps best known is the jazz fusion band Mezzoforte and Los Angeles-based jazz vocalist Anna Mjöll.
Iceland's largest television stations are the state-run Sjónvarpið and the privately owned Stöð 2 and SkjárEinn.
The main radio stations are Rás 1, Rás 2, X-ið 977, Bylgjan and FM957.
According to a 2011 report by Freedom House, Iceland is one of the highest ranked countries in press freedom.
CCP Games, developers of the critically acclaimed EVE Online and Dust 514, is headquartered in Reykjavík.
Much of Iceland's cuisine is based on fish, lamb, and dairy products, with little to no utilization of herbs or spices.
Traditional dishes also include skyr, hákarl , cured ram, singed sheep heads, and black pudding.
Breakfast usually consists of pancakes, cereal, fruit, and coffee, while lunch may take the form of a smörgåsbord.
The main meal of the day for most Icelanders is dinner, which usually involves fish or lamb as the main course.
Seafood is central to most Icelandic cooking, particularly cod and haddock but also salmon, herring, and halibut.
It is often prepared in a wide variety of ways, either smoked, pickled, boiled, or dried.
Lamb is by far the most common meat, and it tends to be either smoke-cured or salt-preserved .
Additionally, boiled or mashed potatoes, pickled cabbage, green beans, and rye bread are prevalent side dishes.
It is a type of vodka made from distilled potatoes and flavoured with either caraway seeds or angelica.
Sport is an important part of Icelandic culture, as the population is generally quite active.
Icelandic women excel at football relative to the size of the country, with the national team ranked 15th by FIFA.
Geothermally heated outdoor pools are widespread, and swimming courses are a mandatory part of the national curriculum.
The oldest sport association in Iceland is the Reykjavík Shooting Association, founded in 1867.
 Ida Darling Ida Darling was an American actress of the stage and in silent motion pictures.
Darling was born in New York, New York and died in Hollywood, California at the age of 61.
During the ten years she resided in California, she was under contract to David Selznick.
The Irish director, Herbert Brenon, supervised work on this film, which was made by United Artists.
Darling died at St. Vincent's Hospital in Los Angeles, California and was cremated at Hollywood Cemetery.
The actress was survived by a cousin, Mrs. Eric Blore, and a nephew, Jordan Ralston. 



Graff is the daughter of Jerry Graff, who was a member of the musical group The Pied Pipers.

Douglas has had a long-ranging diverse career as a character actor with a specialty in comedy.
Douglas' father was the son of Hollywood actor Melvyn Douglas and his wife, the artist Rosalind Hightower.
During her childhood she spent time going back and forth between relatives during the summer.
They had a loose parenting style and did not pressure her to go to college.
Douglas said that her maternal grandmother, a former Rockette, had really wanted to be an actor.
She instilled in Douglas a love for the movies, which they attended together frequently when she was a child.
In the 1940s Douglas' grandfather and Peter Sellers both served in the U.S. Army during WWII and met in Burma.
In the 1960s, the two men reconnected in London and talked about their time together in the war.
Douglas said it took her a long time to figure out the contrasting diversity, to put both halves together.
Obsessed with the movies from her childhood, Douglas wanted to be in show business.
Douglas attended American Academy of Dramatic Arts, where she was a contemporary of Elias Koteas and Lou Mustillo.
When she was 18 years old, Douglas went to work for Steve Rubell at the Morgans Hotel.
Douglas decided to give it a try, working briefly at Stand Up New York.
She didn't like the graphic comedy style then in vogue, and didn't like the lifestyle.
The editors needed a sound effect to convey Mary Magdalene screaming, and asked her to help out.
Douglas, a huge music fan, was fascinated by the Brill Building-era and its personalities.
She played a television executive who started out as a prostitution who had Mohr as a regular customer.
A co-Swedish/American production that will air on Swedish TV but will be sold on Netflix.
The series was also in response to active discussions about the gender imbalance in Hollywood.
The series will be a multi-year event, with the first year's focus on women directors from the 1920s to the present.
 Ilona Massey Ilona Massey, born Hajmássy, was a Hungarian film, stage and radio performer.
Coca's father was of Spanish descent , the son of Joseph F. Coca, Sr., and his wife, Laura.
She was also singled out to win a 1953 Peabody award for excellence in broadcasting.
She received her sixth Emmy nomination, as Outstanding Guest Performer in a Drama Series, for the role.
Donovan sustained a slight leg injury, but the rear-view mirror entered Coca's right eye, smashing her cheekbone.
Performers citing Coca as an influence include Carol Burnett, Lily Tomlin, Whoopi Goldberg and Tracey Ullman.
In 1966, Balin toured Vietnam with the USO on the first of many trips to the war-torn region.
In 1975, she aided in the evacuation of orphans during the fall of Saigon.
A single mother, she was survived by her three children, Nguyet Baty, Ba-Nhi Mai, and Kim Thuy. 
Born Ina Fagan in 1893 in Washington, D.C., Claire began her career appearing in vaudeville.
Between 1929 and 1931, she was married to screen actor John Gilbert, her second husband.
Ina Claire died on February 21, 1985, in San Francisco, California, after a heart attack.
Claire was an inductee in the American Theater Hall of Fame and has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. 
On the set of the film, Allen met Monique St. Pierre, Playboy's Playmate of the Year in 1979.
After her first pictorial, Allen continued to act and also appeared in a series of Playboy videos.
Allen was born in Portsmouth, Virginia and grew up in the South - Virginia, Georgia, and South Carolina.
In the early 1990s, she had been married for a short time to American sports broadcaster Bill Macatee.

Christopherson has worked as a character actor, stage actress, and recording artist in addition to her voice work.
At the age of 18, she moved to Iceland and had a singing career in several languages.
for the first season before taking leave to move to New York to get married.
Her grandmother once visited the river, and Arthur possessed a desire to do so.
He opposed the fact that Arthur and her two sisters were becoming involved in films.
Previously she had appeared in theater in London, England and at the Dublin Playhouse in Dublin, Ireland.
It featured a Mexican cattleman played by William Holden and a military colonel depicted by Richard Widmark.
Indus Arthur died in Los Angeles County in 1984 of skin cancer at age 43. 
 Inez Courtney Inez Courtney was an American actress on the Broadway stage and in films.
Born in New York City, New York, she came from a large Irish-American family.
Her father died when she was fifteen so she decided to go onto the stage.
She secured her first movie work by asking Harry Cohn of Columbia Pictures for his assistance.
She died at the Jersey Shore Medical Center in Neptune, New Jersey in 1975 of undisclosed causes at the age of 67. 


She is the younger sister of Camp Freddy singer Donovan Leitch, who is married to former model Kirsty Hume.
She attended Immaculate Heart High School and Hollywood High School for the Performing Arts in 1987.
For a few years in the 1980s, Skye had a relationship with Red Hot Chili Peppers frontman Anthony Kiedis.
Skye's first husband, Adam Horovitz, is a member of the Beastie Boys.
Skye had a relationship with furniture designer David Netto and they had a daughter, Kate, in December 2001.
On December 29, 2008, Skye and Lee were married in a Hindu wedding ceremony in India.
They have a daughter, Goldie Priya Lee, who was born September 24, 2009.
Bedard was born in Anchorage, Alaska, and is of Inupiat, Yupik, Inuit, Cree and Métis ancestry.
Bedard attended The University of the Arts in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania where she studied Musical Theatre.
On November 2010, it was revealed that Bedard was abused by Wilson throughout their marriage.
Her father, Gaspar Cara, was Afro-Puerto Rican, and her mother, Louise, was an American of Cuban descent.
As a child, Cara recorded a Latin-market Spanish-language record and an English Christmas album.
In 1984 the High School of Music & Art was merged with the School of Performing Arts to become LaGuardia High.
Even though the pilot aired and received favorable reviews, the network did not pick it up for its fall season.
In addition to her music and film work, Cara also continued to perform in live theatre during this period.
But the collaboration paid off and became a hit in several countries, garnering numerous accolades for Cara.
Champlin was married to Paul L. Field and had two daughters, Alicia Field Taylor and Christiane Field.
Dailey was born in New York City, the daughter of Helen Theresa and Daniel James Dailey.
The Matthews family had a brief resurgence, and Liz became a confidante for her great niece Olivia.
Dalton came to prominence in motion pictures through her appearances in Christie comedies produced by Charles Christie.
A wealthy and retired Toledo, Ohio businessman, Raymond Owens, was indicted with her.
He was the son of Michael Joseph Owens, the millionaire inventor of the Owens Bottle Machine.
 Irene Dunne Irene Dunne was an American film actress and singer of the 1930s, 1940s and early 1950s.
The following year, Dunne played a season of light opera in Atlanta, Georgia.
In July 1928, Dunne married Francis Griffin, a New York dentist, whom she had met in 1924 at a supper dance in New York.
Despite differing opinions and battles that raged furiously, Dunne eventually agreed to marry him and leave the theater.
The following year, she was the opening act on the 1953 March of Dimes showcase in New York City.
In her retirement, she devoted herself primarily to civic, philanthropic, and Republican political causes.
In 1965, she became a board member of Technicolor, the first woman ever elected to the board of directors.
Dunne remained married to Dr. Francis Griffin until his death on October 15, 1965.
She was a member of the Church of the Good Shepherd and the Catholic Motion Picture Guild in Beverly Hills, California.
She was good friends with actress Loretta Young and remained close to others like Jimmy Stewart.
Years before marrying Lionel, she had at one time been the consort of his brother Jack.
 Irene Franklin Irene Franklin , was an American actress of stage and screen; vaudeville comedian and singer.
She toured Australia in a vaudeville team and later toured the world before going into films.
She outlived two husbands, Burton Green who died in 1922 and Jerry Jarnigan who died in 1934. 
 Irene Gorovaia Irene Gorovaia is an American actress born in Russia and raised in Brooklyn, New York.
At Universal from 1940 to 1943, Hervey had the lead in 11 B pictures, one A and one serial , all excellent.
In 1943, Hervey was seriously injured in a car accident and was forced to retire from acting for five years.
By the early 1950s, she began appearing in the new medium of the era; television.
On December 20, 1998, Hervey died of heart failure in Woodland Hills in Los Angeles at the age of eighty-nine.
She was born in New York, New York, and died in Paso Robles, California. 
Miracle was born in Stillwater, Oklahoma, and is of Scots-Irish, Russian, French and Osage descent.
Since then, she has continued her acting work, while also writing, directing and producing.
 Irene Ng Sze Irene Ng on July 30, 1974 in Penang, Malaysia) is a Malaysian-born American actress and preschool teacher.
She is best known for her role as Shelby Woo on The Mystery Files of Shelby Woo.
Ng moved from Malaysia to Allentown, Pennsylvania in 1989, at age 15, with her parents, sister and brother.
At the age of 16, she was discovered by television agents when she won a Pennsylvania beauty contest.
After leaving her acting career behind her, Ng pursued her education, and is a graduate of Harvard University.
Purcell was a trustee of Ripon College and member of Governor's Council on the Arts .
 Irene Rich Irene Rich was an American actress who worked in both silent films and talkies, as well as radio.
Born Irene Frances Luther in Buffalo, New York, to Mabel A. and William Martin Luther.
The young family moved to the Bay Area of San Francisco, where the marriage ended after two years.
The two had met when he was stationed with the 25th Infantry at Fort George Wright in Spokane.
Rich said that she was not in love with Owen and that they were just friends.
The couple bought a ranch at Hope, near Santa Barbara, in 1956, were they lived out the remainder of their lives.
On April 22, 1988, Rich died at age 96 of heart failure in Hope Ranch, California.
Her father was an Army sergeant from North Carolina and her mother was a native of Ireland.
After the couple divorced in 1942, Ryan toured with Bob Hope and was on his radio program for two years.
She also played Edgar Kennedy's wife in two of his series of short films in 1943.
In 1944 Irene played a ditsy secretary named Polly in a B-Movie titled Hot Rhythm with the beautiful Dona Drake.
She continued to work in motion pictures of the late 1940s and early 1950s, generally playing fussy or nervous women.
In 1965, Ryan signed a two-year contract to perform at the Sahara Hotel in Las Vegas, Nevada.
She lost to Patricia Elliott , in a ceremony held about a month prior to Ryan's death.
She died at St. John's Hospital in Santa Monica, California on April 26, 1973.
The awards scholarships to outstanding actors who participate in the Kennedy Center American College Theater Festival.
 Irene Tedrow Irene Tedrow was an American character actress in stage, film, television and radio.
She earned a BA degree in drama from Carnegie Tech in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in 1929.
She was a founding member of San Diego's Old Globe Theater and was cast as an ingénue in the beginning of her career.
As she grew older, she found more work in films as the meddling old woman.
She was survived by her children, actress Enid Kent and Roger Kent and her three grandchildren. 
Vernon ended her movie career in 1952, but during the 1950s, she began performing television roles.
Irene Rosenberg died on April 21, 1998, in South Bend, Indiana, aged 76, from undisclosed causes. 
The company went off to South Africa with Worth as one of the leading ladies.
In 1953, she joined the fledgling Shakespeare Festival in Stratford, Ontario for its inaugural season.
She recreated her implacable Goneril in the stark, black-and-white film version of this production.
Using no props, costumes or sets, she created characters entirely through vocal means.
She died following a second stroke in a New York City hospital, aged 85.
She was married three times, the first time to Charles Over from 1935 to 1936; that marriage ended in divorce.
Her third and final marriage was to Ray Murphy, and lasted more than 30 years until his death in 1983.
Adrian died in Los Angeles, from injuries sustained during the 1994 Northridge earthquake eight months earlier. 
Tony Award-winning actor Barry Miller was Burton's son from her brief marriage to actor/director Sidney Miller.
Burton and her relationship with Greg Sestero is described in a chapter of Sestero's 2013 memoir The Disaster Artist.
Bordoni was born in Ajaccio on the French island of Corsica to an Italian family.
Bordoni's year of birth is given in standard theatrical biographies as 1895, but her real birth year is 1885.
She went first to Reno, Nevada, where her father Antonio had settled previously.
She was stockbroker W. D. Hutton's first customer when he opened his branch office on West 57th Street.
During the 1930s, Bordoni was a guest singer on many variety programs as well as being featured on The RKO Hour.
During the 1930s, she continued to perform on stage and starred in another Warner Brothers musical comedy film.
She invested in real estate in Palm Beach in the 1920s during the Florida land boom.
 Isabel Jewell Isabel Jewell was an American actress most active in the 1930s and early 1940s.
Jewell went on to appear in a variety of supporting roles during the early 1930s.
In the mid to late 1930s, Jewell was seen at nightclubs with William Hopper .
She was recognized with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for her contribution to motion pictures. 
Keating appeared as Peter Parker's Aunt May in the Julie Taymor-directed production of the Broadway musical '. 
In her television career from 1951 to 1966, Isabel appeared most often on comedies, with an occasional drama .
She died January 11, 1973, in Burbank, California, survived by two daughters. 
 Isabel Withers Isabel Withers was an American actress, who worked in theatre, film and television.
She later enrolled in a school of drama in Kansas City and joined a Chautauqua circuit repertoire company.
Acres was born in Atlanta Georgia, where she discovered her love for acting in children's theater.
The show's first season finished in August 2009, with a second picked up for January 2010.
Isabelle Fuhrman was born in Washington D.C., on February 25, 1997, but grew up in Atlanta, Georgia.
Her mother, Elina Fuhrman , is a journalist who emigrated from Soviet Russia and has worked for CNN.
For high school she was also a student at Buckley School, an exclusive private school in Sherman Oaks.
Her performance as Gretchen Dennis in Ghost Whisperer earned her a Young Artist Award nomination.
However, it was announced that the film is stuck in legal woes and will be delayed or cancelled.
Fuhrman is on the Advisory Board of the Love & Art Kids Foundation, a Los Angeles-based non-profit organization. 
She was sometimes credited as Claudelle Kaye, Elizabeth Keith, Isabelle Keep and Isobel Keep.
Born in New Orleans, Louisiana, she appeared in over 95 films between 1928 and 1951.

Miličević was born in Sarajevo, SFR Yugoslavia , to Croatian parents, Tonka, a homemaker, and Damir Miličević.
She immigrated to the United States at the age of five and was raised in Detroit, Michigan.
She was also a dancer for the Troy Kids on the Block, a New Kids on the Block tribute group, before leaving Michigan.

Ivory Coast's capital is Yamoussoukro, and its biggest city is the port of Abidjan.
Ivory Coast achieved independence in 1960, led by Félix Houphouët-Boigny, who ruled the country until 1993.
Ivory Coast went through an economic crisis in the 1980s, contributing to a period of political and social turmoil.
At the peak of its power in the 11th century, its realms extended from the Atlantic Ocean to Timbuctu.
The territory of the Mali Empire in Ivory Coast was limited to the north-west corner around Odienné.
The earliest recorded European voyage to West Africa was made by the Portuguese in 1482.
A French mission was established in 1637 Assinie near the border with the Gold Coast .
The French built naval bases to keep out non-French traders and began a systematic conquest of the interior.
In 1887, Lieutenant Louis Gustave Binger began a two-year journey that traversed parts of Ivory Coast's interior.
By the end of the journey, he had concluded four treaties establishing French protectorates in Ivory Coast.
In 1893, Ivory Coast was made a French colony, and then Captain Binger was appointed governor.
Throughout the early years of French rule, French military contingents were sent inland to establish new posts.
France's imposition of a head tax in 1900 to support the colony in a public works program provoked a number of revolts.
Many of the population, especially in the interior, considered the tax a humiliating symbol of submission.
From 1904 to 1958, Ivory Coast was a constituent unit of the Federation of French West Africa.
In World War I, Ivory Coast was put into a bad position with German invasion threatened in 1914.
Until the period following World War II, governmental affairs in French West Africa were administered from Paris.
Most Ivoirians, however, were classified as French subjects and were governed under the principle of association.
In World War II, the Vichy regime remained in control until 1942, when British troops invaded without much resistance.
Winston Churchill gave power back to members of General Charles de Gaulle's provisional government.
The son of a Baoulé chief, Félix Houphouët-Boigny, was to become Ivory Coast's father of independence.
In 1944, he formed the country's first agricultural trade union for African cocoa farmers like himself.
Houphouët-Boigny soon rose to prominence and within a year was elected to the French Parliament in Paris.
France appointed him as the first African to become a minister in a European government.
In other African nations, the people drove out the Europeans following independence, but in Ivory Coast, they poured in.
Due to the overcutting of timber and collapsing sugar prices, the country's external debt increased three-fold.
In 1990, hundreds of civil servants went on strike, joined by students protesting institutional corruption.
A presidential election was held in October 2000 in which Laurent Gbagbo vied with Guéï, but it was peaceful.
Following a public uprising that resulted in around 180 deaths, Guéï was swiftly replaced by Gbagbo.
Alassane Ouattara was disqualified by the country's Supreme Court, due to his alleged Burkinabé nationality.
In the early hours of 19 September 2002, while the President was in Italy, an armed uprising occurred.
Whether the French actions improved or worsened the situation in the long term is disputed.
The unity government was unstable, and the central problems remained, with neither side achieving its goals.
Gbagbo said the next day that elements of the resolution deemed to be constitutional violations would not be applied.
The presidential elections that should have been organized in 2005 were postponed until November 2010.
These events raised fears of a resurgence of the civil war; thousands of refugees fled the country.
The African Union sent Thabo Mbeki, former President of South Africa, to mediate the conflict.
His accomplice, Michael Barry Shor, an international trader, was located in Virginia.
The 2010 presidential election led to the 2010–2011 Ivorian crisis and the Second Ivorian Civil War.
The districts were further divided into 31 regions, then subdivided into departments and subprefectures.
The first round of elections was held peacefully, and widely hailed as free and fair.
Runoffs were held 28 November 2010, after being delayed one week from the original date of 21 November.
On 2 December, the Electoral Commission declared that Ouattara had won the election by a margin of 54% to 46%.
Each of the ethnic groups in Ivory Coast has its own music genres, most showing strong vocal polyphony.
The woman's football team played in the 2015 Women's World Cup in Canada.
Chicken is commonly consumed and has a unique flavor due to its lean, low-fat mass in this region.
Seafood includes tuna, sardines, shrimp, and bonito, which is similar to tuna.
It is usually cooked in a pottery jar called a canary, over a slight fire, or cooked in an oven.
She moved to Los Angeles, California, at the age of one, and grew up in Southern California.
The phrase was written into the show, and later used in the series by Sarah Shahi's Carmen.
Born in Cincinnati, she spent her early years being raised in London, Laurel County, Kentucky.
Madison's showbiz career started, at aged five, as a child model and she won a summer contract to model in New York.
The Wright family relocated to Los Angeles in order to pursue Madison's blooming acting career.
By 1999, Madison left her acting career and her family moved back to their home town in Kentucky.
On July 8, 2006, Madison married Brent Joseph Morris, a University of Kentucky medical student.
Smith-Cameron was born Jean Isabel Smith in Louisville, Kentucky, the daughter of architect Richard Sharpe Smith.
At the age of nine, she began traveling with her father, who by that time was a full-time singing evangelist.
She began by singing backup, then later sang solo, releasing two independent records.
It was while on the road that she was discovered by a representative of Myrrh Records.
She has since released six more English-language albums, two of which were certified Gold.
This album enabled Velasquez to achieve crossover success by building a fan base among Hispanics.
The song also gave her a Latin Grammy Award nomination for Best Pop Female Vocal Performance.
The show airs on over 100 U.S. radio stations for four hours each weekday morning.
Velasquez married Darren Potuck, of the band AutoVaughn, on August 16, 2003.
On December 17, 2006, she married Nic Gonzales in a private ceremony in Austin, Texas.
Gonzales is a member of Salvador, a Christian group with whom she had been touring.
Their first son Zealand was born in 2007 and their second son Soren in 2009.
From an early age she was drawn to the performing arts and participated in several after-school programs and functions.
She graduated from Westmoor High School in Daly City, where she took an active role in drama and music.
In 2009, she enrolled into Whittier Law School in Costa Mesa, Orange County, California.
She is currently a licensed attorney, and a member in good-standing of the State Bar of California. 
Evancho impressed composers Tim Janis and David Foster, each of whom included her in his concerts beginning in 2009.
In 2013 she also headlined benefit concerts at Carnegie Hall and the LDS Conference Center.
She has an older sister Juliet, a younger brother Zachary, and a younger sister Rachel.
She and her family are Catholic and reside in a suburb of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
In January 2014, however, she returned to public school, which she continues to attend in 2015.
Evancho's interests include playing the violin and piano, sewing, swimming, playing with her pets, drawing and archery.
Her parents have said that they did not recognize that her voice was unusual until her first talent competition.
Evancho's parents withdrew the album later in the same month, citing Evancho's vocal progress since its release.
You are so perfect and so wonderful that people have never heard a talent like this.
Many viewers and commentators felt that Evancho should have won, and even Grimm expressed surprise.
Evancho of the 25 cities in the America's Got Talent: Live Tour from October 1 to November 5, 2010.
On October 8, 2010, Evancho signed a record deal with SYCO music and Columbia Records.
2, making Evancho the top-selling debut artist for 2010 and the youngest solo artist ever to debut in the top 10.
Such a duet had been anticipated since Piers Morgan commented on the similar appearance of the two singers.
1 on Billboard's Classical Albums Chart, and was certified gold by the RIAA.
Evancho promoted the album on talk shows and at concerts in the US and in Toronto.
It was directed and co-produced by David Horn and Humberto Gatica, and conducted and arranged by Bill Ross.
A review of the special commented that the songs fit Evancho's classical crossover style.
She continued the tour in the US, appearing first with The Chamber Orchestra of Philadelphia.
The first leg of the tour included concerts in two dozen North American cities between September 2012 and June 2013.
The tour includes stops across the U.S. and one in each of Costa Rica and Canada.
The album has been listed on the Classical Albums chart for more than a year.
In March, she sang at the 2011 Festival of the Arts Boca, along with young stars of the Metropolitan Opera.
In June, she sang in Russia at the opening ceremonies of the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum.
She performed another concert with Tony Bennett in May, in Alpharetta, Georgia, with the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra.
In April 2015, she joined Andrea Bocelli as a guest in his concert in Thailand.
In October 2015, Evancho performed at a benefit for the Global Lyme Alliance in New York City.
... She sings to the important part of the phrase, and then backs off.
... She takes breaths sometimes where an adult would not, but that's just because she's young and little.
People pay a lot to see you and orchestras line up to get you on their stage.
5 Classical Albums Artist of 2013, even though she did not release any new albums during the year.
She was back in three weeks, with a cot backstage for whenever she wasn't singing or talking. 
She was married to Berry, with whom she adopted two children, from May 29, 1960, until June 1976.
In the early 1980s, Joseph helped form an organization for celebrity wives overcoming divorce.
Jackie Tohn was born to Alan, an eBay seller of rare documents, and Bella Tohn in Oceanside, New York.
Tohn attended Camp Lokanda in Glen Spey, New York and Oceanside High School in Nassau County, New York.
The producers then decided to move the play to the Westside Arts Theater in New York and she relocated.

Beginning in the 1980s, she began developing and marketing her own brands of clothing and perfume.
The show propelled all three to stardom, including appearing on the front cover of Time magazine.
Jacquelyn Ellen Smith was born in Houston, Texas, the daughter of Margaret Ellen and Jack Smith, a dentist.
After college, Smith moved to New York City with hopes of dancing with the ballet.
The series formally debuted on September 22, 1976, and ran for five seasons.
In 1985, Smith starred in the feature film , which was directed by her then-husband Tony Richmond.
In March 2010, Smith returned to acting after a five-year absence with a on the NBC television drama '.
In March 2012, Smith guest-starred on ' as Olivia Hodges, the mother of David Hodges .
In 1985, Smith entered the business world with the introduction of her collection of women's apparel for Kmart.
She pioneered the concept of celebrities developing their own brands rather than merely endorsing others.
In September 2008, Smith launched the STYLE by Jaclyn Smith wig collection for Paula Young Wigs.
A society fixture in New York, she has also lived in Houston, Atlanta, Toronto, and Indianapolis.
Jacqueline Buckingham Anderson was born in suburban Cleveland, Ohio, and raised in Houston, Texas.
With some of space to program, she created photosforhealth.com, a company that puts photographs on hospital walls.

She chose to attend the University of Iowa, graduating with a Bachelor of Fine Arts.
Then she went to London on a Fulbright Scholarship to study at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts.
She was an acting teacher at Circle in the Square Theatre School from 1974 until her death at age 82 from lymphoma. 
 Jacqueline Dyris Jacqueline Dyris was a petite stage actress and silent film star, a native of Brussels, Belgium.
Her father was of English and Dutch descent and her mother was Spanish and French.
Jacqueline was educated in Europe and later Montreal, Canada, Chicago, Illinois, and New York, New York.
She relocated from New York to California due to health reasons in the early 1920s.
The play continued more than a year at the Egan Theater in Los Angeles, California.
The latter was directed by Cecil B. Demille and starred Marie Prevost, Noah Beery, George Duryea, and Lina Basquette.
She has also performed in numerous professional productions with Reprise, The Los Angeles Opera, and LA Theater Works.
My favorite Devo song is probably Beautiful World, because that was the one I got to sing the most on.
She again appeared in The Hunger Games ' Tribute Video Diaries and The World Is Watching: Making the Hunger Games.
It is going to be in Chicago, possibly in England and maybe a couple other places.
It’s the story of Bob Zellner, who’s a civil rights activist, and I’m honored to be a part of it.
I went to a very hard prep school, and I’m also not ready to leave my family yet and I’m kinda young for my grade.
I can't talk about them yet but hopefully I will be back in the studio soon and starting college in a year.
It was announced that Emerson is set to star as Olivia, the main protagonist's love interest.
Emerson's father, John B. Emerson, is currently the United States Ambassador to Germany.
Emerson owns a dog named Ginger, who she took with to the Golden Collar Awards.
We would have sleepovers where we would stay up until 4 am watching movies and eating vegan cookies.
One night, we were alone in our hotel because our parents went out, so we decided to entertain ourselves.
In that respect I'm really inspired by Adele, just because her album was not classic pop by any means.
She has R&B elements and jazz elements, something everyone can relate to.
She made two films in 1929 under the name Jane Daly, and retired shortly after that.
 Jacqueline Kim Jacqueline Joan Kim is an American writer, actress, filmmaker and composer.
Kim was born in Cincinnati, Ohio, to Korean parents, as the youngest of three girls.
She earned a Bachelor of Fine Arts from the Theatre School at DePaul University in Chicago.
This was followed by two FIND Independent Spirit Award nominations, for Kims work as Charlotte and for the film .
Kim is also known for her work in the two part epic 'The Debt, Part I and II' for the television series.
Her roots are in musical theatre, and in 2011, she released her first EP, This I Heard .
While there she took a course in journalism from Ford Frick, who later became commissioner of Major League Baseball.
Setting out to Chicago, Logan found employment dancing in a stage production of a theater.
Her family believed she intended to visit an uncle in the windy city and also attend college.
To get the job she lied about her age, and when her uncle found out, he was irate.
At this time, Flo Ziegfeld noticed her and hired Logan for a job dancing on his Ziegfeld Roof.
Together with the Ziegfeld venture Jacqueline modeled as a prestigious Dobbs Girl in Alfred Cheney Johnston photographs.
Lyon was the husband of Hollywood actress Bebe Daniels and became a prominent figure in the movies.
Other prominent leading men whom the actress worked with were Lionel Barrymore, John Barrymore, and Antonio Moreno.
The new writer/director found herself less in demand behind the camera when she returned to Hollywood.
Columbia Pictures production chief Harry Cohn was complimentary of her work but unwilling to sign a female director.
She spent her winters in Florida where she visited friends such as Lila Lee and Dorothy Dalton, both former actresses.
She died in Melbourne, Florida on April 4, 1983 and was buried in Greenwood Cemetery in Decatur, Illinois. 
She would later serve on the board of advisers for the USC School of Nursing.
She also followed her desire to become an artist, known for her French Impressionistic-style seascapes.
At the time of her death, at age 58, she and Andrew had two sons and a granddaughter.
She is currently married to theater director Stephen Sachs, artistic director of the Fountain Theatre in Los Angeles. 
She attended 15 grade schools before settling down in Neosho, Missouri, to attend high school there.
At age three, she won a tap dancing contest, which led her to pursue a show business career.
As training, she saw every movie she could, learning how to mouth the actors' lines.
She started her career in television by playing opposite such stars as Helen Hayes on live television.
In July 2007, Scott was among celebrities at the Western Film Fair in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Others in attendance were Lynn Borden, Brett Halsey, Rick Lenz, Betty Lynn, Joyce Meadows, and Lana Wood. 
Although not sexually attracted to him, she married him on April 2, 1939 at Har Zion Temple in Philadelphia.
She had a mastectomy on December 27, 1962, but kept her cancer a secret.
However, Susann persisted, and when the novel was published on February 10, 1966, it was an immediate hit.
Part of this novel's success stemmed from Susann's and Mansfield's tireless efforts to promote it.
The couple traveled worldwide promoting the novel and her following novels on talk shows and in hundreds of bookstores.
Wherever Susann went on her cross-country tours, she signed each copy of her book that was available.
She wrote down the name and address of every person she met and reportedly later on sent thank-you cards to everyone.
In 1967, the book was adapted into the film of the same name starring Patty Duke, Barbara Parkins, and Sharon Tate.
Susann made a cameo appearance in the film as a reporter at the scene of Jennifer North's suicide.
She also made frequent appearances on television, particularly as a guest on talk shows.
She was transferred to Mount Sinai, a larger hospital with more extensive facilities, for a bronchoscopy and biopsy.
Like her other books, it was a success, in this case being the second best-selling novel of 1973 in the United States.
Written in the late 1950s, the novel is a radical and somewhat bizarre departure from her later works.
It is likely that it was only published due to the continuing interest in Susann's writings.
Her career began in 2006, when she appeared on the Showtime TV show, Dexter playing Young Debra.
Bergman was the St. Pauli Girl for 1999, the first of the Playmate national spokesmodels for the beer brand.
They have a son, Jaden , and a daughter, Bella , whose name was later changed to Bella Vita Bardot Boreanaz.
For Valentine's Day 2013, she legally changed her last name to Boreanaz as a gift to her husband and children.
In 2013, Jaime, David, and their friends Melissa and Aaron Ravo started a nail polish line called Chrome Girl.
The two wives run the day-to-day operations while their husbands help with the overall business.
King was born in the suburbs of Omaha, Nebraska, the daughter of Nancy King, a former beauty queen, and Robert King.
She has an older sister Sandi, a younger sister Barry and a younger brother Robert .
She was discovered in November 1993, at age fourteen, while attending Nancy Bounds' Studios.
She joined Company Management, which already represented Jaime Rishar, a more established model.
It was featured in the 2007 Toronto Film Festival, but has not yet had a wide theatrical release.
King also appeared in the music video of The Fray hit single Never Say Never.
King appeared in Lana Del Rey's music video, Summertime Sadness, which was directed by her husband, Kyle Newman.
During her first job modeling, King began using heroin and had an addiction to the drug from age fourteen to nineteen.
On May 3, 2013 it was announced that King and her husband were expecting their first child.
Their son, James Knight Newman was born October 6, 2013, weighing 7 lbs.
In 2014, she revealed her struggles with endometriosis and polycystic ovary syndrome, which led to infertility.
In February 2015, King announced she was pregnant with the couple's second son.
 Jaime Lee Kirchner Jaime Lee Kirchner is an American actress, dancer and singer, known for her roles on television.
Newman was born in Farmington Hills, Michigan, to parents Marsha Jo and Raphael Newman.
She has one sister, Beth Nicole, a global public relations director at J Brand.
At age 16, Newman founded Apollo Theatre Productions, serving as both a producer and director.
Newman first earned a living performing with her jazz quartet, and landed parts in several short films.
While there, she continued with her music career, putting together her cover band, School Boy Crush.
The band covered a wide variety of music from funk and soul to R&B and blues.
Most recently, they played the ESPN Awards party at The Highlands, the adjoining venue to the Kodak Theatre.
Newman married Israeli-born writer and director Guy Nattiv on April 2, 2012, in Tel Aviv, Israel.
In March 2013, Newman announced she was pregnant with the couple's first child.
Alexander was born in Greenville, South Carolina, and moved to Grapevine, Texas when she was four years old.
Alexander first got into acting in grade school, where she took theater for fun.
In 2007, she had her second lead role, also in a horror film.
In both movies, her character is a strong character who fights back against her aggressors.
Her role generated a large fan base hoping to see a spin-off show for her character.
He worked at various jobs, including on a canal boat, in his youth.
He married Lucretia Rudolph in 1858, and served as a member of the Ohio State Senate .
Abram Garfield died later that year; his son was raised in poverty in a household led by the strong-willed Eliza.
James was her favorite child, and the two remained close for the rest of her life.
James took his mother's side, and when Belden died in 1880 noted the fact in his diary with satisfaction.
Poor and fatherless, Garfield was mocked by his fellow boys, and throughout his life was very sensitive to slights.
This labor would be used to good effect by Horatio Alger, who penned Garfield's campaign biography in 1880.
Accordingly, in 1848, he began at Geauga Seminary, in nearby Chester Township.
To support himself at Geauga, he worked as a carpenter's assistant and as a teacher.
After leaving Geauga, Garfield worked for a year at various jobs, including teaching.
From 1851 to 1854, he attended the Western Reserve Eclectic Institute in Hiram, Ohio, a school run by the Disciples.
Securing a position on entry as janitor, he was hired to teach while still a student.
Lucretia Rudolph had also enrolled at the Institute, and Garfield wooed her while teaching her Greek.
He developed a regular preaching circuit at neighboring churches, in some cases earning a gold dollar per service.
By 1854, Garfield had learned all the Institute could teach him and was a full-time teacher.
Garfield graduated from Williams in August 1856 as salutatorian, giving an address at the commencement.
On his return to Ohio, the degree from a prestigious Eastern school made Garfield a man of distinction.
He returned to Hiram to teach at the Institute, and in 1857 was made its president.
He did not see education as a field in which he could realize his full potential.
In 1858, he married Lucretia; they would have seven children, five of whom survived infancy.
He was nominated by the party convention on the sixth ballot, and was elected, serving until 1861.
In April 1861, the rebels bombarded Fort Sumter, one of the last federal outposts in the South, beginning the Civil War.
Although he had no military training, Garfield knew that his place was in the Union Army.
The 42nd Ohio existed only on paper, so Garfield's first task was to fill its ranks.
The regiment traveled to Camp Chase, outside Columbus, Ohio, to complete training.
They departed Catlettsburg, Kentucky, in mid-December, advancing through the valley of the Big Sandy River.
The proclamation was surprisingly lenient, as Garfield now believed the war was a crusade for eradication of slavery.
He was forced to return home, where his wife nursed him back to health.
He returned to duty that autumn and went to Washington to await his next assignment.
He was convinced of Porter's guilt, and voted with his fellow generals to convict.
Garfield argued for an immediate advance, in line with demands from Halleck and Lincoln.
Rosecrans concluded that the battle was lost and fell back on Chattanooga to establish a defensive line.
While Rosecrans's army had avoided disaster, they were stranded in Chattanooga, surrounded by Bragg's army.
Woods by a two-to-one margin in the general election for a seat in the 38th Congress.
There, Garfield met Treasury Secretary Salmon P. Chase, who befriended him, seeing him as a younger version of himself.
The two men agreed politically, and both were part of the Radical wing of the Republican Party.
Once he took his seat in December 1863, Garfield was frustrated that Lincoln seemed reluctant to press the South hard.
Garfield did not consider Lincoln particularly worthy of re-election, but no viable alternative seemed available.
Garfield took up the practice of law in 1865 as a means to improve his personal finances.
Garfield, having overcome his challengers at his district nominating convention, was easily re-elected.
Garfield opposed the initial talk of impeaching President Johnson when Congress convened in December 1866.
By the time Ulysses S. Grant succeeded Johnson in 1869, Garfield had moved away from the remaining radicals .
Garfield blamed the easy availability of fiat money greenbacks for financing the speculation that led to the scandal.
One of the railroad officials that controlled Crédit Mobilier was also a congressman, Oakes Ames of Massachusetts.
When Congress reconvened after the election, Blaine, seeking to clear his name, demanded a House investigation.
Garfield had stated, in September 1872, that Ames had offered him stock, but he had repeatedly refused it.
A year had passed, from 1867 to 1868, before Garfield had finally refused it.
Garfield, appearing before the committee on January 14, 1873, confirmed much of this.
The Democratic leadership in the House appointed Garfield as a Republican member of Ways and Means.
If Hayes won all three states, he would take the election by a single electoral vote.
Garfield, as the president's key legislator, gained considerable prestige and respect from his role.
In 1873, after the death of Chase, Garfield appealed to Grant to appoint Justice Noah H. Swayne as Chief Justice.
In 1876, Garfield displayed his mathematical talent when he developed a trapezoid proof of the Pythagorean theorem.
When three West Virginia delegates declined to be so bound, Conkling sought to expel them from the convention.
Garfield rose to defend the men, giving a passionate speech in defense of their right to reserve judgement.
Most of the Grant forces backed the former president to the end, creating a disgruntled Stalwart minority in the party.
With a few months to go before the election, the Republicans switched tactics to emphasize the tariff.
Garfield appointed Pennsylvania's Wayne MacVeagh, an adversary of Blaine's, as Attorney General.
Distracted by cabinet maneuvering, Garfield's inaugural address was not up to his typical oratorical standards.
This was one of the prize patronage positions below cabinet level, and was then held by Edwin A. Merritt.
Conkling raised the time-honored principle of senatorial courtesy in an attempt to defeat the nomination, to no avail.
Garfield demanded Brady's resignation and ordered prosecutions that would end in trials for conspiracy.
He appointed William H. Hunt, a carpetbagger Republican from Louisiana, as Secretary of the Navy.
Entering the presidency, Garfield had little foreign policy experience, so he leaned heavily on Blaine.
One of President Garfield's more wearying duties was seeing office seekers, and he saw Guiteau at least once.
White House officials suggested that Guiteau approach Blaine, as the consulship was within the Department of State.
Arthur's succession would restore peace, he felt, and lead to rewards for fellow Stalwarts, including Guiteau.
Guiteau knew the president would leave Washington for cooler climes on July 2, and made plans to kill him before then.
His opportunities dwindled to one—Garfield's departure by train for Massachusetts on the morning of July 2, 1881.
At his request, Garfield was taken back to the White House, and his wife, then in New Jersey, was sent for.
The physician who took charge at the depot and then at the White House was Doctor Willard Bliss.
Over the next few days, Garfield made some improvement, as the nation viewed the news from the capital and prayed.
He was nourished on oatmeal and milk from a cow on the White House lawn.
Alexander Graham Bell tried to locate the bullet with a primitive metal detector; he was not successful.
By the end of the month, the president was much more feeble than he had been, and his weight had decreased to .
There, Garfield could see the ocean as officials and reporters maintained what became a death watch.
On September 18, Garfield asked A. F. Rockwell, a friend, if he would have a place in history.
Rockwell assured him he would, and told Garfield he had much work still before him.
Despite efforts to revive him, Garfield never awoke, dying at 10:35 pm that evening.
Standard medical practice at the time dictated that priority be given to locating the path of the bullet.
Guiteau was indicted on October 14, 1881, for the murder of the president.
His body was transported to the Capitol and then continued on to Cleveland for burial.
His body was temporarily interred in a vault in Cleveland's Lake View Cemetery until his permanent memorial was built.
In 1884, sculptor Frank Happersberger completed a monument on the grounds of the San Francisco Conservatory of Flowers.
To ensure the reform was implemented, Congress and Arthur established and funded the Civil Service Commission.
Peskin believes Garfield deserves more credit for his political career than he has received: Works cited.
His subsequent election victory took place in a three-man race with John C. Frémont and Millard Fillmore.
Buchanan's view of record was that secession was illegal, but that going to war to stop it was also illegal.
By the time he left office, popular opinion was against him, and the Democratic Party had split.
Buchanan had once aspired to be a president that would rank in history with George Washington.
Historians in both 2006 and 2009 voted his failure to deal with secession the worst presidential mistake ever made.
He is, to date, the only president from Pennsylvania and the only president to remain a lifelong bachelor.
His parents were both of Ulster Scots descent, the father having emigrated from Donegal, Ireland, in 1783.
Later that year, he moved to Lancaster, where he studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1812.
A dedicated Federalist, he initially opposed the War of 1812 because he believed it was an unnecessary conflict.
Buchanan is the only president with military experience who did not, at some point, serve as an officer.
43 in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, and a District Deputy Grand Master of the Grand Lodge of Pennsylvania.
Buchanan did not seek reelection, and from 1832 to 1833, he served as Minister to Russia, appointed by Andrew Jackson.
In 1856, Democrats selected Buchanan as their nominee for President of the United States.
He had been in England during the Kansas-Nebraska debate and thus remained untainted by either side.
Pennsylvania, which had three times failed Buchanan, now gave him full support in its state convention.
I wonder whether he can have had any object in saying all this to me.
He might see that it would be perfectly natural for me to tell it to General Pierce.
He served as president from March 4, 1857, to March 4, 1861.
Nevertheless, Buchanan now pushed for congressional approval of Kansas statehood under the Lecompton Constitution.
The Senate choice was the primary issue of the legislative election, marked by the famous Lincoln-Douglas debates.
Douglas forces took control throughout the North, except in Buchanan's home state of Pennsylvania.
Buchanan was irked that the abolitionists, in his view, were preventing the solution to the slavery problem.
As donors we shall possess no control over our own gift after it shall have passed from our hands.
Near the end of his administration, he had a serious exchange with the Rev.
Most of the state banks had overextended credit, to more than $7.00 for each dollar of gold or silver.
The economy did eventually recover, though many Americans suffered as a result of the panic.
Buchanan, by the time he left office in 1861, had accumulated a federal deficit of $17 million.
The mission succeeded, the new governor was shortly placed in office, and the Utah War ended.
Their control of the chamber allowed the Republicans to block most of Buchanan's agenda .
The imperative of safe and speedy travel from east to west was of strategic importance to the country.
Buchanan played little part at the national convention, meeting in Charleston, South Carolina.
When the Republicans nominated Abraham Lincoln, it was a near certainty that he would be elected.
Failed efforts to compromise were also made by a group of governors meeting in New York.
Many consider him as the worst President in history for his failure to prevent the American Civil War.
Southerners responded with a demand that Buchanan remove Anderson, while northerners demanded support for the commander.
On December 31, in an apparent panic and without consulting Anderson, Buchanan ordered reinforcements.
Paralyzed, Buchanan made no further moves either to prepare for war or to avert it.
Buchanan appointed one Justice to the Supreme Court of the United States, Nathan Clifford.
Buchanan appointed only seven other Article III federal judges, all to United States district courts.
Buchanan caught a cold in May 1868, which quickly worsened due to his advanced age.
In 1818, Buchanan met Anne Caroline Coleman at a grand ball at Lancaster's White Swan Inn, and the two began courting.
A source of this interest has been Buchanan's close and intimate relationship with William Rufus King .
Both had strong political ambitions, and in 1844 they planned to run as president and vice president.
I have gone a wooing to several gentlemen, but have not succeeded with any one of them.
Buchanan biographer Philip Klein explains the challenges Buchanan faced: Buchanan never had a strong reputation.
The monument was designed to show the original weathered surface of the native rubble and mortar.
Three counties are named in his honor: Buchanan County, Iowa, Buchanan County, Missouri, and Buchanan County, Virginia.
A Democrat, Polk served as the 13th Speaker of the House of Representatives and Governor of Tennessee .
His father, Samuel Polk, was a slaveholder, successful farmer and surveyor of Scots-Irish descent.
His mother, Jane Polk , was a descendant of a brother of the Scottish religious reformer John Knox.
Like most early Scots-Irish settlers in the North Carolina mountains, the Knox and Polk families were Presbyterian.
The family grew prosperous, with Samuel Polk turning to land speculation and becoming a county judge.
Polk was awake during the operation with nothing but brandy available for anesthetic, but it was successful.
The surgery may have left Polk sterile, as he did not sire any children.
When Polk recovered, his father offered to bring him into the mercantile business, but Polk refused.
A year later he attended an academy in Murfreesboro, where he may have met his future wife, Sarah Childress.
In January 1816, he transferred and was admitted into the University of North Carolina as a second-semester sophomore.
While there, Polk joined the Dialectic Society where he regularly took part in debates and learned the art of oratory.
After graduation, Polk traveled to Nashville to study law under renowned Nashville trial attorney Felix Grundy.
On September 20, 1819, Polk, with Grundy's endorsement, was elected clerk for the Tennessee State Senate.
Polk was reelected as clerk in 1821 without opposition, and would continue to serve until 1822.
Polk's practice was successful as there were many cases arising from debts after the Panic of 1819.
In 1822 Polk joined the Tennessee militia as a captain in the cavalry regiment of the 5th Brigade.
In October 1823 Polk voted for Andrew Jackson to become the next United States Senator from Tennessee.
Polk courted Sarah Childress, and they married on January 1, 1824 in Murfreesboro.
An old story told that Andrew Jackson had encouraged their romance when they began to court.
Clay's support proved to be the deciding factor in the House and Adams was elected President.
In 1825, Polk ran for the United States House of Representatives for the Tennessee's 6th congressional district.
With Jackson's victory in the election Polk began to support the administration's position in Congress.
In August 1833, after being elected to this fifth term, Polk became the chair of the House Ways and Means Committee.
In June 1834, Speaker of the House Andrew Stevenson resigned, leaving the spot for speaker open.
Polk ran against fellow Tennessean John Bell for Speaker, and, after ten ballots, Bell won.
The two major issues during Polk's speakership were slavery and the economy, after the Panic of 1837.
However, with support from Polk and his cabinet, Van Buren chose to stick with the Specie Circular.
He never challenged anyone to a duel no matter how much they insulted his honor as was customary then.
In the presidential election of 1840, Van Buren was overwhelmingly defeated by a popular Whig, William Henry Harrison.
Polk lost his own reelection to James C. Jones, in 1841, by 3,243 votes.
Polk initially hoped to be nominated for vice president at the Democratic convention, which began on May 27, 1844.
Other candidates included James Buchanan, General Lewis Cass, Cave Johnson, John C. Calhoun, and Levi Woodbury.
In subsequent rounds the vote swung toward Cass, but he also fell short of the supermajority.
Before the convention, Jackson told Polk that he was his favorite for the nomination of the Democratic Party.
In the end, this is exactly what happened as a result of Polk's support of westward expansion.
The annexation of Texas, which was at the forefront during the Democratic Convention, again dominated the campaign.
Polk was a strong proponent of immediate annexation, while Clay seemed more equivocal and vacillating.
However, he won New York, where Clay lost votes to the antislavery Liberty Party candidate James G. Birney.
Also contributing to Polk's victory was the support of new immigrant voters, who opposed the Whigs' policies.
When he took office on March 4, 1845, Polk, at 49, became the youngest man at the time to assume the presidency.
By linking acquisition of new lands in Oregon and Texas , he hoped to satisfy both North and South.
Polk's actions were popular in the South and West; however, they were despised by many protectionists in Pennsylvania.
In this regard he followed his hero Andrew Jackson, who had vetoed the Maysville Road Bill in 1830 on similar grounds.
James inherited twenty of his father's slaves, either directly or from deceased brothers.
He ran this plantation for the rest of his life, eventually taking it over completely from his brother-in-law.
Polk rarely sold slaves, although once he became President and could better afford it, he bought more.
Polk's will stipulated that their slaves were to be freed after his wife Sarah had died.
Democrats believed that opening up more land for yeoman farmers was critical for the success of republican virtue.
To balance the interests of North and South, he wanted to acquire the Oregon Country as well.
Since 1818, the territory had been under the joint occupation and control of the United Kingdom and the United States.
Although the Democratic platform asserted a claim to the entire region, Polk was willing to compromise.
Polk wanted territory, not war, so he compromised with the British Foreign Secretary, Lord Aberdeen.
The Oregon Treaty of 1846 divided the Oregon Country along the 49th parallel, the original American proposal.
Although there were many who still clamored for the entire territory, the treaty was approved by the Senate.
Texas promptly accepted the offer and officially became a state on December 29, 1845.
The main interest was San Francisco Bay as an access point for trade with Asia.
In 1845, he sent diplomat John Slidell to Mexico to purchase California and New Mexico for $24–30 million.
Slidell returned to Washington in May 1846, having been rebuffed by the Mexican government.
By the summer of 1846, American forces under General Stephen W. Kearny had captured New Mexico.
Santa Anna's efforts, however, were in vain, as Generals Taylor and Winfield Scott destroyed all resistance.
Scott captured Mexico City in September 1847, and Taylor won a series of victories in northern Mexico.
Even after these battles, Mexico did not surrender until 1848, when it agreed to peace terms set out by Polk.
In March 1848, the Whigs, who had been so opposed to Polk's policy, suddenly changed position.
In the 1848 election, however, the Whigs nominated General Zachary Taylor, a war hero, and celebrated his victories.
Cuba was close to the United States and had slavery, so the idea appealed to Southerners but was unwelcome in the North.
However, Spain was still making huge profits in Cuba , and thus the Spanish government rejected Saunders' overtures.
One of Polk's last acts as President was to sign the bill creating the Department of the Interior .
This was the first new cabinet position created since the early days of the Republic.
Polk also nominated George W. Woodward of Pennsylvania in 1846, but the United States Senate rejected the nomination.
He lost weight and had deep lines on his face and dark circles under his eyes.
Polk was also survived by his mother, Jane Knox Polk, who died on January 11, 1852.
He was the youngest former president to die in retirement at the age of 53.
He and his wife are buried in a tomb on the grounds of the Tennessee State Capitol in Nashville, Tennessee.
The tomb was moved to this location from their downtown Nashville mansion, Polk Place, in 1893.
When historians began ranking the presidents in 1948, Polk ranked 10th in Arthur M. Schlesinger's poll.
After the constitution had been drafted, Madison became one of the leaders in the movement to ratify it.
In 1789, Madison became a leader in the new House of Representatives, drafting many basic laws.
As Jefferson's Secretary of State , Madison supervised the Louisiana Purchase, which doubled the nation's size.
After his election to the presidency, he presided over renewed prosperity for several years.
Three of James Jr.'s brothers died as infants, including one who was stillborn.
Through diligence and long hours of study that may have damaged his health, Madison graduated in 1771.
His studies included Latin, Greek, science, geography, mathematics, rhetoric, and philosophy.
Madison studied law from his interest in public policy, not with the intent of practicing law as a profession.
At a height of only five feet, four inches , and never weighing more than 100 pounds, he was the smallest president.
Although educated by Presbyterian clergymen, young Madison was an avid reader of English deist tracts.
This was the first step in a life of public service that his family's wealth allowed him to pursue.
He worked with the Baptist preacher Elijah Craig on constitutional guarantees for religious liberty in Virginia.
It disestablished the Church of England and disclaimed any power of state compulsion in religious matters.
He excluded Patrick Henry's plan to compel citizens to pay taxes that would go to a congregation of their choice.
In 1777 Madison's cousin, the Right Reverend James Madison , became president of The College of William & Mary.
This arrangement did not work particularly well, and was even less successful after the war was over.
Congress had no power to tax, and as a result was unable to pay debts left over from the Revolution.
Madison and other nationalists, such as Washington and Alexander Hamilton, were very concerned about this.
They believed the constitution would need to do more than fix the Articles of Confederation.
During the course of the Convention, Madison spoke over two hundred times, and his fellow delegates rated him highly.
Years earlier he had pored over crates of books that Jefferson sent him from France on various forms of government.
This would be done by special conventions called in each state to decide that sole question of ratification.
When the Virginia convention began, the constitution had not yet been ratified by the required nine states.
As the states were leery of creating a powerful central government, the drive to achieve ratification was difficult.
Patrick Henry feared that the constitution would trample on the independence of the states and the rights of citizens.
Although Henry was by far the more powerful and dramatic speaker, Madison successfully matched him.
Madison believed that slaves, as property, would be protected by both their masters and the government.
The Constitution was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain.
Madison had been a delegate to the Confederation Congress, and wanted to be elected senator in the new government.
Henry used his power to keep the Virginia legislature from appointing Madison as one of the state's senators.
He ran against James Monroe, a future president, and traveled with Monroe while campaigning.
The omission of a bill of rights became the main argument of the anti-federalists against the constitution.
Though few in the new congress wanted to debate a possible Bill of Rights , Madison pressed the issue.
Instead, it adopted 17 amendments to be attached separately and sent this bill to the Senate.
This final version was approved by joint resolution of Congress on September 25, 1789.
Article Two became part of the Constitution May 7, 1992 as the Twenty-seventh Amendment.
When Britain and France went to war in 1793, the U.S. was caught in the middle.
The 1778 treaty of alliance with France was still in effect, yet most of the new country's trade was with Britain.
He failed in both the Senate and House, and the Jay Treaty led to ten years of prosperous trade with Britain .
1789 Madison was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives with 57.37% of the vote, defeating James Monroe.
He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1794.
At the time, he began to support a national bank, a stronger navy, and a standing army.
Madison was 43 when he married for the first time, which was considered late in that era.
Madison had no children but did adopt Todd's one surviving son, John Payne Todd , after the marriage.
Dolley's sister, Lucy Payne, had recently married George Steptoe Washington, a nephew of President Washington.
In May 1794, Madison asked their mutual friend Aaron Burr to arrange a meeting.
For marrying Madison, a non-Quaker, she was expelled from the Society of Friends.
When her husband was president, she created the role of First Lady, using her social talents to advance his program.
He had begun to act as a steward of his father's properties by 1780, but this completed his takeover.
When Thomas Jefferson was inaugurated as president in 1801, he named Madison to be his secretary of state.
Throughout Jefferson's presidency, much of Europe was at war, at first between France and Austria.
Napoleon gave up on thoughts of restoring the empire and sold the Louisiana territory to Madison and Jefferson in 1803.
Neither London nor Paris showed much respect, however, and the situation deteriorated during Jefferson's second term.
He was opposed by Rep. John Randolph, who had broken earlier with Jefferson and Madison.
The Republican Party Congressional caucus chose the candidate and easily selected Madison over James Monroe.
Upon his inauguration in 1809, Madison immediately had difficulty in his appointment selection of Sec.
Under opposition from Sen. William B. Giles, Madison chose not to fight Congress for the nomination but kept Sec.
The talented Swiss-born Gallatin was Madison's primary advisor, confidant, and policy planner.
Madison appointed Robert Smith for Secretary of State, Jefferson's former Secretary of Navy.
One of the most pressing issues Madison confronted was the first Bank of the United States.
Together with the effects of European peace, the United States economy began to recover early in Madison's presidency.
The United States entered the War of 1812, which in many respects was a theater of the broader Napoleonic Wars.
Napoleon began his Continental System, intended to force other European countries to join his embargo on Britain.
As Great Britain increased naval pressure against Napoleon, it inadvertently did the same against American ships.
The United States considered this no less an affront to American sovereignty than an invasion of American soil.
They had reduced the military, closed the Bank of the U.S., and narrowed the tax system.
By the time the war began, Madison's military force consisted mostly of poorly trained militia members.
Their militias either sat out the war or refused to leave their respective states for action.
But, after losing control of Lake Erie at the naval Battle of Lake Erie in 1813, the British were forced to retreat.
The American defenders repulsed the British invasion army in the most decisive victory of the war.
The Treaty of Ghent ended the war in February 1815, with no territorial gains on either side.
This view, while inaccurate, strongly contributed to the post-war euphoria that persisted for a decade.
It also helps explain the significance of the war, even if it was strategically inconclusive.
Madison's final years began an unprecedented period of peace and prosperity, which was called the Era of Good Feelings.
With peace finally established, Americans believed they had secured a solid independence from Britain.
After Wilkinson's two battle defeats by the British, Madison relieved the officer from active military service.
Madison appointed the following Justices to the Supreme Court of the United States: Other courts.
One of those judges was appointed twice, to different seats on the same court.
Dolley, who thought they would finally have a chance to travel to Paris, was 49.
He had the highest respect for Madison and said he never struck a slave, nor permitted an overseer to do so.
Madison's financial troubles weighed on him, and deteriorating mental and physical health would haunt him.
In 1826, after the death of Jefferson, Madison was appointed as the second Rector of the University of Virginia.
He retained the position as college chancellor for ten years until his death in 1836.
Western reformers also wanted to extend suffrage to all white men, in place of the historic property requirement.
Madison was very concerned about the continuing issue of slavery in Virginia and the South.
The British sociologist Harriet Martineau visited with Madison during her tour of the United States in 1834.
Between 1834 and 1835, Madison sold 25% of his slaves to make up for financial losses on his plantation.
Madison lived until 1836, increasingly ignored by the new leaders of the American polity.
He died at Montpelier on June 28, as the last of the Founding Fathers.
The other half were inherited by her, her son John Payne Todd, and James Madison, Jr., a nephew.
Between 1845 and 1849 Todd sold numerous slaves; by 1851 he retained only 15 at his residence.
In 1851, Montpelier was owned by Thomas Thorton, an Englishman; he held 40 slaves.
Montpelier, his family's plantation and his home in Orange, Virginia, has been designated a National Historic Landmark.
Many counties, several towns, cities, educational institutions, a mountain range and a river are named after Madison: 
Born in Westmoreland County, Virginia, Monroe was of the planter class and fought in the American Revolutionary War.
He was wounded in the Battle of Trenton with a musket ball to his shoulder.
After studying law under Thomas Jefferson from 1780 to 1783, he served as a delegate in the Continental Congress.
The site is marked and is one mile from the unincorporated community known today as Monroe Hall, Virginia.
The James Monroe Family Home Site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
His paternal great-grandfather Patrick Andrew Monroe emigrated to America from Scotland in the mid-17th century.
In 1650 he patented a large tract of land in Washington Parish, Westmoreland County, Virginia.
Among James Monroe's ancestors were French Huguenot immigrants, who came to Virginia in 1700.
There he excelled as a pupil and progressed through Latin and mathematics faster than most boys his age.
John Marshall, later Chief Justice of the United States, was among his classmates.
At the time, most students were charged with excitement over the prospect of rebellion against King George III.
They used the loot of 200 muskets and 300 swords to arm the Williamsburg militia.
Monroe and his regiment crossed over and marched through a Nor'easter snow storm north and then east towards Trenton.
The Battle of Trenton would be Monroe's only battle as he would spend the next three months recuperating from his wound.
Although he owned much more land and slaves and speculated in property, he was rarely on-site to oversee the operations.
Overseers treated the slaves harshly to force production, but the plantations barely broke even.
Monroe incurred debts by his lavish and expensive lifestyle and often sold property to pay them off.
Monroe was a wealthy Loudoun County plantation owner who owned numerous slave plantations including Oak Hill in Aldie.
Monroe was an absentee slaveholder in that he had his overseers run the plantations while he lived elsewhere.
Monroe's practice of moving and separating slave families was common treatment of slaves in the South.
He was elected to Congress in November 1783 and served in Annapolis until Congress left for Trenton in June 1784.
He had served a total of three years when he finally retired from that office by the rule of rotation.
By that time, the government was meeting in the temporary capital of New York City.
Virginians held a full spectrum of opinions about the merits of the proposed change in national government.
George Washington and James Madison were leading supporters; Patrick Henry and George Mason were leading opponents.
Monroe ran for a House seat in the First Congress but was defeated by Madison.
With France and Britain at war, the Jay Treaty alarmed and angered the French.
He was humiliated by Washington's criticism for his support of revolutionary France as minister to the nation.
As governor he considered using the Virginia militia to force the outcome in favor of Jefferson.
Federalists were likewise suspicious of Monroe, some seeing him as at best a French dupe and at worst a traitor.
President Jefferson sent Monroe to France to assist Robert R. Livingston in negotiating the Louisiana Purchase.
Monroe was then appointed Minister to the Court of St. James's in London from 1803 to 1807.
In 1806 he negotiated a treaty with Great Britain, known as the Monroe–Pinkney Treaty.
It would have extended the Jay Treaty of 1794 which had expired after ten years.
After the failure of the treaty, Monroe returned to the United States in 1807.
The Quids, seeing that Monroe's foreign policy had been rejected by Jefferson, tried to enlist Monroe in their cause.
John Randolph of Roanoke led the Quid effort to stop Jefferson's choice of James Madison.
Monroe had little to do with the War of 1812, as President Madison and the War Hawks in Congress were dominant.
Monroe therefore resigned as Secretary of War on March 15, 1815 and was formally reappointed Secretary of State.
Monroe stayed on at State until March 4, 1817, when he began his term as the new President of the United States.
King carried only Connecticut, Delaware, and Massachusetts and won only 34 of 217 electoral votes cast.
Frequent stops on these tours allowed innumerable ceremonies of welcome and expressions of good will.
The application for statehood in 1819 by the Missouri Territory as a slave state failed.
An amended bill for gradually eliminating slavery in Missouri precipitated two years of bitter debate in Congress.
The Missouri Compromise lasted until 1854, when Stephen A. Douglas's Kansas-Nebraska Act repealed it.
His proposals were to speed up the assimilation process, but were ignored by Congress.
Adams, under Monroe's supervision, wrote the instructions for the ministers to these new countries.
Monroe formally announced in his message to Congress on December 2, 1823, what was later called the Monroe Doctrine.
Galvanized by the British initiative, Monroe consulted with American leaders and then formulated a plan with Adams.
Not only must Latin America be left alone, he warned, but also Russia must not encroach southward on the Pacific coast.
The result was a system of American isolationism under the sponsorship of the British navy.
Monroe appointed one Justice to the Supreme Court of the United States, Smith Thompson.
He had operated the family farm from 1788 to 1817, but sold it in the first year of his presidency to the new college.
Throughout his life, he was not financially solvent, and his wife's poor health made matters worse.
He and his wife lived in Oak Hill, Virginia, until Elizabeth's death on September 23, 1830.
In August 1825, the Monroes had received the Marquis de Lafayette and President John Quincy Adams as guests there.
Monroe's health began to slowly fail by the end of the 1820s and John Quincy Adams visited him there in April 1831.
Adams found him alert and eager to discuss the situation in Europe, but in ill health.
Monroe was originally buried in New York at the Gouverneur family's vault in the New York City Marble Cemetery.
Letters that do survive, such as ones written after the death of his son, contain no discussion of religion.
As an adult, he frequently attended Episcopal churches, though there is no record he ever took communion.
According to William Seale, he took several slaves with him to Washington to serve at the White House from 1817 to 1825.
This was typical of other slaveholders, as Congress did not provide for domestic staff of the presidents at that time.
They were tried in an oyer and terminer court without the benefit of a jury, and four were convicted.
In response, Governor Monroe called out the militia; the slave patrols soon captured some slaves accused of involvement.
Slave codes prevented slaves from being treated like whites, and they were given quick trials without a jury.
Monroe influenced the Executive Council to pardon and sell some slaves instead of hanging them.
None of the executed slaves had killed any whites because the uprising had been foiled before it began.
They helped send several thousand freed slaves to the new colony of Liberia in Africa from 1820 to 1840.
Slave owners like Monroe and Jackson wanted to prevent free blacks from encouraging slaves in the South to rebel.
With about $100,000 in Federal grant money, the organization also bought land for the freedmen in what is today Liberia.
Gertz was born in Chicago, Illinois, and lived in the city's nearby suburb of Glenview.
Her parents are Sharyn and Walter Gertz, who was a builder and contractor, and she has two brothers, Michael and Scott.
She was discovered in a nationwide talent search by Norman Lear and studied drama at NYU.
She returned to this role in one more episode as a guest star in the show's final season in 2002.
In 2011, the Giving Back Fund named Gertz and her husband the number-one donor to charity of any celebrity in 2010.
 Jamia Simone Nash Jamia Simone Nash , also known simply as Jamia, is an American singer and actress.
Sigler was born in Jericho, New York, the daughter of Steve and Connie Sigler; she has two brothers, Brian and Adam.
In 1997, she was cast as the precocious Meadow Soprano, daughter of New Jersey mob boss Tony Soprano.
The show premiered in 1999 and became a huge success, catapulting Sigler to fame as a TV actress.
She returned as a recurring guest star for season six of the series, after becoming Ferrara's real-life girlfriend.
They began dating soon before she turned 21, and married on July 11, 2003.
In September 2005, Sigler and DiScala separated, and she resumed using her maiden name.
She said that the trip gave her a greater understanding to preserve her Jewish identity.
Since 2012, Sigler has been dating baseball player Cutter Dykstra, the son of baseball player Lenny Dykstra.
The two became engaged on January 28, 2013, and announced in February 2013 that they were expecting a baby.
Sigler gave birth to their son, Beau Kyle Dykstra, on August 28, 2013. 
 Jamie Anne Allman Jamie Anne Allman, born Jamie Anne Brown in Parsons, Kansas, is an American actress.
After graduating high school, she moved to Orange County, California and lived with her mom.
in Economics in 2005, and where she was a member of Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority.
She was also described by her friends as not having the best taste in men.
In 2011, she provided the voice of Aimi Yoshida in the video game '.
They became engaged in December 2013 and were married on October 31, 2015 in Santa Barbara, California. 
Several of Jamie's summers were spent at Camp Tel Noar in Hampstead, New Hampshire.
She appeared on stage at the Roxy theatre in Los Angeles with Tim Curry and Meat Loaf in 1974, when the show opened.
As an acting coach, Donnelly has worked with such actors as Anthony Azizi and Caitlin Watts.
 Jamie Lee Curtis Jamie Lee Curtis, Lady Haden-Guest is an American actress and author.
She is married to actor, screenwriter, and director Christopher Guest, 5th Baron Haden-Guest.
Curtis was born in Santa Monica, California, to actor Tony Curtis and actress Janet Leigh.
Her paternal grandparents were Hungarian Jewish immigrants and two of her maternal great-grandparents were Danish.
Curtis attended Westlake School in Los Angeles and Beverly Hills High School, and graduated from Choate Rosemary Hall.
Returning to California in 1976, she attended the University of the Pacific in Stockton, California.
She considered majoring in social work, but quit after one semester to pursue an acting career.
She was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress - Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for this film.
Her performance as Hannah Miller received both a Golden Globe and People's Choice Award.
In 1987, Curtis filed a US patent application that subsequently issued as Patent No.
She became sober in 1999 and maintains that recovery is the greatest achievement of her life.
She is a fan of World of Warcraft, and has attended ComicCon and BlizzCon in incognito. 
Luner was born in Palo Alto, California, the daughter of Susan, an actress, and Stuart Luner, a sales representative.
She played the role until the show was cancelled at the end of its fourth season in 2000.
She gave birth to daughter Maddie Aldridge the following year, effectively sending her career into hiatus.
She attended Parklane Academy, where she was a cheerleader and point guard of the basketball team.
Spears portrayed various roles through the two seasons she appeared in as well as herself.
Spears did not return for the series' tenth and final season to pursue other roles on the network.
Spears won a Young Artist Award and a Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards for her performance.
Following Spears' move to Nashville, she began working on a country music album with a number of local music producers.
Spears confirmed her engagement to Aldridge in March 2008 after it was reported she was seen wearing an engagement ring.
Spears and Aldridge reconciled in August 2010, but ended their relationship a second time in November 2010.
In April 2010, Spears moved from Liberty, Mississippi to Nashville, Tennessee to pursue her long desired music career.
After two years of off and on dating, they announced their engagement in March 2013.


Miner and Seldes reprised the roles in a June 1987 television version for the cable network Bravo.
Miner also appeared for six seasons in repertory roles at the American Shakespeare Festival in Stratford, Connecticut.
 Jan Sherwood Jan Sherwood is an American actress mostly known for her work on the stage.
 Jan Sterling Jan Sterling was an American actress of stage, film, and television.
Although her career declined during the 1960s, she continued to play occasional television and theatre roles.
She was schooled by private tutors in London and Paris and was enrolled in Fay Compton's dramatic school in London.
Ruth Gordon reportedly insisted she change her stage name and they agreed upon Jan Sterling.
Sterling's character is the girlfriend of Deputy Roscoe played by veteran western film star Roscoe Ates.
The series was telecast live from a primitive studio lot at the Iverson Ranch in Chatsworth, California.
Her career declined after the death in 1959 of her second husband, the actor Paul Douglas.
Inactive for nearly two decades, she made an appearance at the Cinecon Film Festival in Los Angeles in 2001.
Sterling's later life was marked by illness and injury that included diabetes, a broken hip and a series of strokes.
Her son, Adams Douglas, died of a heart attack in December 2003, at age 48.

She has a younger brother, Jonathan, and was raised in Wheaton, Illinois, and Bellevue, Washington.
She attended the Juilliard School's Drama Division where she graduated with a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in 1989.
In the latter film, she appeared opposite Jodie Foster, Terrence Howard, Mary Steenburgen and Naveen Andrews.
Also while at Sarah Lawrence, she shared an apartment with Hope Cooke who would become Queen Consort of Sikkim.
Alexander moved to Washington, DC and served as chair of the NEA until 1997.
She was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1999.
In 2004, Alexander, together with her husband, Edwin Sherin, joined the theater faculty at Florida State University.
They had one son, Jace Alexander, in 1964; and the couple divorced in 1974.
Badler spent her teen years in Great Neck, New York, moving to Manchester, New Hampshire, when she was in high school.
Badler won the title Miss New Hampshire and competed at the 1973 Miss America Pageant.
Subsequently, she enrolled at Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, to study drama.
After the series ended, Badler moved to Australia permanently and married businessman Stephen Hains.
Badler appeared in nine of the second season's ten episodes, commencing in January 2011.
As part of promotion for the album, she gave an extensive interview about her work to the Boxcutters podcast.
She studied theater at the North School of the Arts, and worked with the improv group, First Amendment, in New York.
In November 2001 she wed photographer Raul Vega; they have a daughter, Rachel, born in 2004. 
Jane Bryan married wealthy businessman and entrepreneur Justin Dart on New Year's Eve, 1939.
Dart took control of the Boston-based United Drug Company in 1943, and rebranded the stores under the Rexall Drug name.
Jane Bryan Dart served on the United States Commission of Fine Arts in Washington, D.C. from 1971 to 1976.
Jane Bryan Dart died at her home on April 8, 2009, aged 90, in Pebble Beach, California, following a lengthy illness.
Her stepson, Justin Whitlock Dart, Jr., a disability-rights activist, died in 2002. 
She is survived by her husband of 65 years and their two daughters, Melissa and Maggie. 
Cowl was born as Jane Bailey in Boston, Massachusetts to Charles Bailey and Grace Avery.
She was known for her interpretation of Shakespearean roles, playing Juliet, Cleopatra and Viola on Broadway.
Then, after nearly 30 years away from films, she returned for several supporting roles in the 1940s.
She married Patrick Francis Lynch on April 2, 1975; they have one daughter, Tess Curtin Lynch.
She has a brother, Larry Curtin, who lives in South Florida; their older brother, John J.
Curtin holds an associate degree from Elizabeth Seton Junior College in New York City, class of 1967.
In 1968, Curtin decided to pursue comedy as a career and dropped out of college.
During these sketches, she timidly tried to get Belushi to come to the point, which would only make him angrier.
Curtin is also well known for her role in the Conehead sketches as Prymaat , and as Enid Loopner .
 Jane Darwell Jane Darwell was an American actress of stage, film, and television.
At one point, she decided to enter a convent but instead changed her mind and became an actress.
Darwell began acting in theater productions in Chicago and made her first film appearance in 1913.
She appeared in almost twenty films over the next two years before returning to the stage.
Pat Buttram and Henry Jones appeared in this episode as Cousin Carl and Jed McCoy, respectively.
Darwell has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, at 6735 Hollywood Boulevard.
Darwell died August 13, 1967, in Hollywood, from a heart attack at the age of eighty-seven. 
She left in 1980 and won a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 1981.
 Jane Fonda Jane Fonda is an American actress, writer, political activist, former fashion model and fitness guru.
In 2014, she was the recipient of the American Film Institute AFI Life Achievement Award.
Divorced from second husband Tom Hayden, she married billionaire media mogul Ted Turner in 1991 and retired from acting.
She was famously and controversially photographed sitting on an anti-aircraft battery on a 1972 visit to Hanoi.
She has also protested the Iraq War and violence against women, and describes herself as a feminist.
According to her father, their surname came from an Italian ancestor who immigrated to the Netherlands in the 1500s.
There, they intermarried and began to use Dutch given names, with Jane's first Fonda ancestor reaching New York in 1650.
She was named for the third wife of Henry VIII, Jane Seymour, to whom she is distantly related on her mother's side.
On April 14, 1950, when Fonda was twelve, her mother committed suicide while under treatment at a psychiatric hospital.
After dropping out of Vassar, she went to Paris for two years to study art.
It was the first time that anyone, except my father — who had to say so — told me I was good.
Her stage work in the late 1950s laid the foundation for her film career in the 1960s.
This comedy Western received five Oscar nominations and was one of the year's top ten films at the box office.
It was considered by many to have been the film that brought Fonda to bankable stardom.
won her critical acclaim, and she earned her first Oscar nomination for the role.
She reduced acting because of her political activism providing a new focus in her life.
Her return to acting in a series of 'issue-driven' films reflected this new focus.
Through her production company, IPC Films, she produced films that helped return her to star status.
The film was a huge critical and box office success, becoming the second highest-grossing release of the year.
Fonda had long wanted to work with her father, hoping it would help their strained relationship.
To compensate, she began participating in aerobics and strengthening exercises under the direction of Leni Cazden.
The video's release led many people to buy the then-new VCR in order to watch and perform the workout at home.
After a fifteen-year hiatus, she released two new fitness videos on DVD in 2010, aiming at an older audience.
In the early 1990s, after three decades in film, Fonda announced her retirement from the film industry.
The role earned her a Tony nomination for Best Performance by a Leading Actress in a Play.
Filming on the first season was completed in November 2014, and the show premiered online on May 8, 2015.
On the same day, she joined a protest march on the home of university president, Ferrel Heady.
On November 3, 1970, Fonda started a tour of college campuses on which she raised funds for the organization.
Fonda visited Hanoi in July 1972 to witness firsthand the bombing damage to the dikes.
In a 2011 entry at her official website, Fonda explained: It happened on my last day in Hanoi.
It was a song about the day 'Uncle Ho' declared their country's independence in Hanoi's Ba Dinh Square.
I knew I was slaughtering it, but everyone seemed delighted that I was making the attempt.
It is possible that it was a set up, that the Vietnamese had it all planned.
If I was used, I allowed it to happen ... a two-minute lapse of sanity that will haunt me forever ...
But the photo exists, delivering its message regardless of what I was doing or feeling.
Under the UKUSA Agreement, the GCHQ sent the intercepted data on Americans to the U.S. government.
Fonda went to Seattle, Washington, in 1970 to support a group of Native Americans who were led by Bernie Whitebear.
The endeavor succeeded and the Daybreak Star Cultural Center was constructed in the city's Discovery Park.
In December 2002, Fonda visited Israel and the West Bank as part of a tour focusing on stopping violence against women.
She was heckled by three members of Women in Green as she arrived for a meeting with leading Israeli feminists.
That's the way to show Israel's commitment to peace, not a PR campaign.
She later canceled the tour, because of concerns that she would distract attention from Cindy Sheehan's activism.
Fonda married her first husband, French film director Roger Vadim, on August 14, 1965, at the Dunes Hotel in Las Vegas.
Having been diagnosed with breast cancer, Fonda underwent a lumpectomy in November 2010, and has recovered.
In 2007, Fonda was awarded an Honorary Palme d'Or by Cannes Film Festival President Gilles Jacob for career achievement.
Only three others had received such an award – Jeanne Moreau, Alain Resnais, and Gerard Oury.
In December 2009, Fonda received the New York Women's Agenda Lifetime Achievement Award.
 Jane Frazee Mary Jane Frehse , known as Jane Frazee, was an American actress, singer, and dancer.
At the age of 6, Jane and her older sister Ruth formed a singing vaudeville act known as The Frazee Sisters.

In 1940, at age 15, Greer suffered from a facial palsy, which paralyzed the left side of her face.
She claimed that the facial exercises used to overcome the paralysis taught her how to convey human emotion.
On December 4, 1945, Greer had her name legally changed to Jane Greer by a court in Los Angeles.
It's too bo-peepish, ingenueish, for the type of role I've been playing.
Greer was honored with a star at 1634 Vine Street in the Motion Pictures section of the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Frank London was Greer's domestic partner from 1965 until his death in 2001; he predeceased her by six months.

She was born Clarita Jane Isbell in Meridian, Mississippi, the daughter of Theodore Clark Isbell and Elizabeth Isbell.
The elder of two sisters, she began modeling and appearing as an extra in films when only four years old.
She married 11-29-1947 Lt. Jack Marvin Althouse, an investment banker and former Navy lieutenant .
Of Polish ancestry, she grew up in Greendale, where she was raised a Roman Catholic.
They lived in Los Angeles with their three children: Frances Genevieve , George Edward and Mary Louisa .
Both were very active with charity, and were seen attending many major award shows together.
In June 2009, the couple filed for divorce after almost 17 years of marriage.
In 2010, they sold their villa, a former mansion, in San Marino, California.
She attended the Professional Children's School in New York City and Rutgers University, New Brunswick.
She was nominated for two consecutive Daytime Emmy Awards for the role in 1986 and 1987.
Krakowski received the 2006 Olivier Award for Best Actress in a Musical for her performance.
On April 13, 2011, their son, Bennett Robert Godley, was born in New York City.
The same year, she married Tony Smith, an architect who later achieved fame as a minimalist sculptor.
The Smiths became the parents of three daughters, Kiki Smith, Seton Smith and Beatrice Smith Robinson .
Two of her daughters, Kiki Smith and Seton Smith, are artists, adding to her prominence in the art world.
Levy was born in Los Angeles, the daughter of Mary , an artist, and Lester Levy, a musician.
She attended Goucher College for a semester before transferring to the Stella Adler Studio of Acting in New York.
Since being in the show she has been compared to Emma Stone, due in part to her red hair.
Her father was of Irish descent and her mother was of Irish and Swedish ancestry.
Lynch played Christy Cummings, a butch lesbian personal dog handler to trophy wife Sheri Ann Cabot .
She won glowing reviews for her role as the aggressive cheerleading coach, Sue Sylvester.
She starred in Comcast's XFinity ads, mainly with two different laptops and two different colored Persian cats.
She also stars in LG Corp.'s Text Ed campaign to educate drivers about the dangers of texting while driving.
Lynch's first experience hosting an awards show was in 2010 when she hosted the 2010 VH1 DoSomething Awards.
It was announced that she will be hosting the 2011 VH1 DoSomething Awards, airing on VH1 on August 18.
The memoir also includes detail about her years as an alcoholic and her success in battling this addiction.
In 2014 Lynch joined the Ban Bossy campaign as a spokesperson advocating leadership roles for girls.
In June 2013, Lynch announced that she and Embry were divorcing after three years of marriage.
She was the sister of actress Eva Novak, and niece of actress Anne Schaefer.
Jane Novak was born Johana B. Novak in St. Louis, Missouri to Bohemian immigrant Joseph Novak and wife Barbara.
Her father died when she was a child and her mother was left to raise 5 children.
Novak's career extended into the sound film medium, appeared in a total of 115 movies in her career.
She appeared in a movie on her very first day in southern California, before there was a film studio in Hollywood.
Newburg took her to a studio in Santa Monica, California, where her aunt, Anne Schafer, was a popular star.
As a result, Novak, refused to work in films with other leading ladies.
She played opposite Wallace Beery, Tom Mix, Hobart Bosworth, Alan Hale, Thomas Moore, and Lewis Stone.
At one time she was engaged to marry Western star William S. Hart, although their marriage never took place.
By March 1922 she had her own company and was under contract for five outdoor movies, with a salary was $1,500 per week.
Novak's voice was good but she made only a handful of pictures following the advent of sound.
The volume is a collection of 300 recipes compiled by Novak over the years, all of them her own.
Powell rose to fame as a singer in her home state of Oregon, and signed to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer while still in her teens.
In the late 1950s, her film career slowed, only to be replaced with a busy theater and television career.
He convinced the family to move to Oakland for Powell to take dance lessons, in hopes of her being discovered.
Paul Burce had quit his job of 14 years to move to Oakland, and was unable to get it back when they returned.
The family moved into an apartment building owned by friends, and Paul soon became the manager after the friends left.
While there, and while helping her father take the garbage out, Powell would sing.
Tenants insisted that Powell should take lessons, and after saving their money, began singing lessons for her.
Years later, when they met again at MGM, Turner did not remember her.
According to Powell, even after meeting her many times, Turner never remembered who she was.
During her time as the Oregon Victory Girl, Powell had two weekly radio shows.
In summer 1943, Paul and Eileen Burce took their daughter on vacation to Hollywood.
The show was a talent competition, and among the other contestants were Kathie Lee Gifford's mother, Joan Epstein.
Powell won the competition, and soon auditioned with Louis B. Mayer at MGM, as well as David O. Selznick.
Without even taking a screen test, Powell was then signed to a seven-year contract with MGM.
When not making films, Powell traveled to theaters around the country doing a vaudeville act, which she hated.
Powell was a regular guest on a TV variety shows in Australia when she visited there to perform her nightclub act.
Powell lives in Manhattan and , in Wilton, Connecticut, with her fifth husband, former child actor Dick Moore.
She is a member of the Board of Trustees for the Actors' Fund of America.
She performed again with Pink Martini at the Hollywood Bowl on September 10, 2010.
Powell has been married five times, and has three children from her first two marriages.
They married on November 5, 1949, and divorced on August 6, 1953.
Nerney had previously been married to actress Mona Freeman, with whom he had a daughter, also named Mona.
Powell's fifth marriage, to former child star Dickie Moore, was her longest.
She was born in Youngstown, Ohio and died in Gstaad, Switzerland, from complications of a broken hip.
After growing up in Kokomo, Indiana, she moved to Hollywood in 1939 in an attempt to start a movie career.
She was eventually picked up by Warner Bros. and appeared in bit movie roles in 1941.
In 1949, she married Jaime del Amo and retired to Spain and became a socialite.
In later years she returned to Los Angeles periodically, but maintained a home in Gstaad. 
Russell married three times, adopted three children, and in 1955 founded the World Adoption International Fund.
Her father had been a First Lieutenant in the U.S. Army, and her mother an actress with a road troupe.
Later the family moved to Southern California and her father worked as an office manager.
In addition to music, she was interested in drama and participated in stage productions at Van Nuys High School.
The movie was completed in 1941, but it was not released until 1943 in a limited release.
There were problems with the censorship of the production code over the way that her ample cleavage was displayed.
Her right hand was behind her head of black hair and her left hand held a revolver.
I've seen plenty of pin-up pictures that have sex appeal, interest, and allure, but they're not vulgar.
Later, another Hollywood bombshell, Rhonda Fleming, joined them for more gospel recordings.
In October 1957, she debuted in a successful solo nightclub act at the Sands Hotel in Las Vegas.
She also fulfilled later engagements in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, South America and Europe.
She made only four more movies after that, playing character parts in the final two.
She was then married to actor Roger Barrett from August 25, 1968 until he died of a heart attack November 18, 1968.
In 1995, she starred with Charlton Heston, Mickey Rooney and Deborah Winters in '.
She died at her home in Santa Maria of a respiratory-related illness on February 28, 2011.
She is survived by three children: Thomas Waterfield, Tracy Foundas and Robert Waterfield.
Her funeral was held on March 12, 2011 at Pacific Christian Church, Santa Maria. 

 Jane Winton Jane Winton was a film actress, dancer, opera soprano, writer, and painter.
During the 1920s she began her stage career as a dancer with the Ziegfeld Follies.
The movie was billed as the first film made in Vitaphone, a new invention which synchronized sound with motion pictures.
After leaving Hollywood, Winton performed various operatic roles both in the United States and abroad.
Her last husband was Michael T. Gottlieb, a stockbroker, tournament contract bridge player, and Arizona property owner.
Withers was born in Atlanta, Georgia to Ruth and Walter Withers who taught Bible class at the local Presbyterian church.
Her character Joy Smythe was spoiled and obnoxious, a perfect foil to Temple's sweet personality.
She was usually cast as a wholesome, meddlesome young girl in films less sugary than Temple's vehicles.
Moviegoers flocked to see her films, and Withers became one of the top 10 box-office stars in 1937 and 1938.
The stories were probably written for a young teenage audience and are reminiscent of the adventures of Nancy Drew.
Withers kept working in the 1940s; she made sixteen films for Fox, Columbia, and Republic Pictures.
In the DVD special features she tells the story that Dean had a favorite pink cowboy shirt he wore all the time.
He never let it go the laundry for fear it would be lost like the other shirts he had.
During this time, she continued to do voice-over work and occasional guest-starring appearances on television.
On June 14, 1968, her husband of fourteen years, Kenneth Errair, was killed in a plane crash in California.
Of Pennsylvania Dutch stock, Wolfe was born in the tiny Pennsylvania borough of St. Petersburg in Clarion County.
Wolfe used the Ouija board and credited some of her greatest spiritual communications to the use of this implement.
Jane Wolfe died in the Southern California city of Glendale eight days after her 83rd birthday. 
Jane Waddington Wyatt was born on August 12, 1910, in Mahwah, New Jersey, but raised in Manhattan.
One of her ancestors, Rufus King, was a signatory to the United States Constitution, a U.S.
Senator and ambassador, and the Federalist candidate in the 1816 United States presidential election.
While in New York City, Wyatt attended the Chapin School and later attended two years of Barnard College.
This role won Wyatt three Emmy Awards in 1958-1960 for best actress in a comedy series.
The couple met in the late 1920s when both were weekend houseguests of Franklin D. Roosevelt at Hyde Park, New York.
Jane Wyatt died on October 20, 2006, at her home in Bel-Air, California, aged 96.
Wyatt is survived by her sons, Christopher and Michael Ward , three grandchildren, and five great grandchildren. 
She began her film career in 1932 and her work in television lasted into 1993.
She was the first wife of Ronald Reagan; they married in 1940 and divorced in 1949.
She may have moved her birthday back by one day to January 4 so as to share the same birthday as her daughter, Maureen .
In October 1921, her mother filed for divorce, and her father died unexpectedly the following year at age 37.
She took their surname unofficially, including in her school records and, apparently, her first marriage certificate.
In 1930, the two moved back to Missouri, where Sarah Jane attended Lafayette High School in Saint Joseph.
She was the first person in the sound era to win an acting Oscar without speaking a line of dialogue.
The on- and off-screen chemistry between Wyman and Lamas helped fuel the series' success.
In 1988, she missed another episode due to ill health and was told by her doctors to avoid work.
Months later in 1989, Wyman collapsed on the set and was hospitalized due to problems with diabetes and a liver ailment.
Wyman married Myron Martin Futterman , a dress manufacturer, in New Orleans on June 29, 1937.
They remarried on March 11, 1961, and Karger divorced her again on March 9, 1965.
Wyman had a stepdaughter, Terry, from Karger's first marriage to Patti Sacks.
She was a member of the Good Shepherd Parish and the Catholic Motion Picture Guild in Beverly Hills, California.
Wyman died at the age of 90 at her Rancho Mirage home on September 10, 2007.
A member of the Dominican Order of the Roman Catholic Church, she was buried in a nun's habit.
She was interred at Forest Lawn Mortuary and Memorial Park in Cathedral City, California.
For several years, film exhibitors voted Wyman as among the most popular stars in the country: Awards and nominations.
Moloney was originally credited only as a guest star, but she appeared in every episode of the first season.
 Janel Parrish Janel Meilani Parrish is an American actress, dancer, singer and songwriter.
It is her first role in a theatrical motion picture as well as her first starring role.
However, Mona is secretly jealous of Hanna's friendship with the other Liars which leads her to do drastic things.
While studying acting, Parrish continued training vocal and learned to play the piano as well as dancing.
The judges were Naomi Judd, Ben Stein, Carol Leifer, and Jack Osbourne.
On October 16, 2014, after a year and half of dating, Parrish and Payson Lewis announced their split. 
She married actor George Dolenz and was the mother of Micky Dolenz of the 1960s pop group the Monkees.
She and Dolenz had four children, Micky, the eldest, born in 1945, and three daughters.
Banzet committed suicide on July 29, 1971 in New York City, New York.
She is buried in Oakdale Memorial Park in Glendora, California in Los Angeles County. 
 Janet Beecher Janet Beecher , born Janet Meysenburg, was an American stage and screen actress.
She was married twice: first to Harry R. Guggenheimer and then to Richard H. Hoffman.
 Janet Blair Janet Blair was a big band singer who went on to become a popular American film and television actress.
Her father led the choir and sang solos in his church, and her mother played both piano and organ.
Blair began her acting career on film in 1941, being placed under contract to Columbia Pictures.
During World War II she appeared as the pin-up girl in the March 1944 issue of Yank Magazine.
The two had met four years earlier when Blair sang for Hal Kemp's band and Busch was Kemp's pianist and arranger.
She married television producer Nick Mayo in 1952 with whom she had two children: Andrew and Amanda.
Burston stayed as a background character for two years before replacing Darla Hood as leading lady in 1941.
She appeared in a few outside films as well, leaving show business in the late 1940s, eventually becoming a housewife.
Carroll was born Janet Thiese in Chicago, the daughter of Hilda Catherine and George Nicholas Thiese.
She then became a regular at Starlight Theatre in Kansas City, Missouri, where she acted during five seasons.
Vocally, she began classical training at age 12 with Dr. Greta Allum in Chicago.
Over the years she continued building and expanding her voice and repertoire in formal study with Douglas Susu-Mago.
At the Redding Jazz Festival, she was honored with an award for Best Vocalist.
She also served as the Artistic Director of The Jazz Series at Simi Valley's Cultural Arts Center.
She was diagnosed with brain cancer later that year and took a leave of absence.
 Janet Gaynor Janet Gaynor was an American film, stage and television actress and painter.
This was the only occasion on which an actress has won one Oscar for multiple film roles.
After retiring from acting in 1939, Gaynor married film costume designer Adrian with whom she had a son.
She briefly returned to acting in films and television in the 1950s and later became an accomplished oil painter.
When Gaynor was a toddler, her father began teaching her how to sing, dance, and perform acrobatics.
After her parents divorced in 1914, Gaynor, her sister, and her mother moved to Chicago.
She supported herself by working in a shoe store and later as a theatre usher.
Gaynor won her first professional acting job on December 26, 1924, as an extra in a Hal Roach comedy short.
This led to more extra work in feature films and shorts for Film Booking Offices of America and Universal.
Later that year, Gaynor was selected as one of the WAMPAS Baby Stars , Career.
This practice was prohibited three years later by a new Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences rule.
Gaynor was one of only a handful of established lead actresses who made a successful transition to sound films.
The studio quickly issued a statement denying that Gaynor was holding out for more money.
She quietly signed a new contract, the terms of which were never made public.
That film was a modest hit, but by then Gaynor had definitely decided to retire.
And I knew that in order to have these things one had to make time for them.
In August 1939, Gaynor married Hollywood costume designer Adrian with whom she had a son in 1940.
She received good reviews for her performance, but the play was panned by critics and closed after 21 performances.
It was the first television appearance Gaynor had made since the 1950s and was her last screen role.
Her first marriage was to lawyer Jesse Lydell Peck, whom she married on September 11, 1929.
On August 14, 1939, she married MGM costume designer Adrian in Yuma, Arizona.
They remained married until Adrian's death from a stroke on September 13, 1959.
The two maintained a home in Desert Hot Springs, California and also owned 3,000 acres of land near Brasília.
Gaynor and her husband traveled frequently with her close friend Mary Martin and her husband.
On September 14, 1984, Gaynor died at Desert Hospital in Palm Springs at the age of 77.
In 1979, Gaynor was awarded the Order of the Southern Cross for her cultural contributions to Brazil. 
 Janet Gunn Janet Gunn is an American actress who was born on November 2, 1961, in Fort Worth, Texas.
Boswell High School in Saginaw, Texas where she was active in school dramas and plays.
Jones was born Janet Marie Jones in Bridgeton, Missouri, the daughter of a business executive.
One of the motivations behind the deal was rumoured to be furthering Jones's career.
She and Gretzky have five children: Paulina, Ty Robert , Trevor Douglas , Tristan Wayne , and Emma Marie .
Ty played hockey at Shattuck-Saint Mary's, but quit the sport, and currently attends Arizona State University.
The NHL prohibits personnel from betting on its own games, but does not have a policy against other sports betting.

 Janet Leigh Jeanette Helen Morrison , known professionally as Janet Leigh, was an American actress and author.
Leigh died in 2004 at the age of 77, following a year-long battle with vasculitis, an inflammation of the blood vessels.
She was survived by her fourth husband of 42 years, Robert Brandt, and her two daughters.
Her maternal grandparents were immigrants from Denmark, and she also had Scotch-Irish and German ancestry.
The fact that the star died early in the movie violated narrative conventions of the time.
At the age of 15 Leigh married 18-year-old John Kenneth Carlisle in Reno, Nevada, on August 1, 1942.
Her second marriage was to Stanley Reames, whom she wed on October 5, 1945.
They had two children, Kelly and Jamie Lee, who both subsequently became actresses.
Leigh was a Democrat and appeared alongside Tony Curtis at the 1960 Democratic National Convention.
Leigh died at her home on October 3, 2004, at the age of 77 after suffering a heart attack.
She suffered from vasculitis and peripheral neuropathy, which caused her right hand to become gangrenous.
170 and Julia Ward Junior High School, MacLachlan graduated from Julia Richmond High School in 1950.
She then worked as an executive secretary in New York City before turning to acting.
She would later serve as grant committee chairman for the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
Margolin died of ovarian cancer at the age of 50 on December 17, 1993, in Los Angeles, California.
She was cremated and her ashes were placed in an urn garden at Westwood Memorial Park in Los Angeles.
Margolin is sometimes identified as the sister of actor Stuart Margolin and his brother, director Arnold Margolin.
She later pursued a career in interior design before eventually finding her way back into acting.
Varney was raised Mormon, but left the church at 17 and now identifies as an agnostic.
 Janet Waldo Janet Marie Waldo , is an American radio, television, animation and live-action film actress.
The same year, Waldo married playwright Robert Edwin Lee, the writing partner of Jerome Lawrence.
According to Iwao Takamoto by the time of the film's release, Tiffany's fame had waned.
Ultimately, Waldo did patch things up with Hanna-Barbera and continued acting on their television series.
Knickrehm was married to her husband, Gus for many years before his death on January 21, 1990.
Rule married and divorced on three occasions, her former husbands being N. Richard Nash, Robert Thom, and Ben Gazzara.
 Janice Whitby Janice Whitby, born 31st October 1950, is a singer, dancer and film and television actress.
Whitby was born in London, Ontario and grew up in Long Island and New York City where she studied ballet.
She played the android assailant, Katy, Doctor Franklin's fembot assistant and operative.
Her father, Pete Gavankar, was an Indian engineer who first traveled to the United States to pursue a master's degree.
Her mother, Shan-de-Mohra, emigrated to the US from India, and is half-Indian and half-Dutch.
Gavankar's former all female singing group, Endera, was signed to Cash Money Records Universal Records.
She has had songs licensed to movies and television, and has sung and played marimba on film scores.
Gavankar was the first actor to use Twitter, signing up on Richard Branson's computer on Necker Island in 2006.
In 1978, the fifteen-year-old Turner left home to pursue a modeling career with the Wilhelmina Modeling Agency.
And I decided that I didn't want to lock myself into roles that portrayed women negatively.
In 2006, she was appointed a member of the President's Council on Service and Civic Participation.
She was once engaged to Alec Baldwin and also dated Troy Aikman, Mikhail Baryshnikov and Sylvester Stallone.
She currently lives on a longhorn cattle ranch outside Dallas with her daughter, who is also an actress.
 Janis Carter Janis Carter was a film and television actress working in the 1940s and 1950s.
After attending Mather College in Cleveland, Ohio, Carter headed to New York in an attempt to start an opera career.
After moving to Hollywood, she appeared in over 30 films beginning in 1941 for 20th Century Fox, MGM, Columbia, and RKO.
She was married to Carl Prager from 1942 to 1951, but the couple divorced.
In 1956, she quit show business after marrying Julius Stulman, a New York lumber and shipping tycoon, that year.
She died from a heart attack, on July 30, 1994, aged 80, in Durham, North Carolina. 
Born Donna Mae Tjaden in Tacoma, Washington, she began singing in public at age five in local amateur shows.
She began co-starring in low budget musicals, often paired with Dennis Morgan or Jack Carson.
Paige later co-starred in adventures and dramas, in which she felt out of place.
The first written mention of Japan is in Chinese history texts from the 1st century AD.
Japan is a member of the UN, the G7, the G8, and the G20.
Japan ranked first in the Country Brand Index and is the highest-ranked Asian country in the Global Peace Index.
A Paleolithic culture around 30,000 BC constitutes the first known habitation of the Japanese archipelago.
Decorated clay vessels from this period are some of the oldest surviving examples of pottery in the world.
Around 300 BC, the Yayoi people began to enter the Japanese islands, intermingling with the Jōmon.
The smallpox epidemic of 735–737 is believed to have killed as much as one-third of Japan's population.
In 784, Emperor Kammu moved the capital from Nara to Nagaoka-kyō before relocating it to Heian-kyō in 794.
Buddhism began to spread during the Heian era chiefly through two major sects, Tendai by Saichō, and Shingon by Kūkai.
Japan's feudal era was characterized by the emergence and dominance of a ruling class of warriors, the samurai.
After his death, the Hōjō clan came to power as regents for the shoguns.
The Zen school of Buddhism was introduced from China in the Kamakura period and became popular among the samurai class.
The Kamakura shogunate repelled Mongol invasions in 1274 and 1281, but was eventually overthrown by Emperor Go-Daigo.
This allowed Oda Nobunaga to obtain European technology and firearms, which he used to conquer many other daimyo.
Tokugawa Ieyasu served as regent for Hideyoshi's son and used his position to gain political and military support.
When open war broke out, he defeated rival clans in the Battle of Sekigahara in 1600.
Subsequent similar treaties with Western countries in the Bakumatsu period brought economic and political crises.
World War I enabled Japan, on the side of the victorious Allies, to widen its influence and territorial holdings.
The Empire of Japan invaded other parts of China in 1937, precipitating the Second Sino-Japanese War .
In 1940, the Empire then invaded French Indochina, after which the United States placed an oil embargo on Japan.
Japan later achieved rapid growth to become the second-largest economy in the world, until surpassed by China in 2010.
In the beginning of the 21st century, positive growth has signaled a gradual economic recovery.
There is universal suffrage for adults over 20 years of age, with a secret ballot for all elected offices.
The Diet is dominated by the social liberal Democratic Party of Japan and the conservative Liberal Democratic Party .
It holds 294 seats in the lower house and 83 seats in the upper house.
The Prime Minister is the head of the Cabinet, and he appoints and dismisses the Ministers of State.
Statutory law originates in Japan's legislature and has the rubber stamp of the Emperor.
Japan's court system is divided into four basic tiers: the Supreme Court and three levels of lower courts.
Japan signed a security pact with Australia in March 2007 and with India in October 2008.
Accordingly, Japan's Self-Defence force is a usual military that has never fired shots outside Japan.
He said Japan wanted to play a key role and offered neighboring countries Japan's support.
Japan has a total of 6,852 islands extending along the Pacific coast of East Asia.
The main islands, from north to south, are Hokkaido, Honshu, Shikoku and Kyushu.
The Ryukyu Islands, which includes Okinawa, are a chain to the south of Kyushu.
About 73 percent of Japan is forested, mountainous, and unsuitable for agricultural, industrial, or residential use.
As a result, the habitable zones, mainly located in coastal areas, have extremely high population densities.
The islands of Japan are located in a volcanic zone on the Pacific Ring of Fire.
The subducting plates pulled Japan eastward, opening the Sea of Japan around 15 million years ago.
The climate of Japan is predominantly temperate, but varies greatly from north to south.
The northernmost zone, Hokkaido, has a humid continental climate with long, cold winters and very warm to cool summers.
Precipitation is not heavy, but the islands usually develop deep snowbanks in the winter.
In the Sea of Japan zone on Honshu's west coast, northwest winter winds bring heavy snowfall.
In most of Honshu, the rainy season begins before the middle of June and lasts about six weeks.
Four sites have been inscribed on the UNESCO World Heritage List for their outstanding natural value.
Responding to rising concern about the problem, the government introduced several environmental protection laws in 1970.
The oil crisis in 1973 also encouraged the efficient use of energy because of Japan's lack of natural resources.
As of June 2015, more than 40 coal-fired power plants are planned or under construction in Japan.
During the Meiji period from 1868, Japan expanded economically with the embrace of the market economy.
Many of today's enterprises were founded at the time, and Japan emerged as the most developed nation in Asia.
Efforts to revive economic growth were unsuccessful and further hampered by the global slowdown in 2000.
Some 20 million people, around 17 per cent of the population, were below the poverty line in 2007.
Its main exports are transportation equipment, motor vehicles, iron and steel products, semiconductors and auto parts.
By market share measures, domestic markets are the least open of any OECD country.
Junichiro Koizumi's administration began some pro-competition reforms, and foreign investment in Japan has soared.
, Japan was home to 326 companies from the Forbes Global 2000 or 16.3 percent.
Japan is a leading nation in scientific research, particularly technology, machinery and biomedical research.
Nearly 700,000 researchers share a US$130 billion research and development budget, the third largest in the world.
It entered a lunar orbit on October 4, flying at an altitude of about .
The probe's mission was ended when it was deliberately crashed by JAXA into the Moon on June 11, 2009.
Nuclear power produced 9.2 percent of Japan's electricity, as of 2011, down from 24.9 percent the previous year.
New and used cars are inexpensive; car ownership fees and fuel levies are used to promote energy efficiency.
However, at just 50 percent of all distance traveled, car usage is the lowest of all G8 countries.
Proposals for a new Maglev route between Tokyo and Osaka are at an advanced stage.
There are 175 airports in Japan; the largest domestic airport, Haneda Airport, is Asia's second-busiest airport.
Nagoya Port is the country's largest and busiest port, accounting for 10 percent of Japan's trade value.
Japan's population is estimated at around 127.1 million, with 80% of the population living on Honshū.
There are persons of mixed ancestry incorporated among the Yamato, such as those from Ogasawara Archipelago.
In 2011, Japan's population dropped for a fifth year, falling by 204,000 people to 126.24 million people.
This was the greatest decline since at least 1947, when comparable figures were first compiled.
According to the UNHCR, in 2012 Japan accepted just 18 refugees for resettlement, while the US took in 76,000.
However, these estimates are based on people affiliated with a temple, rather than the number of true believers.
Other studies have suggested that only 30 percent of the population identify themselves as belonging to a religion.
Japanese writing uses kanji and two sets of kana , as well as the Latin alphabet and Arabic numerals.
Primary schools, secondary schools and universities were introduced in 1872 as a result of the Meiji Restoration.
Since 1947, compulsory education in Japan comprises elementary and middle school, which together last for nine years .
Nineteen sites have been inscribed on the UNESCO World Heritage List, fifteen of which are of cultural significance.
Many instruments, such as the koto, were introduced in the 9th and 10th centuries.
Western classical music, introduced in the late 19th century, now forms an integral part of Japanese culture.
During the Edo period, the chōnin overtook the samurai aristocracy as producers and consumers of literature.
The Meiji era saw the decline of traditional literary forms as Japanese literature integrated Western influences.
In the early modern era ingredients such as red meats that had previously not been widely used in Japan were introduced.
Japanese cuisine is known for its emphasis on seasonality of food, quality of ingredients and presentation.
Japanese cuisine offers a vast array of regional specialties that use traditional recipes and local ingredients.
The Michelin Guide has awarded restaurants in Japan more Michelin stars than the rest of the world combined.
Japanese martial arts such as judo, karate and kendo are also widely practiced and enjoyed by spectators in the country.
Japan has hosted the Winter Olympics twice: Sapporo in 1972 and Nagano in 1998.
Tokyo will host the 2020 Summer Olympics, making Tokyo the first Asian city to host the Olympics twice.
Japan's top professional league, now known as Nippon Professional Baseball, was established in 1936.
Japan was a venue of the Intercontinental Cup from 1981 to 2004 and co-hosted the 2002 FIFA World Cup with South Korea.
Japan has one of the most successful football teams in Asia, winning the Asian Cup four times.
Golf is also popular in Japan, as are forms of auto racing like the Super GT series and Formula Nippon.


At age 15, she was offered a job working on the local radio station reading the obituaries.
After graduating from Grundy High School, she earned an associate's degree from Southwest Virginia Community College.
She was part of the main cast for the first three seasons, then was made a guest in seasons four, five, and six.

She then went on to attend Duke University on scholarship, earning a bachelor's degree in 1982.
She has appeared in recent advertisements for Excedrin brand headache medicine and DirecTV satellite television service.

 Jayne Mansfield Jayne Mansfield was an American actress in film, theatre, and television.
She was also known for her well-publicized personal life and publicity stunts, such as wardrobe malfunctions.
Mansfield became a major Broadway star in 1955, a major Hollywood star in 1956, and a leading celebrity in 1957.
, she became the first major American actress to have a nude starring role in a Hollywood motion picture.
She was the mother of three children from her second marriage to actor actress Connie Francis.
She was also unable to fulfill a third of her time contracted to Fox because of her repeated pregnancies.
She received first billing above the title, but only appeared in a supporting role.
This Olympic Games-based film was shot in Greece in fall 1960, but was unreleased until June 1962.
It was a box office failure, and Mansfield's 20th Century-Fox contract was dropped.
Starring Ray Danton as Raft, the film showcased Mansfield as a glamorous film star in a small part.
As a result of the film's success, Mansfield landed on the Top 10 list of box-office attractions for that year.
She turned the role down due to her pregnancy with daughter Mariska Hargitay , and was replaced by Kim Novak.
It was briefly released in 1966, but did not enjoy a full release until 1968, almost a year after her death.
Mansfield is listed as one of the technical advisers, along with other popular stars in the opening credits.
She was a student of acting, theater arts and dramatics in college and with Baruch Lumet.
During her tenure at Dallas, she and Paul Mansfield participated in a number of local theater productions.
She starred as Rita Marlowe in the musical spoofing Hollywood in general and Marilyn Monroe in particular.
She received $35,000 a week as her salary , which was the highest in her career.
It was a modified version of the Tropicana show, and ran for six weeks with fair success.
In her first appearance on British television in 1957 she recited from Shakespeare and played piano and violin.
The TV series won an Emmy Award in outstanding non-fiction TV series category in 2001.
Ed Chalpin, the record producer, claimed that Mansfield played all the instruments on the singles.
According to Hendrix historian Steven Roby , this collaboration occurred because they shared the same manager.
At her death, Mansfield was accompanied by Sam Brody, her married divorce lawyer and lover at the time.
Jayne met Paul Mansfield, a popular student at Highland Park High School, Dallas, at a party on Christmas Eve of 1949.
At the time of their marriage, Jayne was 17, and three months pregnant.
While most major biographies put the date at May 6, some sources say the marriage was on May 10, 1950.
On November 8, 1950, Mansfield gave birth to their daughter, Jayne Marie Mansfield.
When it did not, he agreed to move to Los Angeles in late 1954 to help further her career.
Early in 1952, Paul was called to the United States Army Reserve for the Korean War.
While he served in the army, she spent a year at Camp Gordon, Georgia.
While in California, she left Jayne Marie with her maternal grandparents and spent the summer semester at UCLA.
After a series of marital rows around Jayne's ambitions, infidelity, and animals, they decided to annul the marriage.
Paul Mansfield divorced her in Texas on March 16, 1957, on the grounds of mental cruelty.
Hargitay was an actor and bodybuilder who had won the Mr. Universe competition in 1955.
Mansfield wore a sensational pink skintight wedding gown made of sequins with a 30-yard flounce.
They were also popular for their personal appearances in television shows such as Bob Hope Christmas Specials.
The book also contained 32 pages of black-and-white photographs from the film on glossy paper.
Mansfield's attorney Sam Brody sued the theme park on her behalf for $1,600,000 .
Since being an unwed mother would have killed her career, Mansfield and Hargitay announced they were still married.
Mariska was born January 23, 1964, after the actual divorce but before California ruled it valid.
After her birth, Mansfield sued to get the Juarez divorce declared legal and won.
In January 1969, he lost his claim of $275,533 from Mansfield's estate to support the three children .
She married him on September 24, 1964, in Mulegé, Baja California Sur, Mexico.
The couple separated on July 11, 1965, and filed for divorce on July 20, 1966.
Mansfield at the time had descended into alcoholism, drunken brawls and cheap burlesque shows.
M. Thomas Inge describes Mansfield, Monroe and Jane Russell as personification of the bad girl in popular culture.
Throughout her career, Mansfield was compared by the media to the reigning sex symbol of the period, Marilyn Monroe.
Mansfield's breasts fluctuated in size, it was said, from her pregnancies and nursing her five children.
But, as the 1960s approached, according to Dave Kehr, the anatomy that had made her a star turned her into a joke.
For publicity she gave up all privacy, keeping her doors always open to photographers.
From that time till the end of 1961, Byron shaped much of her publicity.
Things started to get over the top, even by her standards, when she took charge of her own publicity without advice.
Mary was Mickey's first wife, divorced on September 6, 1956, and Tina his nine-year-old first child.
Mansfield purposely wore a too-small red bikini, lent to her by photographer friend Peter Gowland.
When she dove into the pool for photographers, her top came off, creating a burst of media attention.
In February 1958, she was stripped to the waist at a Mardi Gras party in Rio de Janeiro.
In June 1962, she shimmied out of her polka-dot dress in a Rome nightclub.
At the same time, the world's media were quick to condemn Mansfield's stunts.
Richard Blackwell, her wardrobe designer , dropped her from his client list because of those accidents.
Mansfield adopted pink as her color in 1954 and was associated with pink for the rest of her career.
Her original choice was purple, but she thought it too close to lavender, Kim Novak's signature color.
In November 1957 , Mansfield bought the 40-room Mediterranean-style mansion at 10100 Sunset Boulevard in Beverly Hills.
Much of the money to buy the house came from her inheritance from Elmer Palmer, her maternal grandfather.
Though Elvis Presley's Pink Cadillac came about in 1955, it was in Memphis, Tennessee.
She wanted to marry Cimber in a Catholic ceremony, but was unable to find a priest who would perform the ceremony.
That meeting remained a much-publicized and oft-quoted event of her life, as well as the history of the Church of Satan.
Mansfield was in Biloxi, Mississippi for an engagement at the Gus Stevens Supper Club.
The children, who were asleep in the rear seat, survived with minor injuries.
However, this was a wig Mansfield was wearing and possibly parts of her actual hair and scalp.
The funeral was private, a service held at the chapel of the Pullis Funeral Home.
She is interred in Fairview Cemetery, southeast of Pen Argyl, beside her father Herbert William Palmer.
In 2002 Humperdinck sold it to developers, and the house was demolished in November of that year.
By the mid-1950s, there were many Jayne Mansfield fanclubs in United States and outside.
In July 1976, she became the first daughter of a Playmate to be a featured model.
To date, only one other daughter of a Playmate has been featured in the magazine.
In 1970, she married Barry Lang in Las Vegas, Nevada and the couple had one son but were later divorced.
As of 2008, Mansfield is in a long-term relationship and frequently visits her grandchildren.
In March 1979, she declared her plan to write a biography of her mother.
Mansfield is the first of Playboy nude models whose mothers were featured nude as well.
Francis James Meadows Cotter and his wife, the former Ida Miller Taylor, who had married in 1915.
She died on April 26, 2015 of natural causes at her home in Encino, California, aged 95. 
In 1998 she quit her job with the postal service to focus on a fitness career and became a certified personal trainer.
 Jean Acker Jean Acker was an American film actress with a career dating from the silent film era through the 1950s.
She was perhaps best known as the estranged wife of silent film star Rudolph Valentino.
Acker was born Harriet “Hattie” Ackers on October 23, 1893 in Trenton, New Jersey.
In the 1900 census, Hattie is with Joseph and her grandparents, but no wife of Joseph is listed.
She attended the St. Mary’s Seminary in Springfield, New Jersey, for a time.
In the 1907 Lewistown Directory, Joseph is listed with a wife by the name of Eleanor.
When he married Eleanor is not yet known, but it was after 1900 and before the family moved to Lewistown.
He managed the Casino Bowling Alley and The Ritz restaurant, and later owned the Boston Shoe Store on Valley Street.
Acker quickly had regrets and locked him out of their hotel bedroom on their wedding night.
Valentino remained angry with her for several years, but they mended their friendship before his death in 1926.
Another of her female lovers was Grace Darmond, with whom she was involved during her relationship with Valentino.
After divorcing Valentino in 1923, Acker was engaged to Marquis Luis de Bezan y Sandoval of Spain.
The married politician denied that he made such a promise but admitted that he spent thousands of dollars on Acker.
Acker met Chloe Carter, a former Ziegfeld Follies girl, who was the first wife of film composer Harry Ruby.
Though not born in the Central Pennsylvania town of Lewistown, Jean Acker is considered a local celebrity.
The mural was painted in 2012 by Dwight Kirkland of Blackleaf Studio, Mifflintown, PA. 
 Jean Arthur Jean Arthur was an American actress and a major film star of the 1930s and 1940s.
As well as recoiling from interviews, she avoided photographers and refused to become a part of any kind of publicity.
She reputedly took her stage name from two of her greatest heroes, Joan of Arc and King Arthur.
He decided to take a chance on a complete unknown, and she was cast in over twenty westerns in a two-year period.
Running water was nowhere to be found, and even outhouses were a luxury not always present.
The films were moderately successful in second-rate Midwestern theaters, though Arthur received no official attention.
She was cast on Banks' insistence, and received a salary of $700.
Upon realizing that the craze for sound films was not a phase, she met with sound coach Roy Pomeroy.
Arthur was not among these actors, and she struggled for recognition in the film industry.
By 1930, her relationship with Selznick had ended, causing her career at Paramount to slip.
Back on Broadway, Arthur continued to appear in small plays that received little attention.
It has been argued that in this period, Arthur developed confidence in her acting craft for the first time.
Even though hesitant to give up her stage career, Arthur signed the five-year contract on February 14, 1934.
In 1936 alone, she earned $119,000, more than the President of the United States and baseball player Lou Gehrig.
Arthur, who was De Mille's second choice after Mae West, described Calamity Jane as her favorite role thus far.
The latter was her final film, and the only color film in which she appeared.
Capra claimed she vomited in her dressing room between scenes, yet emerged each time to perform a flawless take.
Arthur next decided to teach drama, first at Vassar College and then the North Carolina School of the Arts.
An animal lover her entire life, Arthur said she trusted them more than people.
Arthur once famously said that she would rather have her throat slit than do an interview.
Arthur's first marriage, to photographer Julian Anker in 1928, was annulled after one day.
Arthur died from heart failure June 19, 1991, at the age of 90.
She was cremated and her remains were scattered off the coast of Point Lobos, California.
The Jean Arthur Atrium was her gift to the Monterey Institute of International Studies in Monterey, California.
On May 2, 2015, the city of Plattsburgh, New York honored her with a plaque in front of the house where she was born . 
 Jean Brooks Jean Brooks was an American film actress and singer who appeared in over thirty films.
She spent her early years in Houston, as well as New York City and Costa Rica.
She landed two starring roles with Paramount, acting under the stage name Robina Duarte.
Universal never gave her star treatment, preferring instead to cast her in small roles and B-movies.
She spent most of 1942 working bit parts, now performing under the name Jean Brooks.
At RKO, Brooks was to achieve her greatest success, though stardom eluded her.
It is a sad coincidence that, while portraying the depressed Jacqueline, Brooks' own life was falling apart.
RKO began casting her in smaller and smaller roles, and she was noticeably gaining weight.
Though RKO was angry with her, Brooks reportedly tore up her contract before they could fire her.
In 1946, Brooks met newly returned Marine Corps veteran, William Douglas Lansford, and they married.
They were divorced in 1956 and Lansford remarried to Ruth Ketcham of Long Island, NY.
Sadly, none of her old Hollywood associates knew anything of her life or her condition.
She appeared briefly as a singer on radio, first with Tommy Dorsey's band, followed by a stint with Jan Savitt's group.
She was asked to read from the script and imitate a British accent, which she did.
On February 3, 2006, Byron died in Mobile, Alabama, of complications following hip replacement surgery. 
 Jean Carlin Jean Carlin, born Harriet Jean Sollenberger was an American film actress from Long Beach, California.
 Jean Carmen Jean Carmen , was an American film, stage, and radio actress of the 1930s.
For the first half of the 1970s Carson had a drinking problem which limited her acting career.
She retired early in the next decade, save for some plays in the Palm Springs area .
On November 2, 2005, Carson died from complications of the stroke; she was 82 years old. 
 Jean Darnell Jean Jarratt Darnell was an American silent film actress who had a brief career between 1912 and 1913. 

 Jean Gale Jean Gale was an American vaudeville performer and brief film actress of the 1930s.
Although it appeared that Jean's acting career would take off, it never did.
She settled in Los Angeles, where she was residing at the time of her death on September 26, 1974. 
The family moved to Elkhart, Indiana, when she was 12 and she subsequently graduated from Elkhart High School.
She studied drama at Northwestern University, where she was a roommate of actress Patricia Neal.
In the 1960s, Hagen's health began to decline and she spent many years hospitalized or under medical care.
After a marriage fraught with domestic violence, she divorced Seidel on November 1, 1965 in Los Angeles, California.
She has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 1502 Vine Street for her contributions to television.

 Jean Harlow Jean Harlow was an American film actress and sex symbol of the 1930s.
Among her frequent co-stars were William Powell, Spencer Tracy, and in six films, Clark Gable.
Harlow's popularity rivaled and soon surpassed that of her MGM colleagues Joan Crawford and Norma Shearer.
The film was completed using doubles and released a little over a month after Harlow's death.
The American Film Institute ranked her as the 22nd greatest female star of classic Hollywood cinema.
She was granted sole custody of Harlean who loved her father, but would rarely see him again.
Harlean attended the Hollywood School for Girls and met Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., Joel McCrea, and Irene Mayer Selznick.
On January 18, 1927, Jean Carpenter also married her partner Bello, although Harlean was not present.
McGrew turned 21 two months after the marriage and received part of his large inheritance.
Neither McGrew nor Harlean worked, and both, especially McGrew, were thought to drink heavily.
Lacking a car, Roy asked Harlean to drive her to Fox Studios for an appointment.
A few days later, Rosalie Roy bet Harlean that she did not have the nerve to go and audition.
In December 1928, she signed a five-year contract with Hal Roach Studios for $100 per week.
In June 1929, Harlow separated from her husband and moved in with her mother and Bello.
Hughes signed Harlow to a five-year, $100-per-week contract on October 24, 1929.
The movie made Harlow an international star; though she was popular with audiences, critics were less than enthusiastic.
Though the successes of the films ranged from moderate to hit, Harlow's acting was mocked by critics.
At MGM, Harlow was given superior movie roles to show off her looks and nascent comedic talent.
Though Harlow's screen persona changed dramatically during her career, one constant was her apparent sense of humor.
Initially, Harlow was speculated to have killed Bern, but Bern's death was officially ruled a suicide.
By the mid-1930s, Harlow was one of the biggest stars in the United States, and it was hoped, MGM's next Greta Garbo.
Harlow's movies continued to make huge profits at the box office even during the middle of the Depression.
Some credit them with keeping MGM profitable at a time when other studios were falling into bankruptcy.
After her third marriage ended in 1934, Harlow met William Powell, another MGM star, and quickly fell in love.
The couple was reportedly engaged for two years, but differences kept them from formalizing their relationship .
This may have contributed to her untimely death from kidney disease on June 7, 1937, at the age of 26.
Her friend and co-star Myrna Loy noticed Harlow’s grey complexion, fatigue, and weight gain.
On May 29, Harlow was shooting a scene in which the character she was playing had a fever.
Harlow requested that the assistant director telephone William Powell, who left his own set to escort Harlow back home.
Harlow's illnesses had delayed three previous films , so there was no great concern initially.
Dr. Ernest Fishbaugh, who had been called to Harlow's home to treat her, diagnosed her with an inflamed gallbladder.
Harlow felt better on June 3 and co-workers expected her back on the set by Monday, June 7.
On June 6, Harlow said that she could not see Powell properly and could not tell how many fingers he was holding up.
That evening, Harlow was taken to Good Samaritan Hospital in Los Angeles, where she slipped into a coma.
The next day at 11:37 am, Harlow died in the hospital at the age of 26.
In the doctor’s press releases, the cause of death was given as cerebral edema, a complication of kidney failure.
However, medical bulletins, hospital records, and testimony of her relatives and friends prove it was kidney disease.
The film was released on July 23, 1937, less than two months after Harlow's death, and was a hit with audiences.
Since the film's release, viewers have tried to spot these stand-ins and signs of Harlow's illness.
After her death, Landau writes, her mother sold the film rights to MGM, though no film was made.
The publication rights were passed from Harlow's mother to a family friend and the book was finally published in 1965.
 Jean Heather Jean Heather was an American actress who featured in eight feature films during the 1940s.
A former Ziegfeld girl and a Goldwyn Girl, Howard studied photography at the Los Angeles Art Center.
She often used her camera to capture moments from Hollywood during the 1940s and 1950s.
In 1989, a book of her photography was published, Jean Howard's Hollywood, a tribute to the golden days of Hollywood.
She is interred in the Abbey of the Psalms Mausoleum in the Hollywood Forever Cemetery, Hollywood, California. 
Jean Thompson was one of five children born to Irene Celia Thompson and Herbert Owens Thompson Sr. .
She lived in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, before her civil-servant father moved the family to Guam in 1963.
Casey Kasem had three children from a previous marriage: Kerri, Julie, and Mike Kasem.
On May 12, 2014, Kerri Kasem was granted conservatorship over Jean Kasem's objection.
She also took roles in college productions, including with the Barnard College Gilbert and Sullivan Society.
Kelly appeared Off Broadway at the York Theatre as the title role in Paul McKibbins and B.T.
NBC had received between 20 and 30 phone calls protesting her being in the show.
Though the company later received thousands of calls protesting the decision, it was not reversed.
In 1968 she moved to Columbia, Missouri, where she taught drama at Stephens College.
The following day the studio called her on the phone and invited her for a screen test.
During the war, she toured many of the veteran hospitals throughout the U.S. and performed on radio.
In July 1942, her husband joined the Coast Guard, and in September 1942 they separated and were divorced in July 1943.
They were separated on June 19, 1949, and divorced on December 29, 1949.
On May 19, 1951, she secretly married actor Robert Lowery, at the home of a friend in Hialeah, Florida.
Lowery had played Batman in 1949; he was featured in over seventy films in his own career.
In 1952, Parker gave birth to a son, Robert Lowery Hanks, who works as an executive for the city of Los Angeles.
She and Lowery filed for divorce in September 1957, but it was never finalized.
She was survived by her son, Robert, and granddaughters Katie and Nora Hanks.
Raised on a small farm in East Canton, Peters attended East Canton High School.
While studying for a teaching degree at Ohio State, she entered the Miss Ohio State Pageant in the fall of 1945.
As her agent, Robinson accompanied her to Hollywood, and helped her secure a seven-year contract with Fox.
She dropped out of college to become an actress, a decision she later regretted.
In the late 1940s, Peters returned to college, in between filming, to complete her work and obtain a diploma.
As a result, the studio, frustrated by her stubbornness, put her on her first suspension.
For the role, she offered to bleach her hair, but the studio overruled this.
Although the film became a success, most of the publicity was for Milland's performance.
To prepare for a singing and dancing scene, Peters took a few lessons with Betty Grable's dance instructor.
By 1950, Peters was almost forgotten by the public, although she had been playing lead roles since 1947.
A Long Beach newspaper reported that Peters gained her role by impressing Jean Negulesco with her sewing.
It was the first time since the beginning of her career that Peters received this much publicity.
While shooting the film in Hutchinson, Kansas, Peters was honored with the title 'Miss Wheatheart of America'.
He said he thought Peters had the right blend of sex appeal and the tough-talking, streetwise quality he was seeking.
Shelley Winters and Betty Grable had previously been considered but both had turned it down.
Because of the sex symbol status of her character, Peters was not thrilled with the role.
Shortly after the film's premiere in July 1953, the studio renewed Peters' contract for another two years.
But when I got to Italy and read the script, I discovered I was going to be an earthy kind of girl again.
However, the film became a great success and brought Peters again into the limelight.
Deciding she had had enough, Peters left Fox to focus on her private life.
In 1957, the producer Jerry Wald tried to persuade her not to leave Hollywood but had no luck.
But, she did not appear in that film; and, despite her earlier announcement, never produced a film.
After landing a contract in Hollywood, Peters moved there, where she initially lived with her aunt, Melba Diesel.
From the beginning of her career, Peters openly admitted she did not like the fame, explaining she did not like crowds.
Despite her clashes with the studio, Peters was well liked by other contract players.
The soldier and actor Audie Murphy claimed that he had a relationship with Peters in 1946, before she met Howard Hughes.
At the time they married, they had known each other for only a few weeks, and they separated a few months later.
Soon after that, he retreated from public view and, reportedly, started becoming an eccentric recluse.
He reportedly had his security officers follow her everywhere even when they were not in a relationship.
During her marriage, which lasted from 1957 to 1971, Peters retired from acting and social events in Hollywood.
In the media, she refused to speak about the marriage, claiming she preferred to focus on the present and future.
Howard Hughes' for the rest of her life, although knowing that would be difficult.
Later in 1971, Peters married Stan Hough, an executive with 20th Century Fox.
Peters died of leukemia in 2000 in Carlsbad, California, two days before her 74th birthday.
In 1933, though, she won a beauty contest sponsored by Paramount Pictures, which led to her career in Hollywood.
While filming the series in 1937, her costume caught on fire and she suffered burns on her hands.
In the first serial, Dale competed with Princess Aura for Flash Gordon's attention.
The competition for Flash Gordon's attention is one of the highlights of the film.
Still, she was unhappy with the studios, possibly because she was relegated to films on a lower salary.
She died in Sherman Oaks at the age of 74 in 1991, following surgery. 
She is the associate director for 2 Broke Girls , and Two and a Half Men .
Wizards of Waverly Place , Two and a Half Men , MADtv , So Little Time , and Just Shoot Me!
Her siblings, older sister Katey Sagal, brother Joe Sagal and twin sister Liz Sagal, are all active in the industry.
Her victimization was rendered as a well-documented retaliation for her support of the Black Panther Party in the 1960s.
He decided to change the family's last name to Seberg in memory of the water and mountains of Sweden.
Jean had a sister Mary-Ann, a brother Kurt, and a brother David, who was killed in a car accident in 1968.
After high school, Seberg enrolled at the University of Iowa to study dramatic arts, but took up movie making instead.
She had scenes filmed in French Guiana and returned to Paris for additional work in September.
Reportedly, she was not pleased with the roles she had been offered, some of which, she noted, bordered on pornography.
Conversely, she was not offered any great Hollywood roles, regardless of their size.
No conclusive evidence of a 'blacklisting' exists, yet this is fairly normal, as such blacklists are usually secret.
The FBI operation against Seberg used COINTELPRO program techniques to harass, intimidate, defame, and discredit Seberg.
Seberg went into premature labor and, on August 23, 1970, gave birth to a baby girl.
U.S. surveillance was deployed while she was residing in France and while travelling in Switzerland and Italy.
On living in France for a period of time, Seberg said in an interview: I'm enjoying it to the fullest extent.
I've been tremendously lucky to have gone through this experience at an age where I can still learn.
The system seems to be based on saving the maximum of yourself for those nearest you.
However, despite extended stays in the United States, Seberg remained Paris-based for the rest of her life.
Gary's divorce from his first wife took place on September 5, 1962, shortly before their wedding October the 6th.
During her marriage to Gary, Seberg lived in Paris, Greece, Southern France and Majorca.
In 1972, she was married for the third time, to aspiring film director Dennis Berry.
After Seberg went missing, Hasni told police that he had known she was suicidal for some time.
He claimed that she had attempted suicide in July 1979 by jumping in front of a Paris subway train.
Gary stated that Seberg had repeatedly attempted suicide on the anniversary of the child's death, August 25.
Police noted there was no alcohol in the car where Seberg's body was found.
Police theorized that someone was present at the time of her death and failed to get her medical care.
Foster was set to produce and star in the film, but the project was cancelled two years later.
Seberg's son, Alexandre Diego Gary, brought a lawsuit unsuccessfully attempting to stop publication.
The film includes interviews with Jean's immediate family, friends, teachers, and colleagues in the US and France. 
Sincere was born on August 16, 1919, in Mount Vernon, New York.
Sincere died from natural causes in Los Angeles, California, on April 3, 2013, at the age of 93.
She was survived by her two children, director Francesca Zambello and art dealer Larry Zambello.
Her late husband, Charles Carmine Zambello, whom she married in 1949, died in 1992.
Smart began her career in regional theatre in Seattle and played Lady Macbeth at the Pittsburgh theatre in 1980.
Smart was born in Seattle, Washington, the daughter of Kay and Douglas Smart, a teacher.
The second of four children, she was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes when she was thirteen.
Smart is a member of the University of Washington chapter of the Alpha Delta Pi sorority.
She went on to win two Emmy Awards for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series.
Born in Seattle, Washington, Spangler had danced with the Earl Carroll Theatre and Florentine Gardens.
Spangler and Benner engaged in a long custody battle over their daughter, until Spangler was awarded custody in 1948.
The last person to see her was a clerk in a store near her home, who said that she appeared to be waiting for someone.
Spangler's sister-in-law, Sophie, went to the police and filed a missing person report the next day.
He said that he had not seen his former wife for several weeks before Spangler disappeared.
Sixty police officers and over one hundred volunteers searched the natural terrain park, but no other clues were found.
There was no money in the purse so the police ruled out robbery as a motive.
Columnist Louella Parsons offered a $1,000 reward for information concerning Spangler's disappearance or location.
She is still listed as a missing person, and the LAPD has not closed the case.
 Jean Speegle Howard Jean Frances Speegle Howard was an American actress who acted primarily in film and on television.
Howard was born Jean Frances Speegle in Duncan, Oklahoma, the daughter of Louise and William Allen Speegle.
On September 2, 2000, Howard died in Los Angeles, California of heart and respiratory illness.
 Jean Stapleton Jean Stapleton was an American character actress of stage, television and film.
In 1982 Stapleton portrayed Eleanor Roosevelt in a television production of the First Lady's later life.
Together they had two children: actor director John Putch and television producer Pamela Putch.
Jean was not, as commonly believed, related patrilineally to the actress Maureen Stapleton.
On May 31, 2013, Stapleton died surrounded by family and friends in New York City of natural causes.
She was 90 and was survived by her two children, John, a TV director, and Pamela, a TV producer.
She was discovered by a scout from Warner Brothers, who saw her acting in a play at UCLA, and was signed immediately.
Sullivan died of cardiac arrest in Woodland Hills, California at the age of 79.
She had a daughter, the actress Francesca Poston, by actor Tom Poston, whom she married in 1955.
 Jean Vachon Jean Vachon was a motion picture actress whose career began in the silent film era.
Others actors in the movie are Tully Marshall, Vera Reynolds, Christine Mayo, and Claire Windsor.
The setting shifts from New York City, to Paris, France, and then returns to New York.
At the time of the couple's engagement Watt was working with Thomas Meighan on a new feature film.
She was a favorite of director Edward Bernds, who cast her in many shorts and features.
In 1947, she changed her billing, Jean Donahue, to her married name, Jean Willes.
 Jeana Keough Jeana Tomasino was born on September 18, 1955 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
When she was younger, she worked as a model and actress, most famously in a number of videos for ZZ Top.
Tomasino currently goes by the name of Jeana Ellen Keough and is a real estate salesperson in Aliso Viejo, California.
In season five, she appeared as a regular cast member in only three episodes.
Born Janette Lov in Orofino, Idaho, Loff's mother was Norwegian and her father was Danish.
Later, the family moved to Canada so that her father might continue his career as a violinist.
She was signed to a contract by Cecil B. DeMille, and was soon cast as in ingénue roles in almost every instance.
This enticed her to take a break from her movie career and perform on stage.
She remained under contract to Universal Pictures for some months but made no additional films.
Loff was married twice; her first marriage was to Harry Rosenbloom, from whom she was divorced in 1929.
Later, she wed wholesale liquor dealer Bert 'Noo' Friedlob to whom she remained married until her death.
On August 4, 1942, Jeanette Loff died of ammonia poisoning in Los Angeles, California in 1942.
Beverly Hills, California the police did not know if she ingested ammonia either accidentally or intentionally.
MacDonald was born June 18, 1903, at her family's Philadelphia home at 5123 Arch Street.
Shipman once remarked that MacDonald did not have the legs for a top-notch chorus girl.
In the first rush of sound films, 1929–30, MacDonald starred in six films, the first four for Paramount Studios.
The UCLA Film and Television Archive owns the only known color print of this production.
Highly praised by reviewers at the time, only one reel of this film survives.
MacDonald took a break from Hollywood in 1931 to embark on a European concert tour.
Van Dyke, was MacDonald's first film in which she teamed with newcomer baritone Nelson Eddy.
The film won an Oscar for sound recording and received an Oscar nomination for Best Picture.
The following year, MacDonald starred in two of the highest-grossing films of that year.
After Thalberg's untimely death in September, the production was shut down and the half-finished film was scrapped.
The film had an original score by Sigmund Romberg and reused the popular David Belasco stage plot .
In contrast to the previous film, the co-stars were relaxed onscreen and singing frequently together.
MacDonald and Eddy played a husband and wife Broadway musical comedy team who are offered a Hollywood contract.
They played a contemporary musical couple who clash when her career flourishes while his flounders.
The script by Anita Loos suffered serious censorship cuts during filming that made the result less successful.
Of those four stars Miss MacDonald was the only one whom Mr. Mayer would rehire, in 1948.
The more than 40 guest stars included Marlene Dietrich, W.C. Fields, Sophie Tucker and Orson Welles.
Eddy was upset at how his first film turned out at Universal so their joint project at that studio fell through.
MacDonald played a widow who has also lost her son, but warms to orphan Claude Jarman Jr.
In addition, MacDonald was one of the top ten box-office attractions in Great Britain from 1937 to 1942 inclusive.
Starting in 1931 and continuing through the 1950s, MacDonald did regular concert tours between films.
Her first European tour was in 1931, where she sang in both France and England.
President Franklin D. Roosevelt, who considered MacDonald and Eddy two of his favorite film stars, awarded her a medal.
She also did command performances at the White House for both Presidents Harry S. Truman and Dwight D. Eisenhower.
MacDonald recorded more than 90 songs during her career, working exclusively for RCA Victor in the United States.
She also did some early recordings for HMV in England and France while she was there on a concert tour in 1931.
Unlike Nelson Eddy, who came from opera to film, MacDonald in the 1940s yearned to reinvent herself in opera.
She began training for this goal with Lotte Lehmann, one of the leading opera stars of the early 20th Century.
There couldn’t have been a more diligent, a more serious, a more pliable person than Jeanette.
The lessons which I had started with a kind of suspicious curiosity, turned out to be sheer delight for me.
The majority of her radio work in the mid to late 1940s was with Eddy.
Nelson Eddy appeared as a voice from her past, singing the song he sang at her wedding to Gene Raymond.
After the panelists guessed her identity, she told John Daly she was in town in New York for the holidays.
She also said that on January 16, 1953, she was going to have a recital at Carnegie Hall.
The initial show featured guest stars Leo Durocher and Larraine Day, but it failed to find a slot.
She was one of the founders of the Women's Voluntary Services and was active with the Army Emergency Relief.
When she was home in Hollywood, she held open house at her home, Twin Gables, on Sunday afternoons for G.I.s.
Despite less than enthusiastic comments from critics, the show played to full houses for virtually every performance.
Harold Prince recounts in his autobiography, visiting MacDonald at her home in Bel Air to discuss the proposed project.
The first was wealthy NYU student Jack Ohmeis, whom she dated from 1922 until 1927.
Stone, who lived in Milwaukee, was the nephew of the founder of the Boston Store and worked in the family business.
The Bob Ritchie romance began to sour when MacDonald became friendly with Nelson Eddy in late 1933.
The problem was that Eddy wanted her to retire and raise their children; MacDonald preferred to put her career first.
Later that month, MacDonald met the actor Gene Raymond at a party and began dating him.
On June 16, 1937 MacDonald married Gene Raymond in a traditional ceremony at Wilshire Methodist Church in Los Angeles.
Raymond was also a songwriter, and MacDonald introduced two of his songs in her concerts.
MacDonald addressed this issue in her unpublished autobiography and mentioned several separations and marital problems.
She worsened in 1963 and underwent an arterial transplant at Methodist Hospital in Houston, Texas.
Her large home was sold and she moved into a Los Angeles apartment that would not require so much of her energies.
She was able to go home for New Year's, but in mid-January husband Raymond flew her back to Houston.
She checked in on January 12, and a program of intravenous feedings was begun to build her up for possible surgery.
MacDonald died two days later on January 14 at 4:32 pm, with her husband at her bedside.
Raymond died on May 3, 1998 and was laid to rest next to Jeanette MacDonald at Forest Lawn, Glendale, California.
Rich also interviewed about 200 others including celebrities who because of Rock's approval, spoke candidly.
The USC Thornton School of Music built a Jeanette MacDonald Recital Hall in her honour. 

Also, in 1962, season 5, episode 24, as proprietor of a secluded halfway house.
Ma Burns is a supposedly refined woman trying to hijack a presumed gold shipment headed to Laredo from St. Louis.
Most notably as Widow Tweed, the kindly old lady who adopts an orphan fox in the 1981 feature The Fox and the Hound.
In 1935, Nolan married actor John McIntire; the couple remained together until his death in 1991.
Nolan and McIntire worked together several times from the late 1960s on, sometimes as voice actors.
 Jeanie MacPherson Jeanie MacPherson was an American actress, writer, and director from 1908 until the late 1940s.
She worked with some of the best filmmakers of the time period including D. W. Griffith and Cecil B. DeMille.
She was appraised for her new level resourcefulness and attentiveness to the needs of DeMille.
MacPherson was a petite, spirited girl of Spanish, Scottish, and French descent.
Over the next few years she took singing lessons and took whatever theater-related jobs that she could find.
I hunted all over New York for a studio--and couldn't find one.
At last a super told me a man named Griffith was doing pictures for the Biograph Company.
She made her film debut in 1908 with a short film called the “Fatal Hour” directed by D. W. Griffith.
For the next year she acted in many controversial and ethnic roles for Griffith's films.
After Griffith, she went on to the old Universal Company where she was a leading lady.
She got her first real opportunity here in 1913, when she wrote, directed, and starred in, “The Tarantula” for them.
She continued at the old Universal Company for two years until her health caused her to break from the company.
However, he told her “I am not interested in star Macpherson but I am in writer Macpherson”.
DeMille and MacPherson formed what became one of the most influential and long-lasting partnerships in the industry.
She was infatuated with his perfection and force of will, while he was captivated by her high spirited courage.
However, they both believed in the power of people to change their ways, which many of their scripts showed.
Through her pen as a female scenarist she was able to give women a voice in the film writing industry.
In 1927 she was one of the founding members of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
It was later confirmed by DeMille's niece that MacPherson was in fact one of his three mistresses.
In 1946 MacPherson became ill with cancer while researching Unconquered , a historical drama, and had to stop work.
She died that August in Los Angeles, CA, at age 59, and was buried at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery in Hollywood.
She was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame located at 6150 Hollywood Blvd.
She signed a contract with Columbia Pictures in 1942 which began her career in films both in bit parts and larger roles.
She died of breast cancer at the Motion Picture & Television Country House and Hospital in Woodland Hills, California. 
Born in New York City, Cagney and her four older brothers were raised by her widowed mother.
After being heard by a scout while appearing on Bing Crosby's radio program, Cagney had a film test with RKO Pictures.
Most of Cagney's appearances on radio were as a guest in dramatic programs as noted below.
Survivors included brothers Bill and James Cagney, daughters Theresa Cagney and Mary Anne Roberts, and a grandson. 
 Jeanne Carmen Jeanne Carmen was an American model, pin-up girl, trick-shot golfer, and B movie actress.
Carmen, believing her life was in danger, fled to Scottsdale, Arizona, where she lived incognito for over a decade.
She was survived by three children, Melinda, Kellee Jade and Brandon, and three grandchildren.
Born Theo-Alice Jeanne Carpenter in Kansas City, Missouri, Carpenter started her film career at the age of three.
 Jeanne Chinn Jeanne Chinn worked at various sub shops and shoe stores before becoming an actress and model.
 Jeanne Crain Jeanne Elizabeth Crain was an American actress whose career spanned from 1943 to 1975.
Later, while still in high school, she was asked to make a screen test opposite Orson Welles.
After that, Crain often had singing parts in films, and they were invariably dubbed, in most cases by Hogan.
Also starring in the broadcast were Loy, Walter Pidgeon, Jane Powell, and Ed Wynn, with top billing going to Tab Hunter.
Crain and her husband bought a large home for their growing family on Roxbury Drive in Beverly Hills.
Crain died a few months later, and the cause was later confirmed as a heart attack.
The Jeanne Crain Collection resides at the Cinema Archives at Wesleyan University in Middletown, Connecticut.
These archives also hold the papers of Ingrid Bergman, Frank Capra, Clint Eastwood, and others. 
 Jeanne Eagels Jeanne Eagels was an American actress on Broadway and in several motion pictures.
That nomination was the first posthumous Oscar consideration for any actor, male or female.
In reality, she was born in Kansas City, Missouri and her father was a carpenter.
She quit school shortly after her First Communion to work as a cash girl in a department store.
Eagels began her acting career in Kansas City, appearing in a variety of small venues at a very young age.
She left Kansas City around the age of 15 and toured the Midwest with the Dubinsky Brothers' traveling theater show.
Around 1911, she moved to New York City, working in chorus lines and eventually becoming a Ziegfeld Girl.
Her hair was brown, but she bleached it when she went to New York.
Her first marriage was to actor Morris Dubinsky whom she married when she was a teenager.
The couple reportedly had a son who either died or who was given up for adoption after the couple separated.
During the peak of her success, Eagels began abusing drugs and alcohol and eventually developed an addiction.
In September 1929, Eagels underwent eye surgery at St. Luke's Hospital in New York City.
On October 3, 1929, Eagels and her secretary walked to the Park Avenue Hospital where Eagels had an appointment.
Paulsen has also spent seven seasons as part of the resident acting company at the Oregon Shakespeare Festival.




Malone is also an experimental musician who has released music both under her own name and as The Shoe.
By the time she was 9 years old, she had already lived in 27 different locations.
Malone began taking an interest in acting after watching her mother, who was involved in community theatre.
In Los Angeles, California, Malone has stated that she and her mother struggled with money.
She reprised her role in the final two films, ' and the upcoming '.
It has also been announced that she has been cast in ', also directed by Zack Snyder.
In November 2014, Malone exhibited 39 photographs that she took in Myanmar in the summer of that year.
It took place at MAMA, an art gallery owned by her personal friend Adarsha Benjamin in Downtown Los Angeles.
Proceeds were donated to Girl Determined, a non-profit organization which benefits girls' education in Myanmar. 
Goldstein was born to a Jewish family in Los Angeles, California, and raised in Beverly Hills.
Before breaking into show business, Harrison was a cheerleader from 1978–1980 for the Los Angeles Rams.
Harrison's character, Cindy Snow, was created to be Chrissy Snow's cousin.
By the end of the season, however, Cindy Snow disappeared from the series.
After the whole season was explained away as a dream, Harrison returned for her character to die again.
In 2005, Harrison began appearing in infomercials for the Ultimate Chopper with Chef Tony. 
Gotzon received the 2008 Rising Star Award alongside Hometown Pride Award Winner Chubby Checker at the .
In 2003, Gotzon won Best Actress for opposite Tippi Hedren at Sacramento's Global Art Film Festival.
She's spoken across the country and at dozen of high schools in New Orleans since 2008.
Gotzon's mission is to work on films that have the ability to impact and inspire audience viewers.
Gotzon was raised in the country-side of Northampton, Pennsylvania several miles from Blue Mountain Ski Area.
Gotzon continued on with pageants, competed for Miss America and made it to state level in 2000.
During summer break of 1999, Gotzon briefly relocated to Virginia Beach, VA and ran a murder mystery dinner theater.
In 2002, Gotzon got cast in several independent films including , where she won Best Actress.

Her father is of Lebanese and Polish descent and her mother is of German and English ancestry.
While attending high school at Grapevine High School in Grapevine, Texas, Dewan was a varsity cheerleader.
She went to University of Southern California and was a member of the California Gamma Chapter of Pi Beta Phi.
The film was to be released theatrically in July 2011 but was released straight to DVD in September 2011.
She portrayed the role of Bunny Janie, a provocative Playboy bunny who works at a Playboy Club in Chicago in 1961.
The series premiered on September 19 to 5.2 million viewers with mixed reviews from critics.
Due to low ratings, NBC cancelled the series after just three episodes in October 2011.
Dewan is raising her daughter as a vegetarian but says she will let her decide what to eat when she gets old enough. 
Fischer was born in Fort Wayne, Indiana and raised in St. Louis, Missouri.
Her performance in the company's musical adaptation of the film Nosferatu led to her first agent.
For her role in the film, Fischer was awarded a Screen Actors Guild Emerging Actor Award.
In a June 2008 interview, Fischer confirmed that she and Gunn had finalized their divorce.
Fischer and Kirk married on July 3, 2010, and have two children: a son born in 2011 and a daughter born in 2014.
She regularly fosters cats and hosted Kitten Rescue's annual silent auction in 2008, 2009, and 2010. 
At 14, Gering was spotted by a hairdresser and asked if she would like to become a model.

She has performed in a number of theater productions and had minor roles in some feature films.
Eisenhower was born in San Clemente, California, the daughter of Julie Nixon Eisenhower and David Eisenhower.
She has one brother, Alex Richard Eisenhower , and one sister, Melanie Catherine Eisenhower .
On stage, Eisenhower has performed Off-Broadway and at regional theaters across the United States.
The youngest of seven children , Garth spent much of her youth on a 25-acre horse ranch in Arcola, Illinois.
She attended Greenway High School as a freshman and transferred to Apollo High School in her sophomore year.
She won a Young Artist Award and was nominated for a Teen Choice Award for the role.
Along with co-star Amanda Bynes, she appeared on the show for all four seasons.
The show centered around the relationship of the Tyler sisters, along with their friendships and romances.
The ensemble cast included Seth MacFarlane, Alex Borstein, Mila Kunis, and Drew Barrymore.
Tori Spelling, who played Donna Martin in the original series, later joined the spinoff in a recurring role as well.
This TV show also noted that Garth owns a horse ranch in Santa Barbara, California.
It chronicles Garth as she renovates a home Hollywood Hills, California for herself and her three children.
Garth and Facinelli married on January 20, 2001, in a traditional Roman Catholic ceremony.

Lee's act centered on how fast she could get her pastie propellers to spin and how dizzy she could make the audience.
Lee's own salary was extremely low as well, and she was forced to live in run-down studio apartments.
The collection would become part of the Exotic World museum in Helendale, California, which was founded by Lee.
Aniston has played the female protagonist in a number of comedies and romantic comedy films.
She is one of the highest paid actresses in Hollywood and as of 2014, her net worth is estimated to be 150 million.
She has also been included in magazines' lists of the world's most beautiful women.
Divorced from actor Brad Pitt, to whom she was married for five years, she is now married to actor Justin Theroux.
Aniston was born February 11, 1969, in Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles, California to actors John Aniston and Nancy Dow.
Her father is Greek and a native of Crete, while her mother was born in New York City.
Aniston's godfather was actor Telly Savalas, one of her father's best friends.
During that time, Aniston's father and mother split when she was nine years old.
In 2015, Aniston spoke about a childhood incident that led to lifelong fear of water.
The program was successful and Aniston, along with her co-stars, gained world-wide reputation among television viewers.
The latter film opened in relatively few theaters – under 700 in total – taking 14 million in the U.S. box office.
It was released on June 2 and grossed approximately 39.17 million during its opening weekend.
Aniston noted that she was inspired to direct by actress Gwyneth Paltrow, who also directed a short film in 2006.
It set a record for the largest Christmas Day box office ever with 14.75 million in ticket sales.
By June 20, 2010, Aniston's movies had grossed more than 1 billion in the United States and over 1.7 billion worldwide.
The film focuses on a trio of employees who plot to murder their titular tyrannical supervisors.
Aniston played one of the bosses, a sexually aggressive dentist who harasses Charlie Day's character.
The film, a comedy about a drug dealer with a fake family, received mixed reviews from critics.
The cast include Tim Robins, John Hawkes, Mos Def, Isla Fisher, Will Forte and Mark Boone Junior.
She makes you believe this character is at her lowest point and only she can pull herself out of it.
The movie also starred Adriana Barraza, Anna Kendrick, Sam Worthington, Felicity Huffman and William H. Macy.
She was cast in a Heineken commercial which was later banned in the U.S. due to branding issues.
In an interview following the launch, Aniston said that she would also like to create a fragrance for men.
In 2015, she became the new face of Emirates airline in a deal reported to be roughly 5 million.
She has appeared in many TV commercials for St. Jude's Children's Research Hospital, which she supports.
She married Pitt, after two years of dating, on July 29, 2000 in a lavish Malibu wedding.
The divorce made the front-pages of tabloid magazines for years, and it still continues to be discussed in the media.
In 2005, media reports speculated that the split was due to Aniston's refusal to have children with Pitt.
Aniston started a relationship with actor, director and screenwriter Justin Theroux in May 2011.
In January 2012, Aniston and Theroux purchased a home in Los Angeles's Bel-Air neighborhood for roughly 22 million.
They became engaged on August 10, 2012 and married on August 5, 2015 at their Bel Air estate.
Aniston received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on February 22, 2012.
The star is located at 6270 Hollywood Boulevard, in front of The W Hollywood Hotel.
The series debuted on ABC in mid-season, on March 4, 2012 and was cancelled after single season.
She attended the UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television, where she received a BA in Theater.
Aspen married her longtime boyfriend of nine years, David O'Donnell, on September 3, 2006.
Her adopted baby girl, Charlotte Sofia O'Donnell, was born June 10, 2012. 

 Jennifer Connelly Jennifer Lynn Connelly is an American film actress who began her career as a child model.
She has been the face of Balenciaga fashion advertisements, as well as for Revlon cosmetics.
She is the daughter of Ilene, an antiques dealer, and Gerard Karl Connelly , a clothing manufacturer.
Her mother was Jewish, and was educated at a yeshiva; Ilene's family had emigrated from Poland and Russia.
Her father suffered from asthma, so the family moved to Woodstock, New York in 1976 to escape the city smog.
Four years later, the family returned to Brooklyn Heights, and Connelly returned to Saint Ann's.
When Connelly was ten years old, an advertising executive friend of her father suggested she audition as a model.
Her parents sent a picture of her to the Ford Modeling Agency, which shortly after added her to its roster.
During the audition, Connelly, who had no ballet training, tried to imitate a ballerina.
Although a disappointment at the box office, the film later became a cult classic.
Her character is a middle-class girl from Manhattan Beach who pursues the dream of establishing a dress shop.
Connelly prepared for the role by renting an apartment in the building where the character lived.
Connelly also talked to addicts and attended Narcotics Anonymous meetings with a friend who was in recovery.
Howard and the producers eventually chose them after being particularly impressed by their screen chemistry.
The film was a critical and commercial success, grossing more than US$313 million worldwide.
Connelly had the chance to meet the real Alicia Nash before starting shooting and learned more about her life.
'I'm not going to cast the girl who was in that movie for this adult project.'
She played Betty Ross, a scientist and the former girlfriend of the main character, Bruce Banner.
Her first son, Kai, was born in 1997, from her relationship with photographer David Dugan.
The couple's first child, Stellan, named after their friend, actor Stellan Skarsgård, was born the same year.
She gave birth to her third child, Agnes Lark, on May 31, 2011, in New York City.
On November 14, 2005, Connelly was named Amnesty International Ambassador for Human Rights Education.
On May 2, 2009, she participated in Revlon's annual 5k Run/Walk for Women.

Coolidge is an alumna of The Groundlings, an improv and sketch comedy troupe based in Los Angeles.
She was raised in Norwell, Massachusetts, and has a brother, Andrew, and two sisters, Elizabeth and Susannah.
Coolidge is known for her supporting roles in several comedy movies and guest spots on television.
The film was a box-office hit and took in a gross worldwide revenue of $235,483,004.
The film went on to become a moderate box office hit despite negative critical reviews.
In late 2005, Coolidge was invited to join the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray in the US on February 8, 2011.
In , the film entered pre-production, and in May 2011, Coolidge signed on to reprise her role of Stifler's Mom.
In June 2011, Coolidge curated a Blake Nelson Boyd art show in New Orleans.
It went over so well, that she decided to take an act on the road.
Coolidge ended up doing shows all over the country and the world for two years, Scotland included.
Foley was born in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of actor/comedian Billy Crystal and Janice .



After graduating from a performing arts high school Cox moved to LA with her mother Kate.
The film struggled with money and due to budget constraints, an entire scene had to be eliminated and rewritten.
Cox stated she didn't even receive a salary for recording the film's voice-over narration.
Described as a dark, campy, 1950's musical, it was written by Ubach herself.
She would go on to play the character till 2009, when this show was cancelled.
She was in talks to play the character more for the next season, however Lifetime cancelled the series.
She would play Gina until August 11, 2015, when Showtime cancelled the series after four seasons.
She was raised on Staten Island and is a graduate of Countess Moore High School in Staten Island.
She was originally cast in the Mira Sorvino role, but had to take a different role due to scheduling conflicts.
Esposito therefore only appeared in six episodes that season, but received starring billing in all of them.
However, she left the series on September 25, 2015 after the third season.
They filed for a divorce in May 2007, and it was finalized that November.
She was seen again in the spring of 1967 when making four more film and TV appearances.
In 1969, she changed her name to Jennifer Gan and continued performing until late 1972.
She then began a professional association with Roger Corman that lasted through two B movies.
On June 11, 2010 Gareis gave birth to her first child, son Gavin Blaze Gareis Ghassemieh.
In January 2012 it was announced that Gareis was expecting her second child in the upcoming summer.
On June 29, Gareis gave birth to a girl who she named Sophia Rose Gareis Ghassemieh.
Gareis competed in her first beauty pageant in 1992 when she placed second runner-up at Miss Pennsylvania USA.
Gareis placed in the top six of the nationally televised pageant, which was won by Lu Parker of South Carolina.
For her work on the series, Garner won a Golden Globe and a Screen Actors Guild Award.
After divorcing actor Scott Foley in 2003-04, Garner married actor and director Ben Affleck on June 29, 2005.
Garner has two daughters and a son with Affleck, from whom she separated on June 30, 2015.
She has credited her older sister, Melissa Lynn Garner Wylie, as a source of inspiration to her.
In the fall of 1993, she studied at the National Theater Institute at the Eugene O'Neill Theater Center in Connecticut.
The more I learned what there was to learn about this field, the more hungry I became for it.
It comes out of wanting to learn more, as opposed to 'I want to be a star.'
Garner's salary for the show began at $40,000 an episode and rose to $150,000 per episode by the series' end.
She won the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Drama Series in 2005.
red devil who just kind of put his arms out and shouts: 'I've got her!'
The film received poor reviews and failed at the box office with a total gross of $45 million on a $40 million budget.
In the same year, Garner was invited to join the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
It received mixed reviews from critics and had modest ticket sales in its theatrical run.
The film also stars Kevin Costner, was directed and produced by Ivan Reitman, and was released in 2014.
In 2014, Garner donated $25,000 to the campaign of Democratic politician Wendy Davis.
My kids take karate for example, and we have our classes at the same time every week.
So the guys know when we have karate, and so 20 of them wait there for us every single class.
 Jennifer Gatti Jennifer Gatti is an American actress who has taken on several television roles.
Gimenez took her first drink at age 12, at 18 she found cocaine after she became a model.
She began trying to quit drugs at age 20, but achieved only intermittent success over the course of the next 13 years.
Though she managed to maintain her sobriety throughout her work on the film, she relapsed when it concluded production.
Since the first season of the series, she lost 100 pounds, and returned to going from a size 16 back to a size 6.
She became good friends with fellow recovering addict Andy Dick, and intends to resume acting.
On July 14, 2013, Gimenez made guest appearance on Celebrity Wife Swap as Andy Dick's girlfriend.
Dick also starred alongside his ex-girlfriend and mother of his 15-year-old daughter Meg, Lina Sved.
 Jennifer Grant Jennifer Diane Grant is an American actress, the only child of actors Cary Grant and Dyan Cannon.
Partly because her father did not want her to become an actress, she tried other things for several years.
Grant was married to Randy Zisk for three years, but the marriage ended in divorce in 1996.
Grant gave birth to a son, Cary Benjamin, on August 12, 2008.
She voiced the two characters as well as others for the show's six seasons and its feature movie.
She voiced Bastila Shan in ' and returned for a brief appearance in the sequel '.
Hale also voiced Bastila Shan in cameo role during the game's Jedi Consular storyline.
Notably, Hale played the role of Krem, a trans man character in BioWare's '.
She enjoys the outdoors and has mentioned that she might have become an architect, because she likes to redo houses.
She has mentioned that she wasn't even allowed to watch cartoons when she was a kid.


Born Elizabeth Marshall Holt in Hollywood, California to actor Jack Holt and his wife, Margaret Woods.
In 1984, she was posthumously honored by the Golden Boot Awards for her contributions to western cinema.
Leigh has a reputation for playing characters on society's bottom rung, often prostitutes or drug users.
Her father, Vic Morrow , was an actor, and her mother, Barbara Turner, is a screenwriter.
The director Reza Badiyi was her mother's second husband and was at the time her stepfather.
Leigh and co-writer Alan Cumming drew freely from their personal experiences in the writing of the film.
Leigh and her sister filed a wrongful death lawsuit against Warner Bros., John Landis and Steven Spielberg.
They settled out of court a year later and the terms of the settlement have never been made public.
Leigh has described herself as shy, introverted and averse to Hollywood publicity, and scandal.
Leigh filed for divorce on November 15, 2010, in Los Angeles, citing irreconcilable differences.
She sought spousal support as well as primary custody of the couple's son, with visitation for Baumbach.
In 1980, she founded the Jennifer Jones Simon Foundation For Mental Health And Education after her daughter's suicide.
Jones was born Phylis Lee Isley in Tulsa, Oklahoma, the daughter of Flora Mae and Phillip Ross Isley.
Her parents toured the Midwest in a traveling tent show that they owned and operated.
It was there that she met and fell in love with fellow acting student Robert Walker.
She failed a screen test for Paramount Pictures and decided to return to New York City.
Selznick, however, overheard her audition and was impressed enough to have his secretary call her back.
Over the next two decades, Jones appeared in a wide range of roles selected by Selznick.
Her dark beauty and sensitive nature appealed to audiences and she projected a variable range.
Early scenes in the film showed paintings lent to the production by the art gallery of Jones' husband, Norton Simon.
Jones had two sons of her first marriage: Robert Walker, Jr. , and Michael Walker .
Jones married Selznick on July 13, 1949, a union which lasted until his death June 22, 1965.
In 1980, she founded the Jennifer Jones Simon Foundation For Mental Health And Education.
Simon later met Jones at a party hosted by fellow industrialist and art collector Walter Annenberg.
She remained active as the director of the Norton Simon Museum until 2003, when she was given emeritus status.
She died of natural causes on Thursday, December 17, 2009, aged 90.

She is the daughter of Karen , a children's camp manager, and Gary Lawrence, a construction worker.
She graduated from high school two years early with a 3.9/4.0 average, aiming at a career in acting.
She was awarded the Los Angeles Film Festival Award for Outstanding Performance for her role in the latter film.
Her performance earned her the Marcello Mastroianni Award for Best Emerging Actress at the Venice Film Festival.
The latter film was completed in 2009 but was stalled due to controversy concerning Gibson.
She underwent extensive training for the role, including archery, rock and tree climbing, and combat.
Though the film generally received positive reviews, Lawrence's portrayal of Katniss was particularly praised.
It was a major commercial success, with box office earnings of $864.9 million.
She portrays the titular character, Joy Mangano, the inventor of the Miracle Mop.
In May 2015, she was named the face of Dior Addict's beauty campaign.
Director David O. Russell has praised her effortless acting that make her performances look easy.
Lawrence is perceived as being in a position of influence and power within the film industry.
Lawrence is active in charities such as the World Food Programme, Feeding America, and The Thirst Project.
It was very industrial - if you didn’t fit in you got your ass kicked.
I was just my own person, and I adopted this really tough skin because I had to if I wanted to survive.
In a 1993 interview, Lien said: “When I was a little kid in Chicago, I always used to pretend I was somebody else.
I wrote little plays, I was a tomboy, I hung out with the guys a lot.
I began to think I could make a difference, I could make people happy.
Then, on the advice of an eighth grade teacher, I went to acting class, and then got an agent.
Soon, casting directors started hiring me and then I got an interview with the people from AW .
They liked me, asked me to come to New York, so here I am!” Career.
I was seeing talent, experience and wisdom in action, inventiveness and creativity happening in front of me.
The fans love the conventions, love meeting the people involved in their favorite shows.
If they have any negative feedback, they give it to me, too, which is fine.
She is married to writer and filmmaker Phil Hwang; their first child, Jonah, was born on September 5, 2002.
In August 2010, Lien said she intended to work as a nutritionist after completing her studies.
In July 2012, Lien was arrested in Harriman, Tennessee, for an alleged domestic assault.
In addition to acting, she has served as a producer on some of her film and television projects.
Hewitt grew up in Nolanville, in Central Texas, and has close kinship ties in parts of Arkansas.
After their parents divorced, Hewitt and her older brother Todd were raised by their mother.
Patricia Mae Hewitt died on June 12, 2012, aged 67, following a battle with cancer.
As a young girl, Hewitt was attracted to music, which led to her first encounters with the entertainment industry.
After moving to Los Angeles, Hewitt appeared in more than twenty television commercials, including some for Mattel toys.
The series was published by IDW Publishing, and was collected in a trade paperback.
She announced via her Twitter page in June 2011 that she was penning a follow-up.
Napolis admitted to being involved in a shoving match with Hewitt's mother while confronting the actress.
In June 2013, Hewitt announced that she and Hallisay were engaged and expecting their first child.
 Jennifer Morrison Jennifer Marie Morrison is an American actress, voice actress, model, and film producer.
Morrison attended South Middle School then graduated from Prospect High School in 1997 where her parents worked.
She attended Loyola University Chicago where she majored in Theatre and minored in English, graduating in 2000.
She studied at the Steppenwolf Theatre Company before moving to Los Angeles to pursue a career in film and television.
She played this role for the whole duration of the series, from 2004 to 2012.
Morrison plays the wife of Edgerton's character, struggling to keep her family together.
Spencer proposed to Morrison on December 23, 2006, at the Eiffel Tower and the two had planned to marry later in 2007.
At the age of eight, Jennifer was cast in a national candy commercial at her very first audition.
She took a hiatus through high school to enjoy her youth, but resumed her acting career soon after graduation.
O'Neill and her older brother Michael were raised in New Rochelle, New York, and Wilton, Connecticut.
That same year, she was discovered by the Ford modeling agency and put under contract.
An accomplished equestrian, O'Neill won upwards of 200 ribbons at horse show competitions in her teens.
Later, she moved on to films and worked in a number of television movies and series.
She portrayed a role previously envisioned by actress Linda Evans in the miniseries on which the soap was based.
Married to; On October 23, 1982, O'Neill suffered a gunshot wound in her home on McClain Street in Bedford, New York.
O'Neill works for other charitable causes, such as Retinitis Pigmentosa International and the Arthritis Foundation.
As a breast cancer survivor she was once a spokesperson for the American Cancer Society.
She has hosted a one-hour television special for World Vision International shot in Africa concerning the HIV epidemic.
She was born and grew up in Rosiclare, Illinois, a small town on the Ohio River.
She eventually auditioned successfully for commercials roles, later moving on to television and film.
In 1980, she played a press secretary on a made-for-TV movie about Jackie Kennedy.
Although not a regular, she is the only actress to have guest-starred in all eight seasons of the series.
She married Jordan Rhodes and later moved to Los Angeles from New York with him.
As of October 2006, she was working on a novel and working in real estate.
Runyon was born in Chicago, Illinois, the daughter of DJ Jim Runyon and actress Jane Roberts.
Her husband, , is a producer, writer, director, also a collegiate women's basketball coach.
Her parents were screenwriter Waldo Salt and actress Mary Davenport; her stepmother was the writer Eve Merriam.
She attended the High School of Performing Arts in New York City and graduated from Sarah Lawrence College.
The film examines how the media have contributed to the underrepresentation of women in positions of power.
Newsom is married to former San Francisco Mayor and current Lieutenant Governor of California Gavin Newsom.
Jennifer and Gavin wed in July of the same year at her parents' ranch in Stevensville, Montana.
In September 2009, she gave birth to a daughter, Montana Tessa Siebel Newsom.
Newsom gave birth to a son, Hunter Siebel Newsom, on June 12, 2011.
In 2011, Newsom and her family moved from San Francisco to Ross, where she grew up.
In 2002, Newsom moved to Hollywood, where she concentrated on building her acting career.
Newsom has appeared on television shows such as Mad Men, Strong Medicine, and Numb3rs.
Newsom is a co-founder of The Representation Project, an organization which works to end gender stereotypes.
The Representation Project's board members include Jan Yanehiro, Nathan Ballard, Susie McCormick and Maureen Pelton.
Newsom, formerly a member of the Republican Party and the American Independent Party, is now a Democrat. 

Syme was born in Pico Rivera, California, where she lived for the first eighteen years of her life.
Shortly after moving to Los Angeles, she landed a job working for director David Lynch.
She was also a personal assistant to Dave Navarro of Jane's Addiction and, later, the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
On April 1, 2001, Syme attended a party at musician Marilyn Manson's home.
Syme is buried next to her daughter, Ava Archer Reeves , in Westwood Village Memorial Park Cemetery in Los Angeles.
Her father was of Chinese descent and her mother was of Irish, First Nations and Finnish ancestry.
She has an older brother, Steve, and two younger sisters, Meg and Rebecca.
Her mother divorced again when Tilly was 16, and moved to Victoria, where Tilly attended Belmont High School.
About this time, Tilly started dividing her time between her film career and professional poker.
Tilly played in the Celebrity Poker Showdown which aired June 14, 2006, on Bravo.
She was knocked out in third place by Bravo's online poker champion Ida Siconolfi.
Trying to find validation in poker is like trying to find a virgin in a whorehouse.
Tisdale was born in Neptune, New Jersey, the daughter of Lisa and Mike Tisdale, a contractor.
Her maternal grandfather is Arnold Morris, and through her grandfather she is also related to businessman Ron Popeil.
Tisdale gave birth to a baby girl, Mikayla Dawn, who was born on February 13, 2010.
They had 4 children, one of them, Barney, who is a writer and editor.
The film was selected as Best Pick of both the Seattle and Boston Film Festivals.
The film was distributed in America by Artisan Films during the 1999/2000 year and appeared on Direct TV.
She has taught at Wesleyan University, Johns Hopkins University, UCLA Extension, and the University of Tel Aviv.
She first appeared in the first four episodes of the season and returned in the final episodes of the series.
Westfeldt was in a long-term relationship with actor Jon Hamm from 1997 to July 2015. 


She was the primary vocalist of the indie rock band Rilo Kiley, and has released three solo albums.
Her mother, Linda, was a professional singer, and her father, Eddie Gordon, was a member of the Harmonica Gang.
In 1998, Lewis and friends Pierre De Reeder, Dave Rock and then-boyfriend Blake Sennett formed the band Rilo Kiley.
It was announced on July 14, 2011 that Rilo Kiley had officially split up.
In 2004, Conor Oberst invited Lewis to record a solo record for record label Team Love.
The Watson Twins provide accompaniment on the album, billed as Jenny Lewis with the Watson Twins.
The album took 5 years to complete and is a reflection on Rilo Kiley's break-up and the death of Lewis's father.
She then spent July touring the United States and released the album The Voyager on July 29.
On April 18, 2009, Lewis performed at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in Indio, California.
In 2013, Lewis created the music score for Tribeca Film's feature, Very Good Girls.
She has claimed that vaccines cause autism and that chelation therapy helped cure her son of autism.
Both claims are unsupported by medical consensus, and her son's autism diagnosis has been questioned.
She was born to a working-class Catholic family, and has Irish, German, and Polish ancestry.
She is the second of four daughters; her sisters are named Lynette, Joanne, and Amy.
McCarthy was later made the Playmate of the Year, and was paid a $100,000 salary.
The reality show, which was filmed at The Palms Hotel in Las Vegas, featured hotel guests, party goers, and celebrities.
She was Cyber Girl of the Week for September 27, 2004, and Cyber Girl of the Month for January 2005.
She also appeared in the 40th anniversary of ABC's New Year celebration where she kissed a nearby New York City cop.
In one magazine ad, McCarthy posed on a toilet seat with her underwear near her ankles.
The couple became engaged in January 1999 and married on September 11 of that year.
They have a son, Evan Joseph, born on May 18, 2002, who was diagnosed with autism on May 10, 2005.
In May 2007, McCarthy announced that her son Evan was diagnosed with autism in 2005.
McCarthy served as a spokesperson for Talk About Curing Autism from June 2007 until October 2008.
McCarthy has stated on talk shows and at rallies that chelation therapy helped her son recover from autism.
As I've learned, the answer is whenever someone questions the safety of any vaccines.
Mollen was born and raised in Phoenix, Arizona, and has a sister and a brother.
In 2005, Mollen announced in an interview about her plans to perform in London in a play she wrote about her dog.
Jenny, her singer guitarist brother Jack O'Hara, grew up amid their mother's pursuit of a theatrical career.
Edith O'Hara directed a children's theater in Warren, Pennsylvania, where the two daughters occasionally acted.
 Jenny Shakeshaft Jennifer Marie Shakeshaft is an American actress and model living in Los Angeles, California.
Jennifer Marie Shakeshaft, or Jenny, was born and raised in Monument, Colorado.
Jennifer attended the University of Colorado and American Musical and Dramatic Academy in New York City.
However, following the release of the feature, her character was not included in the final cut. 

When Rain was 34, she married Academy Award for Best Actor winner Richard Dreyfuss in 1983.
When she was eleven, her father retired from the Army and the family settled in Paducah, Kentucky.
The series was cancelled after one season, but the role had drawn the attention of the science-fiction community.
When she joined the cast in Season 4, wearing her now-iconic silver formfitting catsuit uniform, ratings increased 60%.
The series' producer, David E. Kelley, wrote the role specifically for her.
CBS cancelled the broadcast of the series after its Season 2 finale, May 20, 2008.
The couple married on June 15, 1991 and had a son, Alex, on August 15, 1994.
On June 18, 2004, Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Robert Schnider agreed to release the custody files.
According to statements she has made in interviews, Ryan's avocation is gourmet cooking.
In 2003, Ryan met French chef Christophe Émé at a chef's charity event.
The two eventually began a relationship, and Émé moved in with Ryan and her son Alex in their San Fernando Valley home.
Located on Third Street in Los Angeles, California, the restaurant served French food with a modern interpretation.
Ryan and Émé married in the Loire Valley, France, on June 16, 2007.
On March 2, 2008, Ryan gave birth to daughter Gisele Émé in Los Angeles, California.
Subsequently, Weixler, attended Juilliard where she was a classmate of Jessica Chastain's.
She was a participant during the first year of Bruce Brubaker's InterArts performance project at Juilliard.
That same year she appeared in The Disappearance of Eleanor Rigby as the titular character's sister.
It was picked up by Gravitas Ventures and given theatrical and VOD distribution in March 2015.
Weixler is currently engaged to Hamish Brocklebank, an English businessman and co-founder of Flooved. 

Alba has said that her family's frequent moving also contributed to her isolation from her peers.
Alba graduated from Claremont High School at age 16, and she subsequently attended the Atlantic Theater Company.
Alba appeared in two national television commercials for Nintendo and J. C. Penney as a child.
It premiered at the Hamptons International Film Festival and was released to theaters in May 2011.
The book, slated for release in early 2013, will be published by Rodale.
Alba has been regarded as one of the world's most attractive women, being named to Maxim's Hot 100 in 2008.
In 2007, Alba was ranked in at No.1 in FHM's Sexiest Girls of 2007 poll, in the magazine's Latvian edition.
In 2006 and 2007, Alba was voted No.1 as the most sexy woman in the world by the Norwegian FHM.
Campari printed 9,999 copies of the calendar featuring photos of Alba posing sexually in swimsuits, and high heels.
Her friends at church reacted negatively to her role, making her lose faith in the church.
However, she has stated that she still holds her belief in God despite leaving the church.
They believe God wouldn't allow the Bible to be written if it wasn't what they are supposed to believe.
In 2013, Alba revealed that she has ADHD and takes regular medication for it.
In 2005, Alba offered her acting talents for free, to raise money for AIDS charity amfAR at the Cannes Film Festival.
Alba is an ambassador for the 1Goal movement to provide education to children in Africa.
Alba said that she was trying to bring attention to the diminishing population of great white sharks.
Blank grew up in New Haven and Washington, D.C., and attended Macalester College and the University of Minnesota.

 Jessica Boone Jessica Boone is an American actress with extensive experience in Shakespeare and musical theatre.
She lives in Prague, Czech Republic, and has occasionally returned to the Houston, Texas area. 
She took over this role after the original portrayer, Erika Flores, did not renew her contract.
Caban was born to Puerto Rican parents in New York City, New York and raised in Spanish Harlem.
Caban and Darlenis Duran competed in the season final, where Caban was crowned Sí TV’s first ever Model Latina.
She was awarded a $10,000 contract with Q Management and was featured in spreads of magazines. 

She was introduced in the latter show's fifth season as an attending surgeon and the new head of pediatric surgery.
She graduated from Harvard-Westlake School in 1994 and Brown University in 1998 with an English degree.

Before graduating college, she sang on a cruise ship and in jazz and blues clubs.
She was born and raised in the theater and began her career in New York.

Chastain was born in Sacramento, California, the daughter of Jerri Renée , a vegan chef.
She was raised by her mother and stepfather, Michael Leroy Hastey, a fireman.
She is close to her maternal grandmother Marilyn, who attended the Oscars with her in 2012 and 2013.
Her ancestry includes Spanish , Greek , Dutch, English, Scots-Irish, Scottish, German, and distant French Huguenot.
Chastain said that she struggled academically as a student at El Camino High School in Sacramento.
She later attended Sacramento City College, where she was a member of the debate team .
Chastain shared her role with Helen Mirren, both actresses portraying the character at different phases of her life.
In April 2012, Chastain entered the list of Time 100 most influential people of the world.
She was invited to join the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences in June 2012.
The same month, Chastain was named the ambassador of the new Yves Saint Laurent fragrance, called Manifesto.
Chastain is estranged from her biological father and has refused to confirm various news reports on his identity.
Chastain is the eldest of four siblings; she has two younger sisters and two younger brothers.
She was in a long-term relationship with film director Ned Benson before breaking up in 2010.
Collins later attended London's Royal National Theatre Studio and the Howard Fine Acting Studio in Los Angeles.
In 2013, she was nominated for Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series for her role.
She is the oldest of three sisters and has a half-brother and two step brothers.
Her mother raises and trains Alpacas and also works as a gardener for an all-women’s gardening company.
Her stepfather is a carpenter and her father, who died in, worked in an oil refinery.
Graham spent part of her childhood living in a 400-year-old house in Ridley State Park without television.
Graham is self-taught except for attending The School in Rose Valley from 4th through 6th grade.
It was there that Graham did her first real play, Antigone, playing the title role.
Before moving to Los Angeles from Philadelphia she was the Producing Artistic Director or Theater Catalyst.
She has also appeared on the stage and her commercial credits include AOL, Southwest Airlines, and PETA.
In 2013 Jessica produced Chasseur which won Best Short at Fly Away Film Festival and Timecode:NOLA.
Most recently, she produced and starred in Monkeys, a short film set to premier in 2015.
 Jessica Harper Jessica Harper is an American actress and producer, as well as a singer.
In addition to acting, Harper is also an author of children's music and books Early life.
She has written eleven books for children, and made seven albums of songs for children.
This book, with 135 easy recipes, is for those people, crabby cooks like me!
She has two daughters, Elizabeth and Nora, who are featured on her children's albums and books. 
 Jessica Hecht Jessica Hecht is an American actress and singer, known for numerous Broadway appearances and TV roles.
Hecht was born in Princeton, New Jersey, the daughter of Lenore, a psychotherapist, and Richard Hecht, a physicist.
When she was three, Jessica moved with her parents and her sister to Bloomfield, Connecticut.
The new family grew quite close, and Jessica had the support of all three parents as she struggled to become an actress.
In 1987, Hecht graduated from the NYU Tisch School of the Arts, earning a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Drama.
Kiper was born in Florida, and has lived in Rhode Island, Baton Rouge, San Francisco and Los Angeles.
She has done a very good job of staying in this game and staying out of the way.
She ended the series in third place, losing to teacher Robert Crowley and hairdresser Susie Smith.
She was also the second choice for the 'Sprint Survivor of the Season' award, losing again to winner Crowley.
Thus, she never once had her name written down during the run of the game at Gabon.
She has fourteen nieces and nephews and believes family to be one of the most important things in life.
She grew up with a special bond to her father, being his youngest child. 
 Jessica Lange Jessica Phyllis Lange is an American actress who has worked in film, theater and television.
Lange was discovered by producer Dino De Laurentiis while modeling part-time for the Wilhelmina modelling agency.
The series, once again, topped its and the network's highest ratings, breaking all ratings records for both.
Lange announced at 2015 Paleyfest that she would not return for the series' fifth season.
Previews are set for March 31, 2016 ahead of an April 19, 2016 opening.
Rose was born in Salisbury, Maryland and moved to Mount Maunganui, Bay of Plenty in New Zealand when she was eight.
In January 2004, she moved to Auckland to study at the Academy of Film and Television Make Up.
After Rose's parents separated, she returned to Salisbury in May 2005 to live with her father.
She then enrolled in the New York Film Academy at Universal Studios in Universal City, California.
Although initially unpaid, as lonelygirl15 grew popular, she and co-star Yousef Abu-Taleb received salaries.
Aside from acting, she is an Anaheim Ducks fan and periodically blogs for NHL.com. 
As a student at Columbia College Chicago, Jessica starred as the lead role in the musical, Flower Drum Song.
Jessica Lu previously starred as the down-to-earth Ming Huang on the critically acclaimed MTV series Awkward.
2015 starred on the side of Scott Glenn, Stephen Tobolowsky, and Kristen Hager in the Thriller film The Barber.
Jessica resides in Los Angeles with her dog, Oprah, and her cat, Lucky. 
Lundy was born in San Diego, California, the daughter of Jean and Joel Lundy, a surgical oncologist.


Stroup was born in Anderson, South Carolina to Judith and Don Stroup, a senior vice president at Wachovia.
Despite negative reviews from critics the film went on to gross over $67 million worldwide.
The pilot premiered on September 2, 2008 to a high 4.65 million viewers despite mixed reviews from critics.
She and her husband Robert Koseff have a daughter, Samara Barnes Hallam Koseff, born on March 24, 2003.
She reprised the role in spirit form in 1993, 1999, 2004, and 2012.
In 1990 she also was nominated for a Soap Opera Digest Award for Outstanding Female Newcomer: Daytime for the same role.
She appeared in the series from 2008 to 2011 and made guest appearance in 2014, in the final season.
as Eve Gallo, the mother of Maya and the ex-wife of magazine publisher Jack Gallo.
In 2005, she received an Emmy nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series for the role.

She attended Nathaniel Narbonne High School where she flourished in the school's drama department.
Word of the shot was reported in the news of the time and the press agent left town.
Jessie starred on stage in over 25 Charles Frohman productions in the first 15 years of her career.
She is one of four sisters, all of whom are involved in the arts.
For much of her childhood, she and her family resided in rural Los Angeles, Texas.
Although she made her Hollywood debut in 1916, she only became a permanent Hollywood actress in 1933.
She died four years later in her home town Glouchester at the age of 79.
Jesse Royce Landis was born Jessie Medbury in Chicago, Illinois, to Paul, an orchestra musician, and Ella Medbury.
Landis listed 1904 as the year of her birth, a date now given by many printed biographies and online sources.
However, in the tradition of many actresses, she had actually shaved years off her age – in this instance, eight.
Landis died of cancer in Danbury, Connecticut on February 2, 1972, aged 75.
 Jessika Van Jessika Van is an Asian American actress, as well as singer-songwriter, pianist and dancer.
She also plays Kim, a Hong Kong Police Officer and sister of Detective Lee in the upcoming Rush Hour TV series.
For her role as Hannah in that film, she won a Best Actress award at the 2013 Asians on Film Festival.
Her theater credits include DOMA Theater Company's production of Cabaret at The Met Theater Mainstage in Los Angeles.
 Jetta Goudal Jetta Goudal was a Dutch-born American actress, successful in Hollywood films of the silent film era.
Convinced to move to the West Coast, Goudal appeared in two more Olcott films in the ensuing three years.
When her film career ended, she joined Grieve in running a successful interior design business.
Key to the issues was the question of where the contracts had been made: New York or California.
Fox's offices were located in New York; Carmen was a resident of California.
If not an adult, she could not be legally held to the document she had signed.
Carmen later became known for her connection to the scandal surrounding the death of actress Thelma Todd.
Todd died in a garage attached to the home where Carmen's parents lived, which Carmen had formerly shared with West.
After the scandal broke, Carmen's marriage to West ended, and she retired from the public eye.
She declared at a young age that she wanted to be like Betty Davis, Joan Crawford and Benny Hill.
As she continues her theatrical Film and Television career, she’ll never stop making people laugh. 
Directed by Jack Hill , the film was tied up in litigation from 1964 until 1968.
Banner returned to Southern California and in the early 1980s, reportedly to develop scripts.
Thrown from the vehicle, she died at 03:00 am, August 7, 1982 at North Hollywood's Riverside Hospital.

They had one son, Michael Rabe, and one daughter, actress Lily Rabe.
 Jill Dennett Jill Dennett was a motion picture actress in Hollywood movies for a decade, beginning in 1932.
She appeared in more than twenty films, all of the appearances in uncredited roles.
Dennett was the daughter of comedy star Dave Kramer of the Kramer & Boyle act.
When it reopened, on August 9, Dennett was part of a musical-comedy stage production.
Audiences were pleased and the show was repeated four times a day on some days.
Others contributing to the musical version of the play were Henry Mowbray, Paul Keast, Milton Tilly, and Manilla Powers.
Dennett was linked romantically with Jesse L. Lasky, Jr.. She became engaged to singer Geoffrey Gill in January 1933.
She donated some twenty pounds of her own red hair during a war scare about a year before the outbreak of World War II.
She has sung on stage and in films, and in recent years, she and her husband have written a number of songs.
 Jill Latiano Jill Latiano is an American actress, model, dancer, and television personality.


She is the only daughter and one of four children of Paul and Dorothy Schoelen.
She began singing at the age of 7 and taught herself to read music and play the guitar by the age of 10.
Her career began when at 15 years old, a talent agent heard her sing and play guitar.
In 2003, Schoelen began a long-term relationship with jazz bassist Dave Carpenter, who died in 2008.
As a young girl, St. John was a member of the Children's Ballet Company with Natalie Wood and Stefanie Powers.
In 1957, at age 16, Universal Pictures signed St. John to a contract.
She is best known for her role as Vicki Stubing, the daughter of Capt.
After attending summer acting camp at age 7, Whelan landed a series of commercials.
On November 25, 2001, Whelan appeared on an episode of The Weakest Link, a trivia game show hosted by Ann Robinson.
Jill met her partner, Brian Phelps, over 20 years ago and the two have wanted to work together ever since.
The podcast launched in September 2012, and it debuted at number one on iTunes.
She lived in Yardley, Pennsylvania, where she hosted a Sunday afternoon radio show on WPHT 1210 AM in Philadelphia.
Whelan moved back to Los Angeles in 2012, where she currently lives and raises her two sons. 
In recent years, Whitlow has developed something of a cult following and there is a web site dedicated to her.
Armenante was born in Paterson, New Jersey but grew up in Wyckoff, New Jersey.
Clare also has performed for many charitable causes, mostly for the protection of animals.
Clare has been nominated for five Young Artist Awards, in 2003, 2004, and 2005.
Her father was in the United States Navy and she spent much of her childhood in Denver, Colorado.
She first moved to Los Angeles in 1959 where she worked as a model before getting into television and movie acting.
He was awarded the 2002 Nobel Peace Prize for his work with the Carter Center.
On his second day in office, Carter pardoned all evaders of the Vietnam War drafts.
He established a national energy policy that included conservation, price control, and new technology.
He set up the Carter Center in 1982 as his base for advancing human rights.
Carter was born on October 1, 1924, at the Wise Sanatorium in Plains, Georgia.
He is a descendant of English immigrant Thomas Carter, who settled in Virginia in 1635.
Established in Sumter County, Plains was a boomtown of 600 people when Carter was born.
Carter was the first of Earl and Lillian's children; they moved several times during his infancy.
Carter got along well with his parents, although his mother worked long hours and was often absent in his childhood.
Although Earl was staunchly pro-segregation, he allowed his son to befriend the black farmhands' children.
An enterprising teenager, Carter was given his own acre of Earl's farmland where he grew, packaged, and sold peanuts.
After taking additional mathematics courses at Georgia Tech, he was finally admitted to the Naval Academy in 1943.
Carter graduated 60th out of 820 midshipmen in the class of 1946 and was commissioned as an ensign.
Carter took non-credit classes at Union College in Schenectady, New York, in 1953.
Thus resigning his commission, Carter was honorably discharged from the Navy on October 9, 1953.
Earl Carter died a relatively wealthy man, having also recently been elected to the Georgia House of Representatives.
Though they barely broke even the first year, the Carters grew the business and became quite successful.
Rosalynn, who had an instinct for politics and organization, was instrumental to his campaign.
Carter challenged the results; when fraud was confirmed, a new election was held, which he won.
A chain of events then resulted in Maddox, the dark horse candidate, being elected governor.
The result was a sharp blow to Carter, who was left deeply in debt.
The liberal former governor, Carl Sanders, was Carter's main opponent in the 1970 Democratic primary.
Carter ran a more modern campaign this time around, employing printed graphics and statistical analysis.
He accused Sanders of corruption, but when pressed by the media, could come up with no evidence.
That September, Carter came ahead of Sanders in the first ballot by 49 to 38 percent, leading to a runoff.
Once he was elected, Carter began to speak confidently against Georgia's racist politics.
Carter was sworn in as the 76th Governor of Georgia on January 12, 1971.
The two found little common ground during their four years of service, often publicly feuding with each other.
He looked to aggressively expand the governor's authority while reducing the complexity of the state government.
Therefore, he negotiated a bill allowing him to propose executive restructuring and to force a vote on it.
The reorganization plan was submitted in January 1972, but had a cool reception in the legislature.
After two weeks of negotiations it was passed at midnight on the last day of the session.
He hired Rita Jackson Samuels, a black woman, to advise him on potential appointments.
He took pride in his program for the appointment of judges and state government officials.
Under this program, all such appointments were based on merit, rather than political influence.
In one of his more controversial decisions, he vetoed a plan to build a dam on Georgia's Flint River.
Looking toward a potential presidential run, Carter engaged himself in national politics and public appearances.
After McGovern's loss in November 1972, Carter began meeting regularly with his fledgling campaign staff.
He tried unsuccessfully to become chairman of the National Governors Association to boost his visibility.
On David Rockefeller's endorsement he was named to the Trilateral Commission in April 1973.
Carter became the front-runner early on by winning the Iowa caucuses and the New Hampshire primary.
He attacked Washington in his speeches, and offered a religious salve for the nation's wounds.
Carter won the popular vote by 50.1 percent to 48.0 percent for Ford, and received 297 electoral votes to Ford's 240.
Carter became the first contender from the Deep South to be elected President since the 1848 election.
Carter's tenure was a time of continuing inflation and recession, as well as an energy crisis.
Fifty-two American diplomats and citizens were held hostage for the next 444 days until January 20, 1981.
On April 24, 1980, Carter ordered Operation Eagle Claw to try free the hostages.
He encouraged energy conservation by all U.S. citizens and installed solar water heating panels on the White House.
In 1978, Carter declared a federal emergency in the neighborhood of Love Canal in the city of Niagara Falls, New York.
More than 800 families were evacuated from the neighborhood, which was built on top of a toxic waste landfill.
The Act did not remove or diminish the FAA's regulatory powers over all aspects of airline safety.
Carter's campaign for re-election in 1980 was one of the most difficult, and least successful, in history.
Carter was defeated by Ronald Reagan in a landslide, and the Senate went Republican for the first time since 1952.
He found that the trustees had mismanaged the trust, leaving him more than one million dollars in debt.
He has also contributed to the expansion of Habitat for Humanity, to build affordable housing.
Since early September 2012, Carter has been alive longer after leaving the White House than any other U.S. President.
In 1982, he established The Carter Center in Atlanta to advance human rights and alleviate human suffering.
It has worked to resolve conflicts in Haiti, Bosnia, Ethiopia, North Korea, Sudan and other countries.
He is, along with Martin Luther King, Jr., one of only two native Georgians to receive the Nobel.
Clinton saw Carter as a way to let North Korean President Kim Il-sung back down without losing face.
In August 2010, Carter traveled to North Korea in an attempt to secure the release of Aijalon Mahli Gomes.
Carter has also in recent years become a frequent critic of Israel's policies in Lebanon, the West Bank, and Gaza.
In 2006, at the UK Hay Festival, Carter stated that Israel has at least 150 nuclear weapons.
Within this Mid-East trip, Carter also laid a wreath on the grave of Yasser Arafat in Ramallah on April 14, 2008.
Carter held summits in Egypt and Tunisia in 1995–1996 to address violence in the Great Lakes region of Africa.
Carter played a key role in negotiation of the Nairobi Agreement in 1999 between Sudan and Uganda.
On June 19, Carter attended and spoke at the annual Human Rights Forum at Croke Park.
An agreement between Irish Aid and The Carter Center was also signed on this day.
Carter visited Cuba in May 2002 and had full discussions with Fidel Castro and the Cuban government.
The exit poll and the Venezuela government's control of election machines became the basis of claims of election fraud.
On November 18, 2009, Carter visited Vietnam to build houses for the poor.
HFHI has worked in Vietnam since 2001 to provide low-cost housing, water, and sanitation solutions for the poor.
It has worked in provinces like Tiền Giang and Đồng Nai as well as Ho Chi Minh City.
Sudanese security prevented him from visiting a Darfuri tribal leader, leading to a heated exchange.
Due to his status as former President, Carter was a superdelegate to the 2008 Democratic National Convention.
His reaction to mentioning Barack Obama was: honesty, intelligence, and politically adept.
Carter has criticized the Obama administration for its use of drone strikes against suspected terrorists.
Carter has been a prolific author in his post-presidency, writing 21 of his 23 books.
Among these is one he co-wrote with his wife, Rosalynn, and a children's book illustrated by his daughter, Amy.
They cover a variety of topics, including humanitarian work, aging, religion, human rights, and poetry.
Specifically, these critics have alleged significant factual errors, omissions and misstatements in the book.
Abedi was a Pakistani, whose bank had offices and business in a large number of developing countries.
He was introduced to Carter in 1982 by Bert Lance, one of Carter's closest friends.
Abedi also traveled with Carter to at least seven countries in connection with Carter's charitable activities.
Just prior to the seizure, Carter began to disassociate himself from Abedi and the bank.
He has also participated in many forums, lectures, panels, funerals and other events.
He was criticized by the American Civil Liberties Union for not doing enough to find alternatives.
During his presidential campaigns, he expressed his opposition to the death penalty, as had George McGovern.
Two successive nominees, Walter Mondale and Michael Dukakis, also opposed the death penalty.
Carter has continued to speak out against the death penalty in the US and abroad.
Carter's hobbies include painting, fly-fishing, woodworking, cycling, tennis, and skiing.
He teaches Sunday school and is a deacon at the Maranatha Baptist Church in his hometown of Plains.
As president, Carter prayed several times a day, and professed that Jesus Christ was the driving force in his life.
Carter had been greatly influenced by a sermon he had heard as a young man.
The broadly inclusive movement seeks to unite Baptists of all races, cultures and convention affiliations.
The group held its first meeting in Atlanta, January 30 through February 1, 2008.
Carter had three younger siblings: sisters Gloria Carter Spann and Ruth Carter Stapleton , and brother Billy Carter .
Together, they have three sons, one daughter, eight grandsons, three granddaughters, and two great-grandsons.
Prior to this milestone, their long-term marriage surpassed that of John and Abigail Adams on July 10, 2000.
Carter has planned to be buried in front of his home in Plains, Georgia.
Carter noted in 2006 that a funeral in Washington, D.C. with visitation at the Carter Center was planned as well.
Carter was the first elected president since Hoover in 1932 to lose a reelection bid.
It became one of the first US Navy vessels to be named for a person living at the time of naming.
Bob Falkenburg, Jinx's younger brother, won the men's singles championship at Wimbledon in 1948.
A revolution in Chile caused the family to return to the United States and the family moved to Los Angeles, California.
She attended Hollywood High School but left in 1935 at the age of 16 to pursue a career in acting and modeling.
The New York World Telegram claimed her face was seen more often and in more places than any other woman in the country.
Mostly B-films, neither they nor her acting garnered much in the way of critical plaudits.
The most arduous was a 42,000 mile 80-stop series of shows in the rugged China-Burma-India theatre of operations.
McCrary wrote the scripts and taught Falkenburg the art of interviewing and the basics of broadcast journalism.
McCrary died at 92 on July 29, 2003, less than one month before Jinx.
In 1962, she and McCrary anchored 16 weeks of coverage of the Billy Graham Crusade for Christianity.
In the early 1960s, Falkenburg was a commercial spokesperson for the American Gas Association.
She took up golf at the age of 40 and within a short time had a 12 handicap.
She was on the board of the North Shore Hospital in Manhasset which her husband was instrumental in getting built.
Falkenburg died in 2003 at the age of 84 at North Shore Hospital in Manhasset.
For her contribution to the television industry, Jinx Falkenburg has a star on the Hollywood Blvd.
She also was in a music video in 1986 titled Your Love by The Outfield.
On June 4, 2014 Willette appeared on Ken Reid 's TV Guidance Counselor Podcast. 
They became engaged in May 2010, and married on December 11, 2010 at the Breakers Hotel & Resort in Palm Beach, Florida.
Bridesmaids for García included friends and fellow actresses Jamie-Lynn Sigler, Melissa Peterman, and Reba McEntire.
The couple have a daughter, Emerson Jay, born May 21, 2013 in Cleveland, Ohio.
García volunteers as a teacher for children who are learning English as a second language.
She is involved with the organization Make the Commitment, whose purpose is to raise awareness about cervical cancer.
Williams grew up in the South Park neighborhood of Houston, and attended Jones High School.
Then she moved to New York City and began to appear in television series in the mid 1970s.
She is married to TV and film director John Pasquin ; they have two children. 
The single was certified platinum by the RIAA in March 2007 and became her first platinum-selling single.
JoJo was born in Brattleboro, Vermont, and raised in Keene, New Hampshire and Foxborough, Massachusetts.
She has English, Irish, Polish, French, Scottish, and Native American ancestry.
Her father sings as a hobby, and her mother sang in a Catholic church choir and was trained in musical theater.
JoJo's parents divorced when she was four years old, and she was raised as an only child by her mother.
She started singing when she was two years old by imitating everything from nursery rhymes to R&B, jazz, and soul tunes.
As a child, JoJo enjoyed attending Native American festivals and acted locally in professional theaters.
She was signed to the label, and had recording sessions with producers The Underdogs and Soulshock & Karlin.
At times some of her material and use of melisma has been criticized for being overproduced and overused, respectively.
JoJo's early image followed popular trends related to hip hop culture at the time.
JoJo lived in Edgewater, New Jersey with her mother, until age 18, when she moved out on her own to Boston for a year.
JoJo made an appearance in the commentary box at a New England Revolution home game when they were playing D.C. United.
In August 2009, she confirmed that she graduated from high school and will focus very hard on her future projects.
JoJo was accepted to Northeastern University but did not attend; she considered majoring in cultural anthropology.

 Jo Ann Sayers Jo Ann Sayers was an American actress who was active in Broadway and in Hollywood films.
A talent scout noted her in a student production and invited her to Hollywood for a screen test.
They married on June 10, 1942 and had three children, but later divorced.
Her work covers television, films, theater, game shows, talk shows, commercials, and cartoons.
In 1937, her father remarried and his second union gave her two half-brothers and two half-sisters.
This led to a drama scholarship to Midwestern State University in Wichita Falls, Texas.
Jo Anne Worley continues to perform today in New York City and Los Angeles, and she has also given lectures.
The 1964 birth of a deaf daughter forced her to give up movies for motherhood.
She had a brief comeback in a few exploitation films and TV series episodes in the 1970s. 
After her success on the stage, director Elia Kazan brought her to Hollywood to work on screen.
Van Fleet died in a Jamaica, Queens hospital from undisclosed causes at the age of 80.
She was survived by her son Michael Bales, and a grandson, Arden Rogow-Bales.
She has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for her contribution to Motion Pictures, at 7000 Hollywood Boulevard. 
 Joan Allen Joan Allen is an American actress, who has worked in theatre, film and television.
In 2009, Allen starred as Georgia O'Keeffe in Lifetime Television’s 2009 biopic chronicling the artist’s life.
They divorced in 2002, but live close to each other to share time with their daughter, Sadie, born in 1994.
Also, her acting talent earned her a scholarship to the American Academy of Dramatic Art.
Banks first appeared on radio with Walter O'Keefe in 1936, when she was 18.
On October 2, 1962, Frank Lovejoy died of a heart attack in bed at the couple's New York residence.
Joan Banks died in Los Angeles, California in 1998 from lung cancer at the age of 79.
She was buried next to her husband in Holy Cross Cemetery in Culver City, California. 
Barclay married three times in her lifetime, with two children by her second marriage, to Leroy Hillman.
Her last marriage was to George Sullivan, with whom she remained until his death.
 Joan Barry Joan Barry was an American actress who was at the center of a paternity suit with Charlie Chaplin in 1943.
Barry was born May 24, 1920, as Mary Louise Gribble in Detroit, Michigan, to James A. and Gertrude E. Gribble.
Her father worked as a machinist in Detroit, and as car salesman in New York.
Barry's parents had another child, a girl named Agnes who was born in 1923.
After having a child, Carol Ann, on October 2, 1943, she filed a paternity suit against Chaplin in 1943.
Federal prosecutors also brought Mann Act charges against Chaplin related to Barry in 1944, of which he was acquitted.
After her mother was committed, Carol Ann went to live with a legally appointed guardian and changed her name.
Meanwhile, her husband Walter Wanger drove by at about 2:30 p.m. and noticed his wife's car parked there.
Half an hour later, he again saw her car there and stopped to wait.
Bennett and Lang drove into the parking lot a few hours later and he walked her to her convertible.
In a fit of jealousy, Wanger walked up and twice shot and wounded the unsuspecting agent.
One bullet hit Jennings in the right thigh, near the hip, and the other penetrated his groin.
She said she suddenly saw two livid flashes, then Lang slumped to the ground.
She and the parking lot's service station manager took Lang to the agent's doctor.
The following day Wanger, out on bond, returned to their Holmby Hills home, collected his belongings and moved.
He then decided to waive his rights to a jury and threw himself on the mercy of the court.
She is interred in Pleasant View Cemetery, Lyme, Connecticut, with her parents.
She has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for her work in Motion Pictures, at 6310 Hollywood Boulevard, Hollywood.

 Joan Blondell Rose Joan Blondell was an American actress who performed in movies and on television for five decades.
Blondell continued acting for the rest of her life, often in small character roles or supporting television roles.
Rose Joan Blondell was born in New York to a vaudeville family, and gave her birthdate as August 30, 1909.
Blondell's mother was Kathryn Cain, born April 13, 1884, in Brooklyn, of Irish American parents.
Around 1927, she returned to New York, joined a stock company to become an actress, and performed on Broadway.
He then sold the rights to Warner Brothers with the proviso that Blondell and Cagney be cast in the film version.
She began to appear in short subjects, and was named as one of the WAMPAS Baby Stars in 1931.
During the Great Depression, Blondell was one of the highest-paid individuals in the United States.
She left Warner Bros. in 1939 and continued to work regularly for the rest of her life.
Her students worked in Banyon's office, providing fresh faces for the show weekly.
Blondell has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for her contribution to Motion Pictures, at 6309 Hollywood Boulevard.
On September 19, 1936, she married her second husband, actor, director, and singer Dick Powell.
On July 5, 1947, Blondell married her third husband, producer Mike Todd, whom she divorced in 1950.
 Joan Carroll Joan Carroll was a successful child star in movies between 1938 and 1948.
Carroll was born Joan Felt in Paterson, New Jersey, to Wright G. and Freida B Felt.
Her father was a government electrical engineer, and her mother was a club and stage pianist.
Her family moved to California in 1936, and her stage name was changed to Carol and then Carroll.
During her teenage years, the family moved to New York City where Joan eventually attended Columbia University.
While at Columbia, Caulfield was active in many plays presented by the university's drama group.
She had a great success portraying the troublesome teenager Corliss Archer in the 1943 hit comedy play Kiss and Tell.
She was murdered in the series and that was the premise for the whole plot.
Caulfield has a star at 1500 Vine Street in the Television section of the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
In 1950, Caulfield married the film producer Frank Ross, with whom she had a son, Caulfield Kevin Ross.
She later married Robert Peterson, a dentist, with whom she had her second son, John Caulfield Peterson.
She was born in Butler, Pennsylvania, and died at the age of 55 of cancer in New York City.
She was married twice, first to David McKay, then to Dr. Charles C. Hogan. 
 Joan Chen Joan Chen is a Chinese-American actress, film director, screenwriter, and film producer.
At age 20, Chen moved to the United States, where she studied filmmaking at California State University, Northridge.
In 1996, she was a member of the jury at the 46th Berlin International Film Festival.
Chen married her second husband, cardiologist Peter Hui, on January 18, 1992.
 Joan Copeland Joan Copeland is an American actress and the younger sister of celebrated playwright Arthur Miller.
Copeland was born Joan Maxine Miller to a middle-class Jewish family in New York City.
Her father, Isidore, was a woman's clothes manufacturer, and her mother, Augusta , was a schoolteacher and a housewife.
She is the younger sister of the late playwright Arthur Miller, and was briefly sister-in-law to Marilyn Monroe.
She was married to George J. Kupchik from 1946 until his death in 1989, an engineer, with whom she has one son, Eric.
Her film career has been sporadic and her appearances have been almost exclusively in prominent secondary roles.
In the 1930s, Crawford's fame rivaled, and later outlasted, MGM colleagues Norma Shearer and Greta Garbo.
In 1955, she became involved with the Pepsi-Cola Company through her marriage to company Chairman Alfred Steele.
Her first three marriages ended in divorce; the last ended with the death of husband Alfred Steele.
Crawford's relationships with her two older children, Christina and Christopher, were acrimonious.
Anna Bell Johnson was of English, French Huguenot, Swedish, and Irish ancestry.
However, after his death on January 1, 1938, his age was given as 71.
The family lived in Lawton, Oklahoma, where Cassin, a minor impresario, ran the Ramsey Opera House.
Cassin was first listed in the City Directory in 1917, living at 403 East Ninth Street.
In 1922, she registered at Stephens College in Columbia, Missouri, giving her year of birth as 1906.
She attended Stephens for only a few months before withdrawing after she realized she was not prepared for college.
Rapf notified Granlund on December 24, 1924 that Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer had offered Crawford a contract at $75 a week.
She departed Kansas City on December 26 and arrived in Culver City, California on January 1, 1925.
She stated that she learned more about acting from watching Chaney work than from anyone else in her career.
Fairbanks was the son of Douglas Fairbanks and the stepson of Mary Pickford, who were considered Hollywood royalty.
Following that first invitation, Crawford and Fairbanks, Jr. became more frequent guests, which was hard on Crawford.
While the Fairbanks men played golf together, Crawford was left either with Pickford or alone.
Although the film had problems with censors, it was a major success at the time of its release.
Three of them teamed her opposite the studio's biggest male star and King of Hollywood, Clark Gable.
Receiving third billing, she played the middle-class stenographer to Beery's controlling general director.
It was the highest-grossing movie of the year, and won the Academy Award for Best Picture.
Soon after this movie's release, a plagiarism suit forced MGM to withdraw it.
She remained on the list for the next several years, last appearing on it in 1936.
Crawford's films of this era were some of the most-popular and highest-grossing films of the mid-1930s.
After Tone reportedly began drinking and becoming physically abusive, she filed for divorce, which was granted in 1939.
Crawford and Tone much later rekindled their friendship and Tone even proposed in 1964 that they remarry.
When he died in 1968, Crawford arranged for him to be cremated and his ashes scattered at Muskoka Lakes, Canada.
It was well received by critics and made a larger profit than the studio had expected.
It also ran a financial loss, becoming one of MGM's biggest failures of the year.
The list was submitted by Harry Brandt, president of the Independent Theatre Owners Association of America.
While the film was only a moderate box office success, her performance was hailed by many critics.
Together the couple adopted a son whom they named Christopher, but his birth mother reclaimed the child.
After eighteen years, Crawford's contract with MGM was terminated by mutual consent on June 29, 1943.
In lieu of the last film remaining under her contract, MGM bought her out for $100,000.
For $500,000, Crawford signed with Warner Brothers for a three movie deal and was placed on the payroll on July 1, 1943.
For several years, she reigned as one of the most respected and most successful actresses in Hollywood.
By this time she felt Warners was losing interest in her and she decided it was time to move on.
Crawford adopted two more children in 1947, identical twins whom she named Cindy and Cathy.
Crawford married her fourth and final husband, Alfred Steele, at the Flamingo Hotel in Las Vegas on May 10, 1955.
Crawford and Steele met at a party in 1950 when Steele was an executive at PepsiCo.
Alfred Steele would later be named Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Pepsi Cola.
However, by the early 1960s, Crawford's status in motion pictures had declined considerably.
Despite the actresses' earlier tensions, Crawford reportedly suggested Bette Davis for the role of Jane.
After filming was completed, their public comments against each other propelled their animosity into a lifelong feud.
Davis claimed for the rest of her life that Crawford had campaigned against her, a charge Crawford denied.
She also spoke at Stephens College, which she had attended for four months in 1922.
In September 1973, Crawford moved from apartment 22-G to a smaller apartment next door at the Imperial House.
Crawford cancelled all public appearances, began declining interviews and left her apartment less and less.
While on antibiotics for this problem in October 1974, her drinking caused her to black out, slip and strike her face.
She died two days later at her New York apartment from a heart attack, while also reportedly ill with cancer.
A funeral was held at Campbell Funeral Home, New York, on May 13, 1977.
Crawford was also voted the tenth greatest female star in the of classic American cinema by the American Film Institute.
Born as Vivian Giesen in Tarrytown, New York to a French mother and a father of German/French descent.
The first season premiered on January 9, 2011, and had its first finale March 27, 2011.
She is married to attorney Richard Burke, President and CEO of VISANOW Global Immigration, since 1993.
Cusack owns a home in Three Oaks Township, Michigan, and lives in Chicago, Illinois. 
 Joan Davis Joan Davis was an American comedic actress whose career spanned vaudeville, film, radio and television.
Born Madonna Josephine Davis in Saint Paul, Minnesota, Davis had been a performer since childhood.
Not to forget TAILSPIN as a supporting actor, for the women's Bendix Air Race circuit.
Davis then began a series of shows that established her as a top star of radio situation comedy throughout the 1940s.
When Vallee left for the Coast Guard in 1943, Davis and Jack Haley became the co-hosts of the show.
Ironically, in its original syndicated run, the series was extremely popular and received high ratings.
The premise of this proposed series had Davis playing a musical comedy entertainer who had raised a daughter on her own.
On May 22, 1961, Davis died of a heart attack at the age of 53 at her home in Palm Springs, California.
Dixon's career, while under contract at RKO Pictures, was in the hands of Howard Hughes.
He attempted but failed to make her into the star he made of Jane Russell .
The loan commitment was made as part of a sales accord following losses sustained by RKO in the previous two years.
Briskin was formerly the husband of Betty Hutton, having married and divorced her twice.
Dixon and Briskin were married in a surprise ceremony in the wedding chapel of the Flamingo Hotel, Las Vegas, Nevada.
Their marriage lasted but three weeks, with Miss Dixon leaving Briskin in early November 1952.
The actress appeared in ten films , co-starring in a number of cowboy pictures with Tim Holt.
She also performed as a vocalist at Dean Martin's nightclub, Dino's Lodge in Los Angeles, California, in December 1960.
When Evans was seventeen years old, she announced that she would marry a car salesman named Kirby Weatherly.
Evans's marriage to Weatherly lasted, but the friendship between Evans's parents and Crawford ended.
 Joan Fontaine Joan de Beauvoir de Havilland , known professionally as Joan Fontaine, was a British-American actress.
Fontaine began her career on the stage in 1935 and signed a contract with RKO Pictures that same year.
Fontaine and her elder sister Olivia de Havilland are the only set of siblings to have won lead acting Academy Awards.
During the 1940s to the 1990s, Fontaine continued her career in roles on the stage and in radio, television and film.
After a career spanning over fifty years, Fontaine made her last on-screen appearance in 1994.
Fontaine lived in Carmel Highlands, California, where she owned a home, Villa Fontana.
It was there that she died of natural causes at the age of 96 in 2013.
She was educated at Los Gatos High School, and was soon taking diction lessons alongside her elder sister.
When she was 16 years old, Fontaine returned to Japan to live with her father.
Fontaine's luck changed one night at a dinner party when she found herself seated next to producer David O. Selznick.
In 1940, the film was released to glowing reviews, and Fontaine was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress.
This was to be the only Academy Award-winning acting performance to have been directed by Hitchcock.
Her film successes slowed a little during the 1950s, and she also began appearing in television and on the stage.
She left her hand and foot prints in front of the Grauman's Chinese Theatre on May 26, 1942.
Fontaine held dual citizenship; she was British by birthright and became an American citizen in April 1943.
Her first marriage was to actor Brian Aherne, in 1939 in Del Monte, California; they divorced in April 1945.
Fontaine's third marriage was to producer and writer Collier Young on November 12, 1952.
Fontaine met Martita while visiting Incan ruins where Martita's father worked as a caretaker.
Martita's parents allowed Fontaine to become Martita's legal guardian in order to give the child a better life.
Fontaine promised Martita's parents she would send the girl back to Peru to visit when Martita was 16 years old.
Fontaine and her sister, Olivia de Havilland, are the only set of siblings to have won lead acting Academy Awards.
Subsequently, Fontaine had to invent a name, taking first Joan Burfield, and later Joan Fontaine.
De Havilland and Fontaine were both nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress in 1942.
Instead, de Havilland sent a telegram, which did not arrive until two weeks later at Fontaine's next stop.
According to Fontaine, de Havilland did not invite her to a memorial service for their mother.
De Havilland claims she informed Fontaine, but Fontaine brushed her off, claiming she was too busy to attend.
On December 15, 2013, Fontaine died in her sleep of natural causes at the age of 96 in her Carmel Highlands home.

 Joan Hotchkis Joan Hotchkis is an American stage, screen and television actress, writer and performance artist.
The Great Depression caused financial difficulties for the family in the mid-1930s, with her father losing his job.
As a result, the three sisters entered show business as vaudeville performers to support the family.
As an attempt to bypass child labor laws at the time, both Mary and Joan pretended to be older than they were.
When Leslie was nine, she told child labor investigators that she was 16 years old.
She was given a six-month contract with the studio, earning US$200 per week.
She played Taylor's younger sister Marie Jeanette, but her speaking scenes were deleted and she was uncredited.
MGM had trouble finding suitable roles for her and she was let go by the studio along with Deanna Durbin.
Leslie returned to Hollywood with the rest of her family, working for different studios as a freelancer.
She was chosen for the part because the director was searching for an actress with a southern accent.
Two weeks later, the then 15-year-old actress was asked to do a screen test while unaware which movie it was for.
The film received eight Oscar nominations, including a Best Actor Award for James Cagney.
However, studio executive Jack L. Warner felt she was unsuitable and the part went to Joan Fontaine.
Her sister, actress Betty Brodel, briefly played herself in the film as well.
By 1946, Leslie was growing increasingly dissatisfied with the roles offered to her by the studio.
As a result of this, Jack Warner used his influence to blacklist her from other major Hollywood studios.
In 1947, she signed a two-picture contract with the poverty row studio Eagle-Lion Films.
The film was distributed by MGM, the studio in which she began her film career in 1936.
In the early 1950s, Leslie chose to focus on raising her daughters, which resulted in a more irregular film career.
However, she continued making sporadic appearances in television shows while her children were at school.
Their identical twin daughters, Patrice and Ellen, were born on January 7, 1951.
 Joan Lowell Helen Joan Lowell was a movie actress of the silent film era from Berkeley, California.
She lived on the ship, with its all-male crew, until she was 17.
She became skilled in the art of seamanship and once harpooned a whale by herself.
In fact, the book was a fabrication; Lowell had been on the ship, which remained safe in California, for only 15 months.
Lowell feared that her father, Captain Nicholas Wagner , had died on December 24, 1924.
Newspapers reported his ship, the Oceanic Vance, sank off the coast of Mexico.
The Oceanic Vance had lost her convoy, the schooner Westerner, on Christmas Eve, 1924.
Lowell continued to live in the smaller of two old stone houses on the property.
Lowell liked the country, her horses, and books, while Buchanan preferred city life.
 Joan Marsh Joan Marsh , born Nancy Ann Rosher, and briefly known as Dorothy D. Rosher, was an American film actress.
She later managed a stationery shop, and died in Ojai, California in 2000. 
Joan married director Hal Ashby in August 1969; the couple remained together until Ashby died in 1988.
The couple relocated to Jamaica where they remained until Marshall died in 1992 from contracting AIDS. 
 Joan McCall Joan McCall is an American screenwriter, producer, actress and religious minister.
 Joan Meredith Joan Meredith was an American silent film actress during Hollywood's early years.
However, her career never really took off as hoped, and she would leave acting behind after only six films.
Joan Marie O'Brien was born to David and Rita O'Brien on Valentine's Day 1936, in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Lawrence Welk hired O'Brien as a one-week replacement for his champagne lady Alice Lon in July 1959.
That same year, O'Brien performed as a soloist for composer Buddy Bregman at the Moulin Rouge night club in Los Angeles.
After her acting career ended, O'Brien sang with the Harry James band in 1968. 
 Joan Perry Joan Perry , born Elizabeth Rosiland Miller, was an American film actress, model, and singer.
Perry was born in Pensacola, Florida, the daughter of Laura Ophelia Satterwhite and Fred A. Miller.
Joan Perry died from emphysema in September 1996 at age 85 in Montecito, California. 

Roberts was born Josephine Rose Seagrist in Manhattan, New York and first appeared on stage at age 6.
The program was a summer replacement for Fred Allen's show but was extended when Allen did not return as scheduled.
, but the show's librettist Oscar Hammerstein cast her as the female lead, Laurey.
and the only one who played a principal role , along with George S. Irving, Marc Platt, and Bambi Linn.
On August 13, 2012, Roberts died of congestive heart failure, aged 95, according to her son.
She died in Beverly Hills, California on December 18, 1968 after accidentally overdosing on influenza medication.
Tetzel died October 31, 1977, at her home Beri-Be-Dahn, Fairwarp, Sussex, England, aged 56, from cancer. 
 Joan Tewkesbury Joan Tewkesbury is an American film and television director, screenwriter, producer and actress.
In 1938, at the age of twenty-three, she joined Henry Fonda in performing plays in White Plains, New York.
The couple married sometime after Swenson and his first wife, the former Virginia Hanscom , divorced.
He then faces the task of denying he is a killer but merely a liar.
Angel Tompkins appears in the film as Gould's mistress, with Dabney Coleman cast as her husband.
She resided in Dana Point in Orange County, California, at the time of her death at the age of eighty-nine.
For this role, she won the Soap Opera Digest Award for Best Actress in 1986 and 1989.
She grew up in Boulder, Colorado, with three siblings: Carol, Mark and Dexter.
Van Ark was one of the few students to attend the graduate program without first having earned an undergraduate degree.
Van Ark also performed the voice of Spider-Woman in the short-lived 1979 animated series of the same name.
The couple's only child, voice actress/performer Vanessa Marshall, was born in October 1969. 
Later she became a contract actress with Warner Bros. where she remained until her contract ended in 1954.
Ankrum was 1 of 4 children, having one older sister and two younger brothers.
Joan got her start in acting with Pasadena Playhouse, where she met her husband Morris.
They were married on August 16, 1935 in Benbow, California, and had 2 sons, David and Cary.
She later founded the Ankrum Gallery, an art gallery for Morris Ankrum's deaf nephew, Morris Broderson.
She lived out most of her later life in the Los Angeles, California area where she died on December 20, 2001. 
 Joan Woodbury Joan Woodbury was an American actress beginning in the 1930s and continuing well into the 1960s.
Woodbury appeared in fifteen films from 1934 through 1935, of which ten were uncredited.
However, of the three roles that were credited, Woodbury made an impact, and caught the attention of studios.
Woodbury would appear in fifty films from 1937 to 1945, almost all of which were credited.
Bartels was born in Dorchester, Massachusetts, a suburb of Boston on May 21, 1953.
Her father was a native of Southport, North Carolina and her mother was a native of Sharon, Massachusetts.
She attended Milton Academy and then Smith College, from which she graduated in 1956 as a member of Phi Beta Kappa.
Barnes received the college's award for poetry, the immediate successor to Sylvia Plath for that recognition.
Her research for a magazine article about making movies led to a career change to acting.
Barnes moved to Los Angeles soon after finishing her education, and took up a contract with Columbia Pictures.
In the 1998 remake starring Lindsey Lohan, she played Vicki Blake, the mother of the gold-digging girlfriend character.
With acting, if you win an Oscar or an Emmy, you have to thank everybody.
On April 30, 1955, Barnes married Richard Edward Herndon; they later divorced.
On June 24, 1962, she married actor Lawrence Dobkin; they divorced on January 16, 1967.

Cassidy was born Joanna Virginia Caskey in Haddonfield, New Jersey, the daughter of Virginia and Joe Caskey.
During her time there, she married Kennard C. Kobrin in 1964, a doctor in residency, and found work as a fashion model.
The couple moved to San Francisco, where her husband set up a psychiatric practice while Cassidy continued modeling.
Cassidy was considered for the role of Wonder Woman for a television series, but lost it to Lynda Carter.


Her father, David Thomas DeVarona, was an insurance agent, and her mother, Martha Louise , was a clothing store manager.
She has an older brother and a younger brother, as well as an older sister.
Her older sister, Donna de Varona, is a famed Olympic gold medal swimmer, who won 2 gold medals in the 1964 Olympics.
Joanna tried swimming, but realized it was not her sport, so she switched to gymnastics.
In fact, Joanna became so good at gymnastics that she competed in the Olympic trials in 1968 and ranked 14th out of 28 .
The sitcom was about three couples who all lived under the same roof in California.
Kerns and Thicke's chemistry won them both the parts, and the two became great friends off the show.
Kerns was a member of the Motion Picture and Television Fund Board of Trustees from 2004 through 2008.
In 1974, Kerns met commercial producer, Richard Kerns, on the set of a commercial and they married 2 years later.
She has written two acting guides and is a faculty member of New York University's graduate acting program.
Merlin graduated from UCLA and later studied under Michael Chekhov, learning his world-renowned acting technique.
She has been described as the last student of Michael Chekhov who is still alive and teaching.
In the latter role, she appeared in every season between the years 2000 and 2011.
She immigrated to the United States, and was naturalized a citizen, in 1941.
She was a graduate of The Putney School, a progressive independent high school in Putney, Vermont in 1958.
Born as Joan Letitia LaCock in Logan, West Virginia, Dru came to New York City in 1940 at the age of eighteen.
For her contribution to the television industry, Dru was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Before moving to Hollywood, Dru met and married popular singer Dick Haymes in 1941.
The couple had three children: Richard Ralph Haymes , Helen Joanna Haymes , Barbara Nugent Haymes .
She was a staunch Republican and appeared at a 1968 GOP cocktail party fundraiser for Richard Nixon.
Linville and actress Irene Gilbert co-founded the Stella Adler Academy in Los Angeles in 1985.
 Joanne Woodward Joanne Gignilliat Trimmier Woodward is an American actress, producer, activist, and philanthropist.
During rehearsals, she mentioned this incident to him, and he told her that he remembered her doing it.
They moved once again when she was a junior in high school, after her parents divorced.
She starred in five films that Newman directed or produced but in which he did not star: Later career.
Woodward served as the artistic director of the Westport Country Playhouse from 2001 to 2005.
Woodward was reported to have been engaged to author Gore Vidal prior to marrying Paul Newman.
However, there was no real engagement: Vidal later claimed it was just a stunt to attract Newman's attention.
Woodward shared a house with Vidal in Los Angeles for a short time, and they remained friends.
The couple remained married for 50 years, until Newman's death from lung cancer on September 26, 2008.
In 1990, Woodward graduated from Sarah Lawrence College, along with her daughter Clea.
Howland made her first appearance on the New York Stage in 1899 managed by Daniel Frohman.
She typically played the kind of roles she had mastered on the stage, the domineering but dependable support.
Howland was married once to Arthur Stringer but the marriage didn't last and was dissolved.
Ralston's mother, a portrait photographer, carefully groomed her daughter for a show business career.
Comedian Max Linder saw her on stage and persuaded her to go to Hollywood, where she appeared in a number of his films.
In 1923 she was named by the film industry as one of the WAMPAS Baby Stars.
It is for these performances and her onscreen chemistry with Lloyd that she is best remembered today.
She had a feature role in the film, which also featured Clara Bow, Gary Cooper, and Buddy Rogers.
They had one child, actor Richard Arlen, Jr. Ralston and Arlen divorced in 1945.
During the last five years of her life Ralston suffered from rheumatism and had a series of strokes.
She died in 1967 from pneumonia at the Motion Picture Country Home in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles, California.
Donahue is a native of Bristol, Connecticut, and a graduate of Bristol Central High School class of 1999.
In campaigns for Ketel One and Old Navy, she worked with directors David O. Russell and Roman Coppola. 
Her mother, Dorothy Brando, had given Henry Fonda his start in theater in this same group.
I asked him for a tip about pictures, and he answered, 'Oh, I just say the words.
It is merely coincidence that the Redbook writer in the movie has the same name as the actress.
In later life, Brando ran her own bookstore in Santa Monica, California, known as The Book Bin.
Jocelyn Brando had two sons, Gahan Hanmer, by actor Don Hanmer, and Martin Asinof, by writer Eliot Asinof.
She is a writer as well, with screenplays, stage plays, published short stories and poems to her credit.
O'Keefe started her career as a model at the age of 8 years old, and she did some modeling work for a Jeans company.
On June 22, 2011, O'Keefe started her own clothing line, Queen George Clothing.

In the late 1960s and early 1970s, she worked in several primetime television series and starred in children's films.
He was a Yale graduate and a decorated U.S. Air Force lieutenant colonel, and made his career as a real estate broker.
He had already been married once and had three sons from the union before marrying Brandy in Las Vegas in 1953.
Their marriage ended before Foster was born, and she never established a relationship with her father.
Foster was a gifted child, and learned to read at the age of three.
She also understands Italian although does not speak it, as well as a little Spanish and German.
At her graduation in 1980, she delivered the valedictorian address for the school's French division.
Although already a successful actor by this time, Foster then attended Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut.
Foster was accidentally grabbed by the lion on set, which left her with permanent scars on her back.
After its release, Foster did not appear in any new releases until 1980, the year she turned eighteen.
None of them were however successful, and after graduating in 1985, Foster struggled to find work.
The film focuses on the aftermath of a gang rape and its survivor's fight for justice on the face of victim blaming.
Foster was initially unhappy with her performance, and feared that it would end her career.
Despite her enthusiasm, director Jonathan Demme did not initially want to cast her, but the producers overruled him.
Demme's view of Foster changed during the production, and he later credited her for helping him define the character.
The film was released in February 1991, and became one of the biggest hits of the year, grossing nearly $273 million.
Much of the criticism was directed towards Foster, whom the critics alleged was herself a lesbian.
Both films were box office hits, earning over $140 and $183 million respectively.
And I was rotated on a lazy Susan with the camera moving on a computerized arm.
The film was a commercial success and earned Foster a Saturn Award and a nomination for a Golden Globe.
She also had an asteroid, 17744 Jodiefoster, named in her honor in 1998.
Foster was paid $15 million to portray Leonowens, making her one of the highest-paid female actors in Hollywood.
In addition to being a box office success, the film also received largely positive reviews.
The film received mixed reviews, and flopped at the box office, largely due to the controversy surrounding its star.
In January 2013, Foster received the honorary Cecil B. DeMille Award at the 70th Golden Globe Awards.
I want to make sure that I feel passionate about the movies I do because it is a big sacrifice.
I take pains to give my family a real religious basis, a knowledge, because it's being well educated.
The incident made her subject to intense media attention, and she had to be accompanied by bodyguards on campus.
The experience was very difficult for Foster, and she has rarely commented on it publicly.
While in high school, she and actor Matthew Morrison performed in musical theatre together.
In 2002, at age 20, Sweetin married her first husband, Los Angeles Police officer Shaun Holguin.
Sweetin met Cody Herpin, a film transportation coordinator, through friends, and they started dating in May 2007.
Together they have one daughter, Zoie Laurelmae Herpin, born April 12, 2008.
Sweetin and Coyle became engaged in January 2011, and married on March 15, 2012 in Beverly Hills.
She spoke about growing up on television and about how much her life had improved since getting sober. 
Her first big break came in 1949 when she was signed to a 7-year contract with Columbia Pictures, earning $250 per week.
As the leading lady in three major movies, Jody was on her way to becoming a star.
Unsure of her singing ability, Jody asked to be replaced by another actor who would be better suited for the role.
It is unknown if it was because of contractual obligations, or simply a spelling mistake.
Jody explained her situation and Burt vowed to help get her back into show business.
Now a blonde, Jody's career was reignited and Paramount Pictures signed her to a contract, earning $300 a week.
In 1957, just as her career was getting back on track, Paramount suddenly released Jody from her contract.
Her daughter, Victoria, was born in Los Angeles on October 6, 1957.
Playing golf, camping and going on fishing trips, were a regular part of life together for almost 25 years.
As Josephine Lawrance Herre, she died at age 55 in Ojai, California on July 10, 1986.
Her father, Jimmy, was in the U.S. Army and the family moved often throughout the United States.
She lives and works in New York with her husband Andy Bates—an editor, producer, and cinematographer.
Fisher was born in Burbank, California, the daughter of singer Eddie Fisher and actress Connie Stevens.
Her parents divorced when she was age two, and she was raised by her mother.
Fisher began performing on stage in her mother's Las Vegas act at age seven.
She and Tricia toured the world with Stevens, attending many different schools and having tutors.
The family lives in Los Angeles next to Fisher's sister Tricia, with whom she is very close.
She traveled to Xai-Xai, Mozambique, to visit with children that are part of the child sponsorship programs. 
Davenie Johanna Heatherton was born and raised in Rockville Centre, New York, a suburb of New York City.
Each episode would involve Ray Heatherton waxing nostalgic over life with his daughter while rooting through his attic.
In April 1969, Heatherton married Lance Rentzel, a wide receiver for the Dallas Cowboys, in New York City.
After her arrest, Heatherton told police who she was, but they did not believe her.
While looking through Heatherton's purse, the officer found a foil packet with less than a gram of cocaine.
 Joey Lauren Adams Joey Lauren Adams is an American actress and director who has appeared in more than forty films.
The film, shot on location in Little Rock, Arkansas, was selected for the 2006 Sundance Film Festival.
It doesn't fit into people's preconceptions about what a woman's voice should sound like.
Adams was born in North Little Rock, Arkansas, the youngest of three children.



 Johari Johnson Johari Johnson is an American actress, director, comedian, screenwriter and producer.
 John Adams John Adams, Jr. was an American lawyer, author, statesman, and diplomat.
Adams was a political theorist in the Age of Enlightenment who promoted republicanism and a strong central government.
He was also a dedicated diarist and correspondent, particularly with his wife and key advisor Abigail.
He was the first U.S. president to reside in the executive mansion, now known as the White House.
Adams was the father of John Quincy Adams, the sixth President of the United States.
John Adams, Jr. was born on October 30, 1735 , to John Adams, Sr. and Susanna Boylston .
Adams' birthplace was Quincy, Massachusetts and is now part of Adams National Historical Park.
John Adams, Sr., a descendant of Puritans, continued that religious tradition as a Congregationalist deacon.
He was also a farmer, a cordwainer, and a lieutenant in the militia.
Adams, as the eldest child, was under a mandate from his parents to obtain a formal education.
Deacon Adams also retained a new school master, Joseph Marsh, and his son responded positively.
degree, he taught school for a few years in Worcester, Massachusetts while pondering his permanent vocation.
Adams followed the usual course of reading the law in order obtain his license to practice.
In 1756 he became an apprentice in the office of John Putnam, a leading lawyer in Worcester.
Even so, Adams often found his inborn contentiousness to be a constraint in his political career.
In 1770, a street confrontation, known as the Boston Massacre, resulted in British soldiers killing five civilians.
The accused soldiers were arrested on criminal charges and expectedly had trouble finding legal representation.
Adams ultimately agreed to defend them, though he feared it would hurt his reputation.
Two of them who had fired directly into the crowd were charged with murder but were convicted only of manslaughter.
His law practice increased greatly from this exposure, as did the demands on his time.
I am in it by 6 in the Morning – I am in it at 9 at night.
In the Evening, I can be alone at my Office, and no where else.
He purchased a large brick house on Queen Street, not far from his office.
Governor Thomas Hutchinson and his judges until 1772 received their salaries from the Massachusetts legislature.
Their original charter, as well as their allegiance, was exclusively with the king.
Massachusetts sent Adams to the first and second Continental Congresses in 1774 and from 1775 to 1777 respectively.
His influence in Congress was great, and he then argued in favor of permanent severance from Britain.
Prior tradition suggested that a society's form of government need not be codified in a single document.
He did so in separate letters to these colleagues, each missive a bit longer and more thoughtful.
So impressed was Richard Henry Lee that, with Adams's consent, he had the most comprehensive letter printed.
Many historians agree that none of Adams' other compositions rivaled the enduring influence of this pamphlet.
Once the resolution passed, independence became inevitable, though it still had to be declared formally.
Although the first draft was written primarily by Jefferson, Adams assumed a primary role in its completion.
Howe's authority was premised on the Colonists' submission, so no common ground was to be found.
Indeed, while Jefferson was laboring over the Declaration of Independence, Adams worked on the Model Treaty.
Adams joined Franklin and Arthur Lee in 1778 as a commissioner to France, replacing Silas Deane.
Adams' ship was later pursued by several British frigates in the mid-Atlantic, but evaded them.
Later, a cannon malfunction killed one and injured five more of the crew before the ship arrived in France.
Back home, Adams became one of the founders and charter members of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1780.
He also negotiated a loan of five million guilders financed by Nicolaas van Staphorst and Wilhelm Willink.
By 1794 a total of eleven loans were granted in Amsterdam to the United States with a value of 29 million guilders.
The house that Adams bought during this stay in The Netherlands became the first American-owned embassy on foreign soil.
In 1784 and 1785, he was one of the architects of extensive trade relations between the United States and Prussia.
Adams was appointed in 1785 the first American minister to the Court of St. James's .
In it he repudiated the views of Turgot and other European writers as to the viciousness of state government frameworks.
Representatives in the government enjoyed mere portions of the people's power and only for a limited time.
Adams was unsurpassed in his dedication to establishing checks and balances as a governing strategem.
Due to a delay in the decision of the electoral college, Adams first presided over the Senate on April 21.
Beyond Adams' nominal position in the Senate , he otherwise played a minor role in the politics of the early 1790s.
Washington seldom asked Adams for input on policy and legal issues during his tenure as vice president.
The essence of the whole will be that Dr. Franklin's electrical Rod smote the Earth and out sprung General Washington.
Adams vowed he would resign if elected to the second place spot of vice-president under Jefferson.
In keeping with the current practice, Adams stayed in his home town rather than actively campaign for the Presidency.
His party, however, campaigned for him, while the Democratic-Republicans campaigned for Jefferson.
Many felt he was oblivious to the political danger of such a decision, in light of the cabinet's loyalty to Hamilton.
Although aware of the Hamilton factor, Adams was convinced their retention ensured a smoother succession.
The Quasi-War with France resulted in the detachment from European affairs that Washington had sought.
It also had psychological benefits, allowing America to view itself as holding its own against a European power.
Adams' resolve to advance peace with France, rather than to continue hostilities, especially reduced his popularity.
The French had supported Jefferson for president and became even more belligerent at his loss.
When Adams entered office, he decided to continue Washington's policy of staying out of the European war.
The intense battle over the Jay Treaty in 1795 had previously polarized politics throughout the nation.
The pro-French Jeffersonians lost support and quickly became the minority as many began to demand full-scale war.
The affair heightened fears of sedition by the administration's opponents and legislation was introduced in response.
This was the undeclared naval war between the U.S. and France–the Quasi-War which broke out in 1798.
It became apparent that Hamilton was truly in charge due to Washington's advanced years.
To pay for the military buildup, Congress imposed new taxes on property: the Direct Tax of 1798.
Hamilton assumed control in the War department, and the rift between Adams' and Hamilton's supporters widened.
Overall, however, patriotic sentiments and a series of naval victories, popularized the war as well as the president.
In February 1799, Adams surprised many by sending diplomat William Vans Murray on a peace mission to France.
Napoleon, realizing that the conflict was pointless, signaled his readiness for friendly relations.
As the hostility sweeping Europe bled over into America, calls for secession began to reach new heights.
These statutes were designed to mitigate the threat of secessionists by disallowing their most extreme firebrands.
Although Adams had not promoted any of these acts, he signed them into law.
The acts became controversial from prosecution thereunder of a Congressman and a number of newspaper editors.
The Acts as well allowed for prosecution of many who opposed the Federalists, even on the floor of Congress.
The death of Washington in 1799 weakened the Federalists, as they lost the one man who united the party.
In the end, Adams lost narrowly to Jefferson by 65 to 73 electoral votes, with New York providing the decisive margin.
After his defeat in the hotly contested election, Adams was depressed when he left office.
Their letters represent an insight into both the period and the minds of the two revolutionary leaders and Presidents.
The missives lasted fourteen years, and consisted of 158 letters–109 from Adams and 49 from Jefferson.
Birth and wealth are conferred on some men as imperiously by nature, as genius, strength, or beauty.
He also was against use of black soldiers in the Revolution, due to opposition from southerners.
Such denials did not assuage his critics, and Adams was often accused of being a Monarchist.
This was published between 1850 and 1856 by Charles C. Little and James Brown in Boston.
Kennedy's time in office is also marked by high tensions with communist states, Cuba in particular.
Thereafter, he served in the U.S. Senate from that state from 1953 until 1960.
Kennedy defeated Vice President and Republican candidate Richard Nixon in the 1960 U.S. Presidential Election.
At age 43, he was the youngest man to have been elected to the office, the second-youngest president .
Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas, Texas on November 22, 1963 by a sniper at the Texas School Book Depository.
Lee Harvey Oswald was arrested that afternoon as a person of interest in the crime.
Details of Kennedy's health problems with which he struggled have become better known, especially since the 1990s.
The assassination had an effect on many people, not only in the U.S. but around the world.
However, impelled by the civil rights demonstrations of Martin Luther King, Kennedy in 1963 proposed legislative action.
Some excerpts of Kennedy's inaugural address are engraved on a plaque at his grave at Arlington.
He also served as a diplomat, a Senator and member of the House of Representatives.
He was a member of the Federalist, Democratic-Republican, National Republican, and later Anti-Masonic and Whig parties.
Historians agree he was one of the greatest diplomats and secretaries of state in American history.
Adams enacted a part of his agenda and paid off much of the national debt.
More recently, he has been portrayed as the exemplar and moral leader in an era of modernization.
Animated by his growing revulsion against slavery, Adams became a leading opponent of the Slave Power.
He predicted that if a civil war were to break out, the president could abolish slavery by using his powers.
He was named for his mother's maternal grandfather, Colonel John Quincy, after whom Quincy, Massachusetts, is named.
In 1779, Adams began a diary that he kept until just before he died in 1848.
He spent time in Finland, Sweden, and Denmark and, in 1804, published a travel report of Silesia.
Upon entering Harvard he had already translated Virgil, Horace, Plutarch, and Aristotle.
He entered Harvard College and was graduated in 1787 with a Bachelor of Arts degree, Phi Beta Kappa.
He apprenticed as an attorney with Theophilus Parsons in Newburyport, Massachusetts, from 1787 to 1789.
On his way to the Netherlands, he was to deliver a set of documents to John Jay, who was negotiating the Jay Treaty.
When the elder Adams became president, he appointed his son in 1797 as Minister to Prussia at Washington's urging.
Adams remains the only president to have married a First Lady born outside of the United States.
John Quincy Adams was elected a member of the Massachusetts State Senate in April 1802.
In November 1802 he ran as a Federalist for the United States House of Representatives and lost.
The Federalist-controlled Massachusetts Legislature chose a replacement for Adams on June 3, 1808, several months early.
On June 8, Adams broke with the Federalists, resigned his Senate seat, and became a Republican.
While a member of the Senate, Adams also served as a professor of logic at Brown University.
Adams was influenced by the classical republican ideal of civic eloquence espoused by British philosopher David Hume.
President James Madison appointed Adams as the first ever United States Minister to Russia in 1809 .
After resigning his post at Harvard, Adams and his wife Louisa boarded a merchant ship in Boston on Aug. 5, 1809.
Their youngest son was with them during the long and tedious voyage to St. Petersburg.
Their voyage was temporarily interrupted outside the southern coast of Norway due to the Gunboat War.
Norway was under Danish rule at the time, so the officer and pirates were actually Norwegian.
The voyage to St. Petersburg resumed but was once again stopped by a British squadron.
Because of the many delays, the Adams' did not arrive in St. Petersburg until October 23, 1809.
This was the same mansion Adams had dined in 1781, as secretary of Francis Dana.
Tsar Alexander I received Adams alone in his cabinet where he expressed his pleasure at Adams' appointment.
Adams was also given private audiences with the empress and the dowager empress, who also received Louisa Adams.
In 1812, Adams reported the news of Napoleon's invasion of Russia and Napoleon's disastrous retreat.
However, this rejection did not occur until after Gallatin and Bayard had already left for St. Petersburg.
Adams was well liked by the Russian Court and often would be met on walks by Alexander.
The tsar asked Adams if he would be taking a house in the country over the summer.
Adams was a man who endeavored to live within the means provided by the American government.
Often these events would last until 4 a.m., so Adams stopped attending those he was able to avoid.
Adams served as Secretary of State in the Cabinet of President James Monroe from 1817 until 1825.
As Secretary of State, he negotiated the Adams–Onís Treaty , the Treaty of 1818, and wrote the Monroe Doctrine.
Many historians regard him as one of the greatest Secretaries of State in American history.
President Monroe and all his cabinet, except Adams, believed Jackson had exceeded his instructions.
Adams foresaw what would befall the United States if it sacrificed its republican spirit on the altar of empire.
From this, Adams authored what came to be known as the Monroe Doctrine, which was introduced on December 2, 1823.
His opponents included John C. Calhoun, William H. Crawford, Henry Clay, and the hero of New Orleans, Andrew Jackson.
During the campaign Calhoun dropped out, and Crawford fell ill giving further support to the other candidates.
Adams served as the sixth President of the United States from March 4, 1825, to March 4, 1829.
He took the oath of office on a book of constitutional law, instead of the more traditional Bible.
He favored a high tariff to encourage the building of factories, and restricted land sales to slow the movement west.
Opposition from the states' rights faction of a hostile congress killed many of his proposals.
Jackson defeated Adams in 1828, and created the modern Democratic party thus inaugurating the Second Party System.
The support for his proposals was mixed, mainly due to opposition from Jackson's followers.
One of the issues which divided the administration was protective tariffs, of which Henry Clay was a leading advocate.
By signing into law the Tariff of 1828, quite unpopular in parts of the south, he further antagonized the Jacksonians.
Settlers on the frontier, who were constantly seeking to move westward, cried for a more expansionist policy.
When the federal government tried to assert authority on behalf of the Cherokees, the governor of Georgia took up arms.
In contrast, Andrew Jackson and Martin Van Buren instigated the policy of Indian removal to the west .
Public opinion in the U.S. strongly favored the Greek cause and such leaders as Henry Clay called for intervention.
During his term as president, however, Adams achieved little of long-term consequence in foreign affairs.
A reason for this was the opposition he faced in Congress, where his rivals prevented him from succeeding.
John Quincy Adams left office on March 4, 1829, after losing the election of 1828 to Andrew Jackson.
This reached a low point when the press accused Jackson's wife Rachel of bigamy.
Jackson said he would forgive those who insulted him, but he would never forgive the ones who had attacked his wife.
Jackson won the rest of the states, picking up 178 electoral votes to Adams' 83 votes, and succeeded him.
Adams and his father were the only U.S. presidents to serve a single term during the first 48 years of the Presidency .
Instead he ran for and won a seat in the United States House of Representatives in the 1830 elections.
This went against the generally held opinion that former Presidents should not run for public office.
He was elected to nine terms, serving as a Representative for 17 years, from 1831 until his death.
Davis won a plurality, 40%, and Adams took 29% with Morton taking 25% and Allen 6%.
Because no candidate had won a majority, the election was sent to the state legislature to decide.
Adams withdrew and endorsed Davis, preferring him over Morton, and Davis was chosen by the legislature in January 1834.
In authoring a change to the Tariff of 1828, he was instrumental to the compromise that ended the Nullification Crisis.
Adams was key to ensuring that the money was instead used to build the Smithsonian Institution.
A longtime opponent of slavery, Adams used his new role in Congress to fight it.
He became a forceful opponent of this rule and conceived a way around it, attacking slavery in the House for two weeks.
The gag rule prevented him from bringing slavery petitions to the floor, but he brought one anyway.
It was a petition from a Georgia citizen urging disunion due to the continuation of slavery in the South.
The petition infuriated his Congressional enemies, many of whom were agitating for disunion themselves.
They moved for his censure over the matter, enabling Adams to discuss slavery openly during his subsequent defense.
He decided that if he were censured, he would merely resign, run for the office again, and probably win easily.
When his opponents realized that they played into his political strategy, they tried to bury the censure.
He attacked slavery and slaveholders as immoral and condemned the institution while calling for it to end.
He spent two months building support for this move, but due to northern opposition, the rule narrowly survived.
His argument succeeded; the Court ruled in favor of the Africans, who were declared free and returned to their homes.
The original daguerreotype is in the collection of the National Portrait Gallery of the Smithsonian Institution.
Shortly after Adams entered Congress, the Nullification Crisis threatened civil war over the Tariff of 1828.
Adams authored an alteration to the tariff, which weakened it and diffused the crisis.
As president, he had proposed a national observatory, which did not win much support.
After heated debate in Congress, Adams successfully argued to restore the lost funds with interest.
In 1846, the 78-year-old former president suffered a stroke that left him partially paralyzed.
After a few months of rest, he made a full recovery and resumed his duties in Congress.
Their daughter, Louisa, was born in 1811 but died in 1812 while the family was in Russia.
Both George and their second son, John , led troubled lives and died in early adulthood.
Adams' youngest son, Charles Francis Adams , also pursued a career in diplomacy and politics.
In 1870 Charles Francis built the first memorial presidential library in the United States, to honor his father.
John Quincy Adams Birthplace is now part of Adams National Historical Park and open to the public.
The name Quincy has been used for at least nineteen other places in the United States.
He also formulated the Monroe Doctrine, which is still evoked to the present day.
He is viewed by many as the exemplar and moral leader in an era of modernization.
Russell Kirk, however, sees Adams as a flawed conservative who was imprudent in opposing slavery.
Adams' personality was much like that of his father, as were his political beliefs.
Historian Paul Nagel argues that, like Abraham Lincoln after him, Adams suffered from depression for much of his life.
Adams thought his depression was due to the high expectations demanded of him by his father and mother.
He was closer to his father, whom he spent much of his early life with abroad, than he was to his mother.
As Abigail Adams had feared, John Quincy's brother, Charles, would eventually follow this fate.
When he fell in love with his future wife, Louisa Johnson, his mother disapproved of this relationship as well.
Adams won their freedom, with the chance to stay in the United States or return to Africa.
Tyler, born to an aristocratic Virginia family, came to national prominence at a time of political upheaval.
In the 1820s the nation's only political party, the Democratic-Republicans, split into factions.
Though initially a Democrat, his opposition to Andrew Jackson and Martin Van Buren led him to ally with the Whig Party.
Harrison's death made Tyler the first vice president to succeed to the presidency without being elected to the office.
Though Tyler was not the first president to veto bills, he was the first to see his veto overridden by Congress.
He initially sought election to a full term, but after losing the support of both Whigs and Democrats, he withdrew.
The elder Tyler served four years as Speaker of the House of Delegates before becoming a state court judge.
He subsequently served as governor and as a judge on the U.S. District Court at Richmond.
His wife, Mary Marot , was the daughter of a prominent plantation owner, Robert Booth Armistead.
The Tylers' forty slaves grew various crops, including wheat, corn and tobacco.
Judge Tyler was willing to pay high wages for tutors who would challenge his children academically.
Tyler was an unhealthy child, thin and prone to diarrhea; such afflictions would burden him throughout his life.
In 1811, at the age of 21, Tyler was elected by his fellow Charles City County residents to the House of Delegates.
He served five successive one-year terms, and sat on the Courts and Justice committee.
That same year, his father died, and Tyler inherited thirteen slaves along with his father's plantation.
The death of U.S. Representative John Clopton in the fall of 1816 left a vacancy in the 23rd district.
As the two men did not differ politically, the race was a popularity contest.
Tyler's political connections and campaigning skills won him the election by a slim margin.
He believed each state should construct necessary projects within its borders using locally generated funds.
He argued for the revocation of the bank charter, although Congress rejected any such proposal.
His first clash with General Andrew Jackson followed Jackson's 1818 invasion of Florida during the First Seminole War.
While praising Jackson's character, Tyler condemned him as overzealous, and for the execution of two British subjects.
Tyler was a slaveholder for his entire life, at one point keeping forty slaves at Greenway.
Although he regarded slavery as an evil, and did not attempt to justify it, he never freed any of his slaves.
Tyler considered slavery a matter for each state, and felt the federal government lacked the authority to abolish it.
Throughout his time in Congress, he voted against bills which would restrict slavery in the territories.
Restless and bored after two years at home practicing law, Tyler sought election to the House of Delegates in 1823.
Despite the legislature's support of Crawford, opposition to the caucus system killed Tyler's proposal.
These were passed into law and were successful; by 1840 the school would see its highest-ever enrollment.
He was nominated in December 1825 for Governor of Virginia, a position which was then appointed by the legislature.
The office of governor was powerless under the original Virginia Constitution , lacking even veto authority.
In order to thwart federal infrastructure proposals, he suggested Virginia actively expand its own road system.
A proposal was made to expand the state's poorly funded public school system, but no significant action was taken.
Furthermore, he had made enemies by fiercely opposing President John Quincy Adams and Kentucky Senator Henry Clay.
By the time of Tyler's election to the Senate, campaigning for the 1828 presidential election was in progress.
Tyler disliked Adams for seeking to increase the power of the federal government; he feared Jackson would do the same.
Tyler attempted to remain on good terms with Jackson, only opposing him on principle rather than partisanship.
He defended Jackson for vetoing the Maysville Road funding project, which Jackson considered unconstitutional.
Tyler voted to sustain the veto and endorsed the president in his successful bid for re-election.
Sitting on the Senate Finance Committee, he voted for two censure resolutions against the president in March 1834.
By this time, Tyler had become affiliated with Clay's newly formed Whig Party, which held control of the Senate.
Tyler was offered a judgeship in exchange for resigning his seat, but he declined.
Senator Thomas Hart Benton of Missouri had introduced a bill expunging the censure of Jackson.
By resolution of the Democratic-controlled legislature, Tyler could be instructed to vote for the bill.
Over the next few months he sought the counsel of his friends, who gave him conflicting advice.
While Tyler wished to attend to his private life and family, he was soon swept up in the presidential election of 1836.
Harrison was the leading Whig candidate for president, but he lost to Van Buren.
The convention gave the more populous and liberal counties of western Virginia an opportunity to expand their influence.
Unable to remain away from politics, Tyler successfully sought election to the House of Delegates.
In February 1839, the General Assembly considered who should fill the seat that was to expire the following month.
Rives had drifted away from his party, signalling a possible alliance with the Whigs.
As Tyler had already fully rejected the Democrats, he expected the Whigs would support him.
This strategy was supported by Whig leader Henry Clay, who nevertheless admired Tyler at that time.
President Van Buren's ineffective efforts to deal with the situation cost him public support.
With the Democratic Party torn into factions, the head of the Whig ticket would likely be the next president.
Tyler attended the convention and was with the Virginia delegation, although he had no official status.
The convention deadlocked among the three main candidates, with Virginia's votes going to Clay.
The vice presidential nomination was considered of little moment; no president had failed to complete his elected term.
Not much attention was given to the choice, and the specifics of how Tyler came to gain it are unclear.
His biographer, Robert Seager II, held that Tyler was selected because of a dearth of alternative candidates.
There was no Whig platform; leaders decided that trying to put one together would tear the party apart.
Thus, the Whigs ran on their opposition to Van Buren, and blamed him and his Democrats for the recession.
In campaign materials, Tyler was praised for integrity in resigning over the legislature's instructions.
The two men met briefly in Richmond in February, and reviewed a parade together, though they did not discuss politics.
Expecting few responsibilities, he then left Washington, quietly returning to his home in Williamsburg.
Tyler determined not to travel to Washington, not wanting to appear unseemly in anticipating the president's death.
Acting on this determination, he had himself sworn in as president, without any qualifiers, in his hotel room.
Immediately after his inauguration, Tyler called the Cabinet into session, having decided to retain its members.
But I can never consent to being dictated to as to what I shall or shall not do.
So long as you see fit to do this, I shall be glad to have you with me.
But when it came to the great banking question, Tyler was soon at odds with the Congressional Whigs.
On September 13, when the president did not resign or give in, the Whigs in Congress expelled Tyler from the party.
By mid-1841, the federal government faced a projected budget deficit of $11 million.
Despite these measures, by March 1842 it had become clear that the federal government was still in dire fiscal straits.
The root of the trouble was an economic crisis—initiated by the Panic of 1837—which was entering its sixth year in 1842.
A speculative bubble had burst in 1836–39, causing a collapse of the financial sector and a subsequent depression.
But the South had no industrial base and depended on open access to British markets for their cotton.
Under the previous deal, this would suspend the distribution program, with all revenues going to the federal government.
The defiant Whig Congress would not raise tariffs in a way that would affect the distribution of funds to states.
In June 1842 they passed two bills that would raise tariffs and unconditionally extend the distribution program.
Tyler signed the Tariff of 1842 on August 30, pocket vetoing a separate bill to restore distribution.
Tyler's actions opposed the Whigs' opinion that the presidency should allow Congress to make decisions regarding policy.
Congressman John Botts, who opposed Tyler, introduced a resolution on July 10, 1842.
The Botts bill was tabled until the following January, when it was rejected, 127−83.
While the committee's report did not formally recommend impeachment, it clearly established the possibility.
In August 1842, by a vote of 98–90, the House endorsed the committee's report.
The battles between Tyler and the Whigs in Congress resulted in a number of his nominees being rejected.
His policies were largely in line with Jackson's earlier efforts to promote American commerce across the Pacific.
This treaty was rejected by the Whigs, mainly as a show of hostility toward the Tyler administration.
However, Tyler was unsuccessful in concluding a treaty with the British to fix the boundaries of Oregon.
On Tyler's last full day in office, March 3, 1845, Florida was admitted to the Union as the 27th state.
His administration drew praise from naval leaders, who saw a marked increase in warships.
He also advocated the establishment of a chain of American forts from Council Bluffs, Iowa, to the Pacific.
The insurgents under Thomas Dorr had armed themselves and proposed to install a new state constitution.
Before such acts, Rhode Island had been following the same constitutional structure that was established in 1663.
Tyler called for calm on both sides, and recommended that the governor enlarge the franchise to let most men vote.
Baldwin's seat remained vacant until James K. Polk's nominee, Robert Grier, was confirmed in 1846.
Tyler was able to appoint only six other federal judges, all to United States district courts.
Tyler made the annexation of the Republic of Texas part of his platform soon after becoming president.
Tyler, on the other hand, intended annexation to be the focal point of his administration.
Secretary Webster was opposed; he convinced Tyler to focus on Pacific initiatives until later in his term.
Now lacking a party base, he saw annexation of the republic as his only pathway to independent re-election in 1844.
He elicited the help of political organizer Michael Walsh to build a political machine in New York.
Seeking to rehabilitate his public image, Tyler embarked on a nationwide tour in the spring of 1843.
The positive reception of the public at these events contrasted with his ostracism back in Washington.
The tour centered on the dedication of the Bunker Hill Monument in Boston, Massachusetts.
The republic remained skeptical, and finalization of the treaty took until the end of February.
Several hours later, Captain Robert F. Stockton was convinced by the crowd to fire one more shot.
As the guests moved up to the deck, Tyler paused briefly to watch his son-in-law, William Waller, sing a ditty.
For Tyler, any hope of completing the Texas plan before November was instantly dashed.
When Wise went to tell Tyler what he had done, the president was angry but felt that the action now had to stand.
Knowing this, when Tyler sent the treaty to the Senate for ratification in April 1844, he did not expect it to pass.
They found him to be perfectly suited for their platform, and he was nominated with two-thirds of the vote.
Satisfied by these developments, Tyler dropped out of the race in August and endorsed Polk for the presidency.
On March 1, three days before the end of his term, Tyler signed the bill into law.
After some debate, Texas accepted the terms and entered the union on December 29, 1845, as the 28th state.
Tyler's wife Letitia died of a stroke in the White House in September 1842.
Although Tyler's family was dear to him, during his political rise he was often away from home for extended periods.
As a Southern gentleman, duty was important to Tyler, including his duties to his family.
He was asked to give an occasional public speech, but was not sought out as an adviser.
On January 12, 1862, after complaining of chills and dizziness, he vomited and collapsed.
He was treated, but his health did not improve, and he made plans to return to Sherwood Forest by the 18th.
As he lay in bed the night before, he began suffocating, and Julia summoned his doctor.
A survey of 65 historians, conducted by C-SPAN in 2009, ranked Tyler as 35th of 42 men to hold the office.
Tyler resented this, leading to the conflict between the branches that dominated his presidency.
While academics have both praised and criticized Tyler, the general American public has little awareness of him at all.
 Joi Lansing Joi Lansing was an American model, film and television actress, as well as a nightclub singer.
She would later be known as Joyce Wassmansdorff, which was the surname of her stepfather.
She began modeling in her teens, and at age 14 was signed to a contract at MGM.
She frequently was clad in skimpy costumes and bikinis that accentuated her attractive figure, but she never posed nude.
Lansing practiced yoga for relaxation, and as a devout Mormon, she did not drink or smoke.
During the 1960s, she starred in short musical films for the Scopitone video-jukebox system.
She appeared in several episodes as a busty model who was the foil for photographer Bob Collins, Cummings' series name.
The half-hour film remains available for public viewing at the Paley Center for Media in New York City and Los Angeles.
She named Ozzie Nelson as possessing the greatest sex appeal of any actor with whom she worked.
Lansing performed in the Fiesta Room in Las Vegas, Nevada, in July 1966.
Joi Lansing died from breast cancer August 7, 1972, at St. John's Hospital in Santa Monica, California.
She had been treated surgically for the disease in 1970, and also had severe anemia.
While some press accounts gave her age as 37, she was actually 43 or 44 at the time. 

She is a regular guest star in television films and series and has appeared in a few feature films.
Jolene Blalock was born and raised in San Diego, California, with three siblings.
A popular model, Blalock left home at 17 to model in Europe and Asia.
She proposed to him and the two married in Negril, Jamaica on April 22, 2003.


Lee has been married to one of her childhood sweethearts since June 21, 1995.
She was the president of War Angel, Inc. in Burbank, California but that corporation has dissolved. 
She now takes piano and voice lessons, as well as dance classes including tap, ballet, jazz and hip-hop.

That year, she had the starring role as an actress who vying for an Academy Award in E!
Her paternal grandfather, Kingman Brewster, Jr., was an educator, president of Yale University , and the U.S.
The film was a commercial success, with an over $353 million worldwide gross.
On September 10, 2013, their first child, Julian, was born via a surrogate. 
She is best known as Clark Gable's patron, acting coach and first wife.
Born in Denver, Colorado, Dillon was one of six children of Judge Henry Clay Dillon.
Dillon's father became a District Attorney in Los Angeles while her mother was a prominent socialite.
She guided him in building up his chronically undernourished body, and taught him better body control and posture.
As his speech habits improved, Gable's facial expressions became more natural and convincing.
Dillon moved to Los Angeles in the summer 1924 where she opened The Dillon Stock Company.
On the marriage license, Gable claimed he was 24 years old while Dillon claimed she was 34.
Dillon continued to work with Gable on his acting and voice while he went to auditions.
Over the next few years, Clark Gable's career gained momentum with stage and minor film roles.
The book describes in detail the training that she put Gable through over a six and half year period.
Her student included Bruce Cabot, Gary Cooper, Donna Reed, Rita Hayworth and Linda Darnell.
In a statement issued by M-G-M in 1932, Gable denied rumors that he had married Dillon solely to further his career.
After the trial, Dillon lost many of her acting students due to the publicity.
She nearly lost her home and later revealed that Gable had sent her money to avoid foreclosure.
Dillon continued working as an acting teacher until poor health forced her to retire in the mid-1960s.
In 1930 she made a successful transition, unlike many silent stars, to sound films.
She retired from acting in 1938, and remained with Case for the remainder of his life.
He died in 1978 and she died 6 years later on February 3, 1983, in Thousand Oaks, California, aged 76. 
 Josephine Headley Josephine Headley was an American silent film actress who starred in film briefly in 1917.
She was married to Western star Jack Perrin from 1920 until their divorce in 1937.
She is buried at Desert Memorial Park in Cathedral City, California as Josephine Hill Brown. 
 Josephine Hull Josephine Hull was an American stage and film actress who also was a director of plays.
She had a successful 50-year career on stage while taking some of her better known roles to film.
She attended the New England Conservatory of Music and Radcliffe College, both in the Boston area.
The plays all had long runs, and took up ten years of Hull's career.
By the late 1920s she was one of the actors able to make the transition from silent movies to talkies.
In 1926, she met the actress Eva Le Gallienne and became a member of Le Gallienne's Civic Repertory Theatre company.
By 1927, the two women were involved in an affair and Hutchinson and Bell, who separated in 1928, were divorced in 1930.
Both actresses survived the scandal in those heady days and carried on with their respective careers.
Hutchinson and Le Gallienne were intimately involved for a number of years, although Hutchinson was married three times.
She married, lastly, actor Staats Cotsworth in 1972; he died in 1979.
She died, aged 94, on June 4, 1998, at the Florence Nightingale Nursing Home in Manhattan.
At age 16, she left home and moved to Japan to further her career.
She then took some time off from the series, but returned to the show in 1998 for its final season.
This was to help raise money for the fight against breast cancer and for the Susan G. Komen Breast Cancer Foundation.
Bissett suffered a miscarriage in 1996, but the couple later had two children together — Mason Tru and Maya Rose .
At the time, the judges were Martin Landau, Mark Rydell, and Shelley Winters.
Davis not only is an actress, but has ventured into producing and is also a screenwriter. 
She also appeared in episode 16 of series 2 of Friends as the Tattoo artist. 
 Josie Loren Josie Loren Lopez , known professionally as Josie Loren, is an American actress.
Before she went to college, she used to cheer for an all-star cheerleading team in Miami called Top Gun All Stars.
Her mother is Mercy Lopez, a middle school teacher at Zelda Glazer Middle School in Miami, Florida.
She attended high school at New World School of the Arts in Miami where she studied stage acting.
Her older brother, Javier Lopez, is a Harvard University graduate and a commercial litigator in Miami.
The big screen comedy was directed by Burr Steers, and starred Zac Efron, Matthew Perry, and Michelle Trachtenberg.
Maran attended Castilleja School, an all-girls school in Palo Alto, California from grades 6 to 12.
In 1990 an appendectomy left Maran with a noticeable scar that is typically edited out of photos.
She also voiced the character of Annie in the street-racing Playstation 3 and Xbox 360 game released in October 2008.
In June 2007, Maran launched her own natural cosmetics product line, named Josie Maran Cosmetics.
Beyond her business activities she commits herself to the protection and improvement of nature and the environment.
 Joumana Kidd Joumana Marie Kidd is an actress and journalist and former wife of retired NBA basketball star Jason Kidd.
Jason and Joumana were married in 1997 and have three children Trey Jason , and twins Miah and Jazelle.
As part of his plea, Kidd was ordered to attend anger management classes for six months.
He and his wife were both active in their church and were thought to have completely reconciled.
The show ended in August 2013 due to Current TV being purchased by Al Jazeera and being replaced by Al Jazeera America.
Each episode features Behar having intimate chats with friends in her New York City apartment.
From 1965 to 1981, Behar was married to Joe Behar, a college professor.
In February 2011, Behar became a grandmother when her daughter had a son, Luca.

Bryant had contracts with several brands, including Ralph Lauren, Tommy Hilfiger and RocaWear.
BuddyTV ranked her #19 on its TV's 100 Sexiest Women of 2011 list.

She was the first and only winner of the promotion's Rookie Diva of the Year award.
on November 18 as a massage therapist, as Joy Giovanni and also acted as special guest bell ringer.
On November 14, she and The Big Show hosted a 'Thanksgiving' party, only to be confronted by Luther Reigns.
Joy got into a catfight with Amy Weber on December 16, after Joy gave John Bradshaw Layfield a candy cane.
Joy refused to sign Carlito's petition, resulting in him spitting an apple at her face.
It was revealed to be a ploy by The Cabinet, to get Big Show and Angle angry at each other.
It turned out to be another ploy, as Angle and The Cabinet all attacked Big Show.
On February 21 at a live event, Joy competed in a bikini contest which was won by Torrie Wilson.
She was released from her contract due to budget cuts on July 6, 2005.
Giovanni had a role in Avenged Sevenfold's music video, The Beast and The Harlot.
In preparation for Wrestlemania 21, Giovanni took part in numerous promo videos, including a Taxi Driver parody.
Since January 2010, Giovanni is now working an internship for a chiropractor in Los Angeles, California.
She also recently got re-certified in massage therapy for a new business venture she is working on.
Later, she started her own company, Aunt Joy's Cakes, a bakery located in Burbank, California. 
Lauren is of Danish descent and was born Lauren Joy Jorgensen in Atlanta, Georgia.
At age 11, she moved from Atlanta to Los Angeles with her mother to pursue an acting career.
In 1936, her mother married Jack L. Warner, then head of Warner Bros. studios.
Warner, however, refused to sign Page to a contract, and she never appeared in another Warner Bros. film.
Page died on April 18, 2008, of complications arising from a stroke and pneumonia. 
She married James MacArthur and had 2 children together, Mary MacArthur and Charles MacArthur.
She has 1 grandchild named Evan Joseph Asher, his parents being John and Jenny McCarthy. 
She has also acted as: Both of which are Disney Channel Original Movie's bringing her total to 3.
with Hunt and this confusion in an early press article followed Compton throughout her career.)
She won a personality and beauty contest and spent two months in a film studio as an extra.
Compton appeared in a long string of mostly B-movies from the 1920s through the 1950s.
She died from natural causes, aged 90, and was buried in Forest Lawn Memorial Park in the Hollywood Hills. 
She is of Italian descent on her mother's side, and Dutch from her father.
On July 4, 2009, DeWitt was arrested in El Segundo, California, and cited for drunken driving.
According to press reports, police pulled her over after she drove past a barricade near a park.
An officer arrested the actress after he observed signs she had been drinking and administered a field sobriety test.
She was booked at the police station, cited, and released on her own recognizance.
She also appeared on television and in films, and had a brief career as an opera singer.
Born in Homestead, Pennsylvania, Ebert graduated from the drama school at Carnegie Mellon University.
In the video, Dan Hartman is a bartender pining for a beautiful customer, Joyce Hyser.
Jameson began work in the early 1950s with numerous uncredited roles in films and television.
Contrary to her onscreen stereotype, off screen Jameson was said to be the direct opposite of her screen persona.
She was married to actor/songwriter Billy Barnes for many years; they had one child, a son named Tyler Barnes.
On January 16, 1987, Jameson committed suicide by overdosing on pills at the age of 54.
 Joyce MacKenzie Joyce MacKenzie is an American actress who appeared in films and television from 1946 to 1961.
Yeager discovered Nizzari in Miami when she was 15, but only had her do bikini shots until after Joyce turned 18.
Her mother was of Italian descent, while her father was of Dutch and English ancestry.
According to U.S. census records, Clarence was living in California in 1930 with a wife, Lois.
She graduated from Smith College, then earned a Master's in Education from Harvard University.
The Valley Theatre League of Los Angeles created the Juanin Clay Lifetime Achievement Award in her memory. 
Beginning as one of the Sennett Bathing Beauties, she appeared in a variety of serials through the late 1910s.
She was well known for her troubled personal life and struggle with addiction to cocaine and morphine.
She wrote a book about addiction and started her own charity to help raise awareness about drug abuse.
Her family moved to California when she was a girl and Juanita graduated from Los Angeles High School.
Early in her career the actress was also associated with Famous Players-Lasky and acted opposite Jack Pickford.
It was produced by William Selig and the three Warner brothers, Harry, Jack, and Sam.
In 1921, Juanita retired from movies after she was scalded in a bathroom accident in a New York City hotel.
She appeared in secondary roles in two more films, but by 1923 her film career was over at the age of twenty-eight.
Hansen was named as one of two co-respondents in a divorce suit brought by Evelyn Nesbit against Jack Clifford.
Juanita Hansen died in 1961 at her home in West Hollywood, California of heart failure.
Her body was found by her maid, Pearl Edwards, who told deputy sheriffs the actress was suffering from a heart ailment.
 Juanita Quigley Juanita Quigley is a former child actress in American motion pictures of the 1930s and 1940s.
She was one of the most popular child stars of her day, and was Universal Pictures' youngest star in 1934.
At the time of this filming, Juanita lived in Pennsylvania pursuing her post-convent career full-time.
Juanita is now retired and is an intensely private person with regard to her past.
Most who know her as a friend are unaware of her previous life as an actress.

Born as Laurette Rutherford, she was the elder sister of the better-known actress Ann Rutherford.
Arlen worked behind the scenes for her younger sister, but never returned to acting.
She resided in Santa Barbara, California at the time of her death on June 5, 1968, aged 54. 

From these humble beginnings she knew, even from a young age, that she was different from those around her.
At sixteen, leaving everything behind, she got on a train to Hollywood knowing she had what it took to be a star.
She appeared in two films that year, and five in 1937, one of which was her first uncredited role.
She eventually settled in Palm Desert, California, where she was residing at the time of her death on March 10, 2000. 
In March 2011, it was announced that Chapman had been taken off her contract and bumped to recurring.
Evelyn died from cancer, in New York City, on May 7, 1967.
She was interred at the Kensico Cemetery in Valhalla, Westchester County, New York. 
She plays the poised and driven Tandy Hampton, daughter and protégé of Lamar Wyatt.
She spent 1965–68 in Dowagiac, Michigan, where she attended Union High School through tenth grade.
Ivey was married to actor Ricardo Gutierrez; they divorced before her move to New York.

For this role, she won two Daytime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series.
from 1984 to 1992, and later starred in many television films and short-lived series.
Light was born in Trenton, New Jersey, the daughter of Pearl Sue , a model, and Sidney Light, an accountant.
Light graduated from high school in 1966 at St. Mary's Hall-Doane Academy, now Doane Academy, in Burlington, New Jersey.
Light also acted for such theatre companies as the Milwaukee Repertory Theater and the Seattle Repertory Theatre.
In the late 1970s, Light went through a real crisis after a period of not landing any parts.
Broke, she almost quit acting, because she felt that she was not contributing to the theater.
Co-starring Tony Danza, who played her housekeeper , the show ran for eight seasons from 1984 to 1992.
Light shaved her head for the role of Vivian Bearing, a literature professor battling ovarian cancer, in the play.
She was recurring guest-star during first season and was promoted to series regular as of second.
The pilot episode debuted on February 6, 2014 and later episodes premiered on September 26, 2014.
She sits on the board of the Matthew Shepard Foundation and spoke at the 1993 March on Washington.
In 1998, she had a library named after her at the Los Angeles Gay and Lesbian Center.
 Judith Lowry Judith Lowry was an American actress, best known for her television work.
Judith Carter Ives was born in Fort Sill, Oklahoma, where her father was temporarily stationed.
Her father was a career soldier in the U.S. Army as an army surgeon, attaining the rank of Major.
She resumed her acting career in 1952 after her youngest of 9 children, Martha, turned 18.
This was Lowry's last major acting role because she died of a heart attack during the series' final season.
She was buried next to her husband, Rudd Lowry, in Long Island National Cemetery. 
 Judith Malina Judith Malina was a German-born American theater and film actress, writer and director.
In 1929 at the age of three, she immigrated with her parents to New York City.
In 1947 the couple founded The Living Theatre, which they directed together until Beck's death in 1985.
In 1988, following the death of Julian Beck in New York City, she married her long term partner Hanon Resnikov.
She was survived by two children she had with Julian Beck: a son Garrick and a daughter Isha. 
O'Dea owns and operates O'Dea Communications, a firm which deals in oral communications training. 
 Judith Wood Judith Wood was an American film actress from the end of the 1920s through the 1940s.
In that first film, as well as in the four in which she would star during 1930, Wood was credited under her birth name.
Wood starred in six films in 1931, after which her career slowed and eventually faded out.
In 1934, she only received three film roles, one of which was uncredited.
Following that, she retired from acting, but remained in Los Angeles, California.
After appearing in vaudeville with her two older sisters, Garland was signed to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer as a teenager.
Despite her professional triumphs, Garland struggled immensely in her personal life, starting when she was a child.
She was plagued by financial instability, often owing hundreds of thousands of dollars in back taxes.
In 1999, the American Film Institute placed her among the ten greatest female stars of Classic American cinema.
Her parents were vaudevillians who settled in Grand Rapids to run a movie theatre that featured vaudeville acts.
Accompanied by their mother on piano, The Gumm Sisters performed there for the next few years.
Another variation surfaced when he was a guest on Garland's television show in 1963.
By late 1934, the Gumm Sisters had changed their name to the Garland Sisters.
Afterward, Judy and her mother were brought into the studio for an interview with Louis B. Mayer and Busby Berkeley.
She was made to wear removable caps on her teeth and rubberized disks to reshape her nose.
She later resented the hectic schedule and felt that her youth had been stolen by MGM.
They even went so far as to serve her only a bowl of soup and a plate of lettuce when she ordered a regular meal.
Her blue gingham dress was chosen for its blurring effect on her figure, which made her look younger.
In the latter, she played her first adult role, a dual role of both mother and daughter.
She was deeply devoted to him and was devastated in early 1940 when he eloped with Lana Turner.
Garland began a relationship with musician David Rose, and on her 18th birthday he gave her an engagement ring.
The studio intervened because he was still married at the time to actress and singer Martha Raye.
They agreed to wait a year to allow for his divorce to become final and were wed on July 27, 1941.
Vincente Minnelli was assigned to direct, and he requested that makeup artist Dorothy Ponedel be assigned to Garland.
She appreciated the results so much that Ponedel was written into her contract for all her remaining pictures at MGM.
They were married June 15, 1945, and on March 12, 1946, daughter Liza was born.
Though the film was critically praised and earned a profit, most movie fans expected her to sing.
These, in combination with migraine headaches, led her to miss several shooting days in a row.
Her daughter Liza Minnelli made her film debut at the age of two and a half at the end of the film.
Berkeley was staging all the musical numbers, and was severe with Garland's lack of effort, attitude, and enthusiasm.
In order to lose weight, Garland went back on the pills and the familiar pattern resurfaced.
She failed to report to the set on multiple occasions, and the studio suspended her contract on June 17, 1950.
In September 1950, after fifteen years with the studio, Garland and M-G-M parted company.
After her second suicide attempt, Garland, was now depressed and quickly running out of money.
Bing, knowing she was in trouble, invited her on to his radio show – the first of the new season, on October 11, 1950.
Garland was honored for her contribution to the revival of vaudeville with a Special Tony Award.
That same year she divorced Minnelli, and in 1952 she married Sid Luft, her tour manager and producer.
Garland and Luft were married on June 8, 1952, in Hollister, California.
Production delays led to cost overruns and angry confrontations with Warner Bros. head Jack L. Warner.
Upon its September 29, 1954 world-premiere, the film was met with tremendous critical and popular acclaim.
As a result, the secure financial position Garland had expected from the profits did not materialize.
Garland won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Musical for the role.
Despite a brief bout of laryngitis, her performances there were so successful that her run was extended an extra week.
Later that year she returned to the Palace Theatre, site of her two-a-day triumph.
However, she recovered over the next several months and, in August of that year, returned to the stage of the Palladium.
She felt so warmly embraced by the British that she announced her intention to move permanently to England.
The album won four Grammy Awards including Album of the Year and Best Female Vocal of the Year.
Despite its short run, the series was nominated for four Emmy Awards, including Best Variety Series.
She had filed for divorce from Luft more than once previously, even as early as 1956, but they had reconciled each time.
Most notably, she performed at the London Palladium with her then 18-year-old daughter Liza Minnelli in November 1964.
The concert, which was also shown on the British television network ITV, was one of her final appearances at the venue.
She was invited back for a second episode in 1966 with Van Johnson as her guest.
A second concert in Sydney was uneventful but the Melbourne appearance garnered her significant bad press.
Some of that bad press was deflected by the announcement of a near fatal episode of pleurisy.
During the filming, she missed rehearsals and was fired in April, replaced by Susan Hayward.
On June 27, James Mason gave a eulogy at the funeral, an Episcopal service led by the Rev.
Peter A. Delaney of St Marylebone Parish Church, London, who had officiated at her marriage to Deans, 3 months prior.
She was interred in a crypt in the community mausoleum at Ferncliff Cemetery, in Hartsdale, New York.
Garland's legacy as a performer and a personality has endured long after her death.
The American Film Institute named her eighth among the Greatest female stars of Golden Age Hollywood cinema.
She has twice been honored on U.S. postage stamps, in 1989 and again in 2006 .
Garland had a large fan base in the gay community and became a gay icon.
In the 1960s, a reporter asked how she felt about having a large gay following.


Greer attended Churchill High School and graduated from The Theatre School at DePaul University in 1997.
In an August 2009 interview, Greer said that she is most recognized for this role.

She began her career as part of a nightclub act before working in Broadway plays and musicals.
Her father was the Executive Director of the Foundation for the Jewish National Fund of America .
She grew up in Sunnyside, Queens, New York and graduated from Julia Richman High School.
The other four members of the group were Betty Comden, Adolph Green, Alvin Hammer and John Frank.
She did not appear in the stage version, which toured the U.S. both before and after production of the film.
In 1950, Holliday was the subject of an FBI investigation looking into allegations she was a Communist.
In 1957, she won the Tony Award for Best Leading Actress in a Musical.
The show was directed by José Quintero with background music by Elmer Bernstein and produced by Alan Pakula.
When Holliday became ill and had to leave the show it closed in Philadelphia without opening on Broadway.
She reportedly had a long-term relationship with jazz musician Gerry Mulligan, but the two never married.
Landers was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and was raised in Rockland County, New York.
She is the daughter of Ruth Landers, and is the younger sister of actress Audrey Landers.
In November 1987, Landers married Tom Niedenfuer, who was a relief pitcher for the Los Angeles Dodgers baseball team.
They have two daughters: Lindsay, born 1989; and Kristy, born 1991.
She is best known for her role as Tonya Sanchez in the 2012 police drama NYC 22. 
Reyes grew up on Bainbridge Avenue, from the age of 13 to the age of 25-26.
On May 14, 2012, the series was not picked up by ABC, but on June 22, 2012, Lifetime ordered a run of thirteen-episodes.
Reyes and her boyfriend George Valencia have a daughter, Leila Rey, born on November 27, 2009. 
 Julanne Johnston Julanne Johnston was an American silent film actress born in Indianapolis, Indiana.
 Jules de Jongh Jules de Jongh is an American actress, singer and television and radio presenter.
Julia was born in Redstone Arsenal, near Huntsville, Alabama, the daughter of a model mother and an army officer father.
 Julia Dean Julia Dean was a stage and film actress who began her career in the 1890s.
Julia Dean was born to Albert Clay Dean and Susan Jane Morton in St. Paul, Minnesota, in 1878.
Faye was born Julia Faye Covell at her grandmother's home near Richmond, Virginia.
She had lived in St. Louis, Missouri prior to coming to Hollywood in 1916, to visit friends.
The two reminisced about St. Louis and discovered that they had lived next door to one another there.
Faye was listed as a member of the Paramount Stock Company School in July 1922.
He planned to direct two or three films per year and supervise the making of between ten and twenty more.
Faye came along with him as did Joy, Rod La Roque, Florence Vidor, Mary Astor, and Vera Reynolds.
A blind child searches for the Lord and the producer/director turns the camera gradually down to the child's eyes.
Wallick predeceased her, and she is listed as a widow in the 1930 census.
She married actor, author, and scenarist Walter Anthony Merrill on October 24, 1935, in Los Angeles.
In April 1936, Faye announced that she had obtained a Nevada divorce from Merrill. 
She has modelled in catalogues for Levi's, The Gap, Esprit, and L'Oreal.


She has performed in over 100 film, television, theatre and internet productions throughout her career.
She is best known for playing Maya Stadi in the webseries ' and S'Tal in '.
Julia is probably best known for her recurring roles in the webseries ' and '.
Nickson-Soul was born Julia Nickson in Singapore, to an English father and Chinese mother.
Her mother, Judith Newcomb Stiles, is a potter, and her father, John O'Hara, is a businessman.
She started acting at the age of eleven, performing with New York's La MaMa Theatre Company.
Stiles told an interviewer that she was very similar to the character, Paige Morgan.
as well as a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series.
She says she gave up veganism after she developed anemia and found it difficult to get proper nutrition while traveling.
Born in Columbus, Ohio, she starred in the first film version of the Lady Godiva legend in 1911.
Sweeney was born in Spokane, Washington, the daughter of Robert M. Sweeney and Jeri Sweeney .
Her father was an attorney and federal prosecutor, while her mother is a homemaker.
She joined the regular SNL cast the following year and remained with the show through four seasons, from 1990 to 1994.
Her brother Michael was diagnosed with lymphoma, and shortly thereafter Sweeney discovered that she too had cancer.
Miramax released a film version of the show in 1998, directed by Sweeney and produced by Quentin Tarantino.
They brought the show on the road in 2009 and 2010, performing in New York, Denver and other locations.
Blum and Sweeney, along with their adopted daughter, Mulan Sweeney, have lived in the Chicago suburbs since 2009.

She made her Junior Grand Prix debut in the 2005–06 season and won two bronze medals.
She competed twice on the Junior Grand Prix, placing 4th and 12th at her events.

She worked in the city library in Sistersville before moving west to make motion pictures.
She had spent the weekend at Santa Catalina Island and felt too ill to return to her own residence at the Studio Club.
He found Graham on the floor under a dressing table, dying from a bullet wound through the temple.
She had been seated in front of a mirror and put a gun to her temple.
She first swallowed poison on March 8, 1934, shortly after arriving from West Virginia.
She performed in local theater productions, and attended New York University before moving to Los Angeles.
The film was released to mixed reviews from critics and had strong ratings on that night.
came out October 22, 2010, where she reprises the role of Madison Penrose.
In the show's flashbacks, she played the role of the calculating Collins relative Abigail. 
Julianna started in theater at 5 years old, in a community play of Annie, in which she played Molly.
She also started doing voice-overs and has done many TV, film, and radio voice-overs.
 Julianne Buescher Julianne Buescher is an American actress who performs in film, television, radio, and on stage.
 Julianne Hough Julianne Alexandra Hough is an American dancer, singer, songwriter, and actress.
She was nominated for a Creative Arts Primetime Emmy in 2007 for Outstanding Choreography in season five of the show.
Hough was born in Orem, Utah, the youngest of five children in a Latter-day Saint family.
Her parents are Marianne and Bruce Hough, who was twice chairman of the Utah Republican Party.
She is also cousin to Riker, Rydel, Rocky and Ross Lynch from R5.
They received training in song, theatre, gymnastics and many forms of dance, including jazz, ballet, and tap.
I was told if I ever went back to the United States, three things were going to happen.
After returning to the U.S., she attended the Las Vegas Academy and Alta High School.
Hough returned for season six with radio host/comedian Adam Carolla, but they were eliminated in week four.
Hough returned to the show, although the pair were ultimately eliminated in the Semifinals Competition.
However, she did return for season eight, partnering with boyfriend at the time, country singer Chuck Wicks.
They were voted off in week eight of the competition and came in sixth place.
1 on the Top Country Albums chart on May 31, and also peaked at No.
Hough was nominated for the Top New Female Vocalist award, a fan voted award, which she subsequently won.
Hough won the Top New Artist award at the 44th Annual Academy of Country Music Awards on April 5, 2009.
Hough did not get the chance to write on her first record because the whole process was so quick.
 Julianne Moore Julianne Moore is an American–British actress, prolific in cinema since the early 1990s.
After studying theatre at Boston University, Moore began her career with a series of television roles.
Moore was born Julie Anne Smith on December 3, 1960, at the Fort Bragg army installation in North Carolina.
Moore has a younger sister, Valerie, and a younger brother, the novelist Peter Moore Smith.
She considers herself half Scottish and claimed British citizenship in 2011 to honor her deceased mother.
Moore frequently moved around the United States as a child, due to her father's occupation.
She was close to her family as a result, but has said she never had the feeling of coming from one particular place.
The constant relocating made her an insecure child, and she struggled to establish friendships.
When Moore was 16, the family moved to Frankfurt, Germany, where she attended Frankfurt American High School.
She was accepted to Boston University and graduated with a BFA in Theatre in 1983.
After registering a stage name with Actors' Equity, she began her career in 1983 with off-Broadway theatre.
Moore appeared on the show until 1988, when she won a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Ingenue in a Drama Series.
Her next film role did not come until 1992, but introduced her to a wide audience.
The film was not a hit at the time of release but subsequently became a cult classic.
Based on the novel by Graham Greene, Moore played opposite Ralph Fiennes as an adulterous wife in 1940s Britain.
Moore has said it was a particularly difficult role, but she was rewarded with a SAG nomination.
Moore did not make any screen appearances in 2003, but returned in 2004 with three films.
Although the film was unpopular with critics, it opened as the US box office number one.
Moore had a supporting role in the dystopian drama, playing the leader of an activist group.
The production, directed by Sam Mendes and co-starring Bill Nighy, opened in November 2006.
Moore played the role of Nadia, a former war correspondent who finds her views on the 2003 invasion of Iraq challenged.
Based on a short story by Philip K. Dick, the response from critics was highly negative.
Moore was fascinated by the role, but the film was considered controversial for its explicit depiction of incest.
The film explored the life of Bob Dylan, with Moore playing a character based on Joan Baez.
Moore was not seen on screen again until late 2009, with three new releases.
Set in 1960s Los Angeles, the film starred Colin Firth as a homosexual professor who wishes to end his life.
The psychological thriller received negative reviews and did not have a US release until 2013 .
Although the response to the film was mixed, critics were highly appreciative of Moore's performance.
For the first time in her career, she received a Golden Globe, a Primetime Emmy, and a SAG Award.
Adapted from Henry James's novel and updated to the 21st century, the drama earned near-universal critical praise.
The film was a box office success, but was generally considered an unsuccessful and unnecessary adaptation.
At 53 years old, Moore enjoyed a considerable degree of critical and commercial success in 2014.
Moore has been described in the media as one of the most talented and accomplished actresses of her generation.
As a woman in her 50s, she is unusual in being an older actress who continues to work regularly and in prominent roles.
She enjoys the variety of appearing in both low-budget independent films and large-scale Hollywood productions.
In October 2013, Moore was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Her performances often include small hints at emotional turmoil, until there comes a point when the character breaks.
She is particularly moved by the concept of an individual repressing their troubles and striving to maintain dignity.
Alongside her acting work, Moore has established a career as a children's author.
Moore had an input in the production, particularly through requesting that it retain the book's young target audience.
Actor and stage director John Gould Rubin was Moore's first husband, whom she met in 1984 and married two years later.
They wed in August 2003 and live in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Lower Manhattan, New York City.
She tries to keep her family close when working and picks material that is practical for her as a parent.
Moore is politically liberal and supported Barack Obama at the 2008 and 2012 presidential elections.
She is a pro-choice activist and sits on the board of advocates for Planned Parenthood.
Known for maintaining a natural image, Moore has spoken out against botox and plastic surgery.
As of November 2015, Moore has appeared in 62 feature films, four television movies, and four television series.
After returning to New York, she attended Hunter College as a general studies major for two years.
Their son Ignatius was born in September 2007 and she gave birth to daughter Phoebe Margaret on April 30, 2009.
Her parents are William Phillips, an insurance broker, and his wife, Ann.
She then moved to Los Angeles, where she appeared in a .38 Special music video.
Phillips ultimately became best known for being the girlfriend, and later the first wife, of musician Bruce Springsteen.
She left the show at the end of its fifth season in 1995 but returned for its final episode in 1996.
 Julie Adams Julie Adams is an American film and television actress, sometimes credited as Julia Adams or Betty Adams.
Julie Adams was born as Betty May Adams on October 17, 1926, in Waterloo, Iowa.
Her family moved a great deal; the longest she lived in one town was eight years in Blytheville, Arkansas.
He was always prepared, and did a good job in the roles he was given.
Her work on the soap opera reunited her with several former film co-stars, including Rory Calhoun and Richard Egan.
On the Amazon.com website, the book is currently rated 4.5 out of 5 stars.
A limited test print run - with a bonus interview DVD - of the audiobook version has now been completed.
Future sales and distribution are pending through her son Mitch, who also serves as producer.
Julie also appeared at the CineCon Classic Film Festival on August 31, 2012 at the Loews Hollywood Hotel.
Traveling east, Julie was a scheduled guest at The Hollywood Show: Chicago , September 7–9, 2012.
An additional book signing was held at Century Books in Pasadena, California, on September 20, 2012.
On October 13, 2012, Julie was back in Illinois for a book signing party.
The film was shown on Tuesday, October 16 at the Samuel Goldwyn Theater in Beverly Hills starting at 7:30pm.
In 2012, she won the Rondo Award for the Monster Kid Hall of Fame at the annual Wonderfest in Louisville, Kentucky.
Emery was born and raised in Crossville, Tennessee, the daughter of computer analyst Janice and dairy farmer Gary Emery.
She currently resides in California and sings in her church under her married name Julie Anne Becker.
Her mother, Joanne Marie , was a figure skater, and her father, George Benz, Jr., is a surgeon in Pittsburgh.
The family settled in nearby Murrysville when Benz was two, and she started ice skating when she was three.
When Benz was 14, she suffered a stress fracture in her right leg and had to take time off.
At age 15, Benz was told by an acting coach that she would never succeed as an actress.
I still have the report card where she was like, 'You will never be an actor.
In 2011, she became engaged to Rich Orosco, a partner at B360 Studios, and they married on May 5, 2012. 
Julie Bishop died of pneumonia on her 87th birthday, August 30, 2001, in Mendocino, California. 
 Julie Bovasso Julia Anne Bovasso was an American actress of stage, screen and television.
Bovasso was born in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn, New York, of Italian and Armenian descent.
Brown is perhaps best known for her work in the 1980s, where she often played a quintessential valley girl character.
Brown was also a producer, with John Ziffren, and performed and co-wrote the theme song.
The pilot was aired but the show was not picked up; years later it leaked onto the Internet.
That same year, she released the Showtime television movie ', a satire about Madonna and her backstage documentary, '.
Also, in 2012 she appeared with Downtown Julie Brown as a guest judge on Rupaul's Drag Race.
Brown was born in Van Nuys, California, the daughter of Celia Jane and Leonard Francis Brown.
In 1983, Brown married writer and actor Terrence E. McNally, a frequent collaborator.
Her acting training was with Sanford Meisner at Neighborhood Playhouse and with Uta Hagen at HB Studios.
Carmen was on the Board of Directors of both Women in Film for three years and IFP/West for six years.
Carmen was born in New York City, New York, and has Spanish and Cuban ancestry.
She is also certified through the International Association of Yoga Therapists and Yoga Alliance at the ERYT-500 level.

 Julie Cobb Julie Cobb is a longtime American actress, the daughter of actor Lee J. Cobb and actress Helen Beverley.
She has had a career ranging for over forty years which mostly consists of guest appearances on television shows.
She was the only female Redshirt to be killed in the original run of the show.
She was born in Ballinger, Texas, the daughter of Priscilla Condra, and grew up in San Antonio, Texas.
 Julie Delpy Julie Delpy is a French-American actress, film director, screenwriter, and singer-songwriter.
She has been nominated for three César Awards, two Online Film Critics Society Awards, and two Academy Awards.
After moving to the United States in 1990, she became an American citizen in 2001.
Delpy has said she has been plagued by health problems since childhood and had to wear callipers at age eight.
For her performance, Delpy was nominated for a César Award for Most Promising Actress.
She used the money she earned to pay for her first trip to New York City.
In the film, she plays a young pro-Nazi who falls in love with the hero, Solomon Perel, not knowing that he is Jewish.
The film also features Delpy's real-life parents, Marie Pillet and Albert Delpy, as her character's parents.
The film received a theatrical release in France, but failed to find distribution in the U.S.
Delpy again starred with Hawke, and the film premiered at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival.
It went on to screen out of competition at the Berlin International Film Festival and was released in May 2013.
Delpy moved to New York in 1990 and moved to Los Angeles a few years after that.
She has been a naturalized citizen of the United States since 2001, although she also retains her French citizenship.
From 2007 to 2012, she was in a relationship with German film score composer Marc Streitenfeld.
 Julie Duncan Julie Duncan was a motion picture actress specialising in short subjects and Westerns.
 Julie Gibson Julie Gibson is an American singer and actress who had prolific film career during the 1940s.
In the 1950s, Gibson's career was relegated mostly to mid-sized to smaller supporting roles in films and on television.
Gonzalo was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina and raised in Miami, Florida, where she began her career as a print model.
In second season she was lead vixen of series, and later wife for Josh Henderson's character John Ross Ewing III. 
She guest starred in many television shows in the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s, in both dramatic and comic roles.
62 in season 2, 1966, and the second in 1967 during season 3, episode no.
Then in 1970 in season 5, she played Anna Kerkoska, a premier's daughter who needed rescuing, in episode no.
She played Maggie Spencer, a television news assignment editor, in all 11 episodes with co-star Jackie Cooper.
Her co-star in the musical, Robert Goulet won the Tony that year for best actor in a musical.
She did win a Theatre World Award for the 1967-68 season for her debut performance. 
She was signed as a model for Ford Models at 15 and spent summers modeling in New York City.
She moved there in 1972 and worked at her brother's theater group; she also studied with actor William Hickey.
was considered the first of the modern parody genre and established Hagerty as a noted comedic actress.
In 2013, she has appeared in a series of Old Navy commercials as a winking flight attendant.
She won five Tony Awards, three Emmy Awards and a Grammy Award, and was nominated for an Academy Award.
She is a member of the American Theatre Hall of Fame and received the 2002 Special Lifetime Achievement Tony Award.
She received a Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Recording for the audio recording of the play.
Along with Chita Rivera, Harris holds the record for the most individual Tony Award nominations, with ten nominations.
She held the record for most competitive Tony wins until Angela Lansbury tied her in 2009.
In 1966, Harris won the Sarah Siddons Award for her work in Chicago theatre.
For her television work, Harris had won three Emmy Awards and had been nominated eleven times.
The role was as a recurring character from 1980 to 1981 and as a series regular from 1981-87.
Harris had lived in West Chatham, Cape Cod for many years until her death.
A breast cancer survivor, she suffered a severe fall requiring surgery, a stroke in 2001, and a second stroke in 2010.
Harris died on August 24, 2013, of congestive heart failure at her home in West Chatham, Massachusetts, aged 87.
Her eyes connected directly to and channeled the depths of her powerful and tender heart.
On August 28, 2013, Broadway theaters dimmed their lights for one minute in honor of Harris. 
 Julie Haydon Julie Haydon was an American actress who performed on Broadway and in films.
Following his death, Haydon worked as a drama coach, and appeared onstage in community theater and college productions.
She delivered lectures taken from books written by Nathan, two collections of which Haydon edited.
She also wrote occasional magazine articles about the actors she had worked with in her career.
For a decade, she was actress in residence at the College of St. Teresa in Winona, Minnesota.
She was buried next to her husband in the Cemetery of the Gate of Heaven in Hawthorne, New York.
 Julie Kavner Julie Deborah Kavner is an American film and television actress, comedian and voice actress.
She also voices other characters for the show, including Jacqueline Bouvier, and Patty and Selma Bouvier.
She received the Primetime Emmy Award in 1978 and three more nominations for playing the character.
Voices were needed for the shorts, and the producers decided to ask Kavner to voice Marge.
After graduating in 1971 she got a day job as a typist at the UCLA School of the Arts and Architecture.
Kavner was cast in her first professional acting role as Brenda Morgenstern, sister of the eponymous character.
She received four Primetime Emmy Award nominations for Best Individual Performance in a Variety or Music Program.
The issue was resolved a month later, and Kavner earned $250,000 per episode.
After salary re-negotiations in 2008, the voice actors received approximately $400,000 per episode.
Not only does she have no demands as an actress—'How big is my trailer, what's in my refrigerator?
McNiven was born in Amherst, Massachusetts, and got her start in local community theatre productions.
McNiven studied swinging trapeze as a teenager at French Woods Festival of the Performing Arts.
Along with her brothers Robert and John, Mitchum worked in the entertainment industry as an actress.
She died in Sun City, Arizona of Alzheimer's disease, aged 88, in 2003. 
She was born in Los Angeles as Julia Chalene Newmeyer, the eldest of three children born to Don and Helen Newmeyer.
Newmar has two younger brothers, Peter Bruce Newmeyer and John A. Newmeyer , a writer, epidemiologist, and winemaker.
Newmar developed the role of the Swedish vixen and won a Tony Award for Best Supporting Actress.
Both performances with Wagner included full-body grappling ending with Wagner lying on top of Newmar.
In the 1970s, Newmar received two US patents for pantyhose and one for a brassiere.
She has one child, John Jewl Smith , who has a hearing impairment and Down syndrome.
She suffers from Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease, an inherited neurological condition that affects 1 in 2,500 Americans.
An avid gardener, Newmar initiated at least a temporary ban on leaf blowers with the Los Angeles City Council.
Parrish was born Ruby Joyce Wilbar, the eldest of six children, to William Robert Wilbar and Gladys Marie Webb.
She spent her early years in Lake City, Tennessee, before moving to Tecumseh, Michigan at age 11.
She was also a writer and contributed essays, articles, and book reviews to many publications.
Parrish began undergraduate studies in her late forties, earning a degree in Chemical Dependencies Counseling.
She worked for nine years as a full-time on-staff counselor at the Haven Hills Shelter for Battered Women.
After a long battle with ovarian cancer, she died of complications from the disease at the age of 62 in 2003.
 Julie Payne Julie Anne Payne is an American actress whose career in television and films lasted from 1959 to 1967.
They were married from 1937 to 1943 and Julie is the only child from that union.
Their daughter, Katharine Towne , began a career as an actress in 1998 and has appeared in numerous films and TV series.
 Julie Pinson Julie Pinson is an American actress, best known for her work with soap operas.
As a child, Pinson was inspired by her mother, a classically trained opera singer, to get into acting.
Sommars was born as Juliana Edith Sommars in Fremont, Nebraska, but raised in Iowa and South Dakota.
In 1970, she won Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Television Series Musical or Comedy for her performance on show.
This role also garnered her a nomination for a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress on Television in 1990.
She eventually made her way to Las Vegas and later Hollywood, California and her career took off.
She has also had her likeness attached to numerous comic book characters and animation items.
Her mother, Naomi , is a literary agent, an independent marketing consultant, and a licensing director.
Her father, Neil Warner, is a jingle composer, a pianist, and an arranger.
Her paternal grandfather was Hollywood composer Jack Shilkret, the brother of composer Nathaniel Shilkret.
After her graduation, Warner moved to Los Angeles, where she worked as a waitress while auditioning for acting.
White and her family moved to Austin, Texas, to take up ranching when she was three years old.
She won the Tony Award for Best Performance by a Leading Actress in a Play for her performance.
White joined the show when it launched in 1993 and appeared in the first four seasons.
Her departure was attributed to conflict with the show's troubled star, Brett Butler.
White plays Maddie Biggs, the wife of North Carolina Senator Gil John Biggs, played by John Goodman.
White will also appear in the show's second season, which is filming over the summer of 2014.

Cesario is now currently active as an actress in television, film, and animation.
Landau is a former professional ballerina, and her mentor was the actress Susan Peretz.
I entrusted Juliet to make a documentary film about me and I am thrilled with the results!
She portrayed Claire in the British horror film Haunted Echoes, who was directed by Harry Bromley Davenport.
In addition to writing, she contributed numerous ideas and references for both the cover and interior art of the issues.
She has stated that she would like to write more comics set in the Buffyverse.
She was slated to write a five-part Drusilla miniseries from Dark Horse Comics in 2014, which is now delayed.
Landau is a member of The Actors Studio and as recently as of 2008 was being mentored by Mike Medavoy. 
She was reared in South Africa, where her family emigrated after World War II.
Prowse was born in Bombay, British India to South African parents and reared in South Africa.
She at times would sing in the chorus with other guests or Sinatra would sing to her.
Soon afterwards, they broke up reportedly because Prowse wanted to concentrate on her career.
... We had a sexual attraction like two healthy young people, but he was already a victim of his fans.
Prowse would later go on to headline successful Las Vegas shows, commanding a very high salary.
The later attack was more serious, requiring upwards of twenty stitches to reattach her ear.
The cancer subsequently returned and she died on 14 September 1996, eleven days short of her 60th birthday.


She also appeared in the movie Renegade with Vincent Cassel, a Jan Kounen film.
In 2010, she played at the Rock for People festival in the Czech Republic.
 June Allyson June Allyson was an American stage, film, and television actress, dancer, and singer.
Allyson was married four times and had two children with her first husband, Dick Powell.
She died of respiratory failure and bronchitis in July 2006 at the age of 88.
In April 1918 , her alcoholic father, who had worked as a janitor, abandoned the family.
To make ends meet, her mother worked as a telephone operator and restaurant cashier.
In 1925 , a tree branch fell on her while she was riding on her tricycle with her pet terrier in tow.
In her later memoirs, Allyson does describe a summer program of swimming that did help her recovery.
She also tried to emulate the singing styles of movie stars although she never mastered reading music.
Her first $60-a-week job was as a tap dancer at the Lido Club in Montreal.
When Educational ceased operations, Allyson moved to Vitaphone in Brooklyn and starred or co-starred in musical shorts.
She was very adept at opening the waterworks on cue, and many of her films incorporated a crying scene.
On August 19, 1945, Allyson caused MGM studio chief Louis B. Mayer some consternation by marrying Dick Powell.
The couple briefly separated in 1961, but reconciled and remained married until his death on January 2, 1963.
She also went through a bitter court battle with her mother over custody of the children she had with Powell.
Members of the nascent jet-set, Allyson and Summers were frequently seen in Cap d'Antibes, Madrid, Rome, and London.
During this time, Allyson struggled with alcoholism, which she overcame in the mid-1970s.
With her husband at her side, she died July 8, 2006, aged 88 at her home in Ojai, California.
For a number of years exhibitors voted Allyson among the most popular stars in the country: 
Adopting the stage name June Caprice, she made sixteen films for Fox, half of which were directed by Harry F. Millarde.
In 1919, June Caprice signed with Pathé for whom she appeared in six film projects.
Some of the movies were made in the old Pathe studio in New York City.
She left the film business to begin a family, giving birth to a daughter June Elizabeth Millarde in 1923.
Caprice's daughter was thirteen years old when orphaned and was raised by her grandparents on Long Island, New York.
June Clyde was born Ina Parton, the third child of William Arthur Parton and Orpha Dorothy Day.
William and Orpha divorced about 1913, when Orpha took the three girls to live in St Joe Missouri.
She made her first screen appearance at age ten with Noah Beery, Sr. in The Sea Wolf.
She took a break in the 1940s, either by choice or due to her not receiving starring roles.
Collyer was the sister of Bud Collyer, and her sister-in-law was actress Marian Shockley.
She remained in Los Angeles, dying at the age of 61 on March 16, 1968, of bronchial pneumonia.
The show began running monthly at the Los Angeles Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre in 2011.
 June Elvidge June Elvidge was an early 20th-century film actress from St. Paul, Minnesota.
After the conclusion of her movie career in 1924 Elvidge toured America on the Orpheum Circuit, Inc., in vaudeville.
Elvidge died in 1965 at the Mary Lee Nursing Home in Eatontown, New Jersey.
On television, she played detective Battista on the sitcom Barney Miller in 1976 third season.
Due to her rotund figure, Gittleson was often cast as a love interest who often intimidated her husband or boyfriend.
Haver's second husband was the actor Fred MacMurray, whom she married after she retired from show business.
After the family moved to Ohio, seven-year-old Haver entered and won a contest of the Cincinnati Conservatory of Music.
At age 10, she moved back to Rock Island, where she began performing for Rudy Vallee.
Working regularly as a band singer by her teens, she performed with the Ted Fio Rito Orchestra for $75 a week.
In the summer of 1942, Haver moved to Hollywood, where she finished high school.
According to the actress, she had just turned seventeen years old when her scenes were filmed.
During her career at Fox, Haver was originally groomed to be the next Betty Grable .
I try to be nice to her, and she reciprocated by being just as nice to me.
I'm the ham between the bread and butter — the middle sister — and I understand girls pretty well.
To resemble the actress as much as possible, Haver had to drive to the studio an hour earlier for make-up.
Haver and MacMurray would adopt two daughters and remained together until MacMurray's death in 1991.
Her sisters followed her to Hollywood and served as her stand-ins, while her mother was Haver's personal secretary.
She met him at age 15, while touring with Ted Fio Rito's orchestra.
Haver filed for divorce less than a year after eloping with Zito, winning interlocutory decree on March 25, 1948.
We hadn't been married hours before I realized I had never really known Jimmy.
While taking care of him in his final days, she started attending church more often.
According to friends, it was in this period when she was inspired to become a nun.
Shortly after, he agreed on adopting a child, and with the help of a doctor, they were able to take in twin daughters.
 June Havoc June Havoc was a Canadian-born American actress, dancer, writer, and theater director.
Havoc was a child vaudeville performer under the tutelage of her mother, Rose Thompson Hovick.
She later acted on Broadway and in Hollywood, and stage directed, both on and off-Broadway.
Her elder sister, Louise, gravitated to burlesque and became a well-known performer using the stage name Gypsy Rose Lee.
Her mother forged various birth certificates for both her daughters to evade child labor laws.
She could not speak until the age of three, but the films were all silent.
She would cry for the cameras when her mother told her that the family's dog had died.
Rose had a concealed gun on her when she met Bobby at the police station.
She then physically attacked her soon-to-be new son-in-law and the police had to pry her off the hapless Reed.
Havoc and her sister continued to get demands for money and gifts from their mother until her death in 1954.
After their mother's death, the sisters then were free to write about her without risking a lawsuit.
Havoc and Lee reportedly were estranged for more than a decade, but reconciled shortly before Lee's death in 1970.
Her first marriage, at age 16, was in December 1928 to Bobby Reed, a boy in her vaudeville act.
She married, secondly, in 1935 to Donald S. Gibbs; they later divorced.
It is home to artisan shops, galleries, boutiques, a cafe and a restaurant.
A long-time resident of Fairfield County Connecticut, Havoc was fiercely devoted to the care and well-being of animals.
Her homes were a nurturing and loving sanctuary to many orphaned geese, donkeys, cats, and dogs over the decades.
Havoc died at her Stamford, Connecticut home on March 28, 2010, at age 97.
The June Havoc Theatre, housed at the Abingdon Theatre in New York City, was named for her in 2003. 
 June Kenney June Sebastian is an American actress, noted for her roles in low-budget films during the 1950s.

Because of infantile Paralysis,she couldn't walk till she was five years old.
Later she had double pneumonia,Scarlet fever,whooping cough,chicken pox and masloiditis.
When she was ten years old,she started to sing and dance in public.
In 1935 June Knight and her maid were bound and gagged by two intruders in her apartment.
In 1944 she was in Roosevelt Hospital,New York,for the removal of a benign tumor.
She died in 1987, at 74, from complications from a stroke, and was interred in Pierce Brothers Valhalla Memorial Park.

The younger version of her character in that film was played by her daughter, Anne Lockhart.
She has two stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, one for motion pictures and one for television .
Anne has taken her mother's maiden name for her stage name, and has appeared in films and television programs.
 June MacCloy June MacCloy was an American actress and singer in the 1930s and 1940s.
Born in Sturgis, Michigan, MacCloy moved to Toledo, Ohio as a child.
Just prior to making her first movie MacCloy was working in New York City clubs such as the Abbey and Chateau Madrid.
She also toured with a Parkington Vaudeville Unit, which used the designing talents of a young Vincente Minnelli.
MacCloy subsequently sang with dance orchestras, including Johnny Hamp, Henry King, Jimmie Grier and Ben Pollack.
In San Francisco she was featured with the Williams-Walsh Orchestra at the Hotel Mark Hopkins.
 June Marlowe June Marlowe was an American film actress that began her career during the silent film era.
She was a prolific actress in silent films during the 1920s, appearing in films opposite John Barrymore and Rin Tin Tin.
Marlowe did not make an easy transition, and by 1930 she was starting to drift away from acting.
By chance, she happened to meet director Robert F. McGowan one day in a Los Angeles, California, department store.
In her later years, she suffered from Parkinson's disease, dying from complications on March 10, 1984.
 June Martel June Martel was a singer and a stage and motion picture actress from Chicago, Illinois.
She was a petite brunette who weighed only a bit more than one hundred pounds.
Other aspiring Warners' actresses were Olivia de Havilland, June Grabiner, Nan Grey, and Dorothy Dare.
The story concerned a girl who inherits a newspaper, adapted from an unpublished play by Manny Seff and Milton Lazarus.
She collected odd pieces of jewelry and had amassed a small trunkload of items by 1937.
Her first husband was Walter J. Klavun, a Yale University graduate, whom she divorced in Mexico in 1938.
A Paramount Pictures vice-president noticed her in Miami, Florida at a White Sox exhibition game.
He offered Travis a screen test when she came to Pasadena, California, where the major league baseball team trained.
In preparation for her role, Travis learned flying, navigation, and parachute jumping from Amelia Earhart.
Later, she said that if she had remained in Hollywood two more years, she would have been a star.
However, following three years, she came home to Chicago for Christmas with her parents.
Travis died at the age of 93 in 2008 in a hospital of complications from a stroke she suffered weeks earlier.
Vincent was born Dorothy June Smith in Harrod, Ohio, the daughter of Sybil Irwin and the Rev.
She later became a successful television actress appearing in many programs throughout the 1950s, 1960s, and 1970s.
On her death in 1966, aged 65, Walker was interred in the Westwood Village Memorial Park Cemetery in Los Angeles. 
Machado was born in Chicago, Illinois, where her family moved to from Puerto Rico.
Soon, she was offered a job as a professional actress in Los Angeles, California.
Machado moved to Los Angeles and in 1996, she landed her first two acting roles.
In 2009, she appeared in nine episodes on the TV series ER as Claudia Diaz. 
The film, about an all-girl musical band, also featured Julia Roberts and Liam Neeson.
The amount of people employed by TV shows is far less than it used to be.
She was known for her one-of-a-kind hand knits and sold to BendelsNY, Saks, and Fred Segal.
Bateman married real estate developer Mark Fluent, and the couple have a son, Duke, and daughter, Gianetta.
In 2008, Bateman testified before the United States Senate Commerce Committee in support of net neutrality.
Johnston served on the governing body of the Actors' Equity Association for 39 years.

 K. T. Stevens K. T. Stevens , born Gloria Wood in Los Angeles, California, was an American film actress.
As an adult, she changed her name to distance herself from her father's fame.
In that episode she was featured as the wife of murderer Guy Munford, played by her then husband Hugh Marlowe.

Well known in her hometown of Patterson, Georgia, when she was a child, she began acting during high school.
In 2006, Strickland received the University of the Arts's Silver Star Alumni Award.
According to Strickland, her role in the film helped her learn to temper her fake crying.
On November 10, 2006, she married Behr in Ojai, California, in a ceremony that included elements of Japanese culture.
On October 17, 2013, the couple welcomed their first child, a son named Atticus Elijah Behr.
Strickland was among the actors who picketed alongside writers during the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike.
Sometimes billed as Karen Verne, she was originally a stage actress and member of the Berlin State Theatre.
When British film production stopped during World War II, she emigrated to the United States.
She died at age 49 and was buried in Calvary Cemetery, St Paul, Minnesota. 

Doubleday was born and raised in Los Angeles, the daughter of Frank Doubleday and Christina Hart.
Her mother currently works in the entertainment industry as a playwright and also as a producer in the theater.
She is a 1983 graduate of the Williston Northampton School where she was a member of the Williston Widigers.
In 1993, she moved to Los Angeles, where she joined The Matrix Theatre Company.
Hopkins was named the new Head of Musical Theatre at Texas State University under Department Chair, Dr. John Fleming. 
Olson was born in Portland, Oregon, and lived on an island across from Seattle, Washington until the age of eight.
Olson later relocated with her family to the Tigard and Tualatin area outside Portland, where she grew up on a farm.
They had their first child, a boy named Axel Lee, on September 1, 2010.
Olson went into labor at a Philadelphia Phillies game, and Axel was born in their home as planned.
Their second son, Leo Grey McElhenney, was born on April 5, 2012. 
The couple's first daughter, Riley Grace Vilasuso, was born on November 26, 2012. 
At the age of five, she began her interest in the performing arts with her parents sending her to an acting school.
She also participated in gymnastics, ballet and skating, until she focused on acting.
Honing her acting skills at the studio, she booked a number of commercials, before moving to Los Angeles.
The short won three accolades at The Big Easy Shorts Festival: Best director , Best Editing, and Best Drama.

Cotler returned to California in 2001 and took a position teaching 9th grade at Environmental Charter High School.
In addition to working as an educator, Cotler ran her own boutique travel company and managed a San Francisco cafe.
She was born in Long Beach, California, but was raised primarily in Kansas City, Missouri.
Brock is a graduate of California State University, Los Angeles, where she earned a bachelor's degree in theater arts.
Brock was raised in Kansas City, Missouri where she graduated from Raytown South High School.
After high school, she attended the University of Kansas where she pursued a degree in theater arts.
In 2004, Brock appeared in a Nestle print advertisement while 8 months pregnant with her first child.
Brock has also appeared in numerous commercials, most notably for the American Cancer Society.
It was her first movie audition and she was twelve years old at the time of filming.
 Karen Akers Karen Akers is an American actress and singer, who has appeared on Broadway, and in cabaret and film.
He was reportedly a member of the European nobility family Pallavicino who dropped his title when he came to America.
The show opened May 9, 1982, and had a successful run of 732 performances, closing February 4, 1984.
The show opened November 12, 1989, for a run of 1,018 performances, through April 19, 1992.
She has two sons from her first marriage to Jim Akers in 1968, which ended in divorce. 
Three years later, she moved back to New York City and studied at the Lee Strasberg Theater Institute.
Allen was married to singer-songwriter Stephen Bishop for a short time in the early 1980s.
In 1988, Allen married actor Kale Browne and gave birth to a son, Nicholas, in 1990.
Allen also teaches acting at Bard College at Simon's Rock, located in Great Barrington.


Carlson was born in Shreveport, Louisiana, and educated at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, Arkansas.
In the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s, she made over one hundred guest-star appearances.
She has played in many voice over roles in cartoons, TV, movies, video games.
She is an artist at Blue Sky Studios, an in-house studio at 20th Century Fox Animation.
Duffy was born in New York City, the daughter of Carol, a homemaker, and Phil Duffy, a developer.
She attended Park Ridge High School in Park Ridge, New Jersey, graduating in 1979.
After the diagnosis she continued to model for Revlon and married John Lambros in 1997.
She graduated with two BA degrees in 1965, one in English, the other in Dramatic Art.
After the series ended, she moved to Santa Fe, New Mexico and became co-founder of Santa Fe’s Resource Theater Company.
Later she moved to Louisville, Kentucky, where she performed with the company of actors at Actors Theatre.

from San Francisco State College, and graduated from London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art.
In 1990, Kopins married her high school sweetheart, Marc Shaw, with whom she has four children.
 Karen Lynn Gorney Karen Lynn Gorney is an American actress, known for her roles on television and film.
Karen is the sister of author, professor, and physician Rod Gorney, who has taught for many years at UCLA.
McDougal is the first daughter in the family with 3 older brothers, Bob, Dave and Jeff, and a younger sister, Tina.
Her childhood dream, prior to teaching and modeling, was to become a ballerina.
McDougal posed for Toma in the creative process and the pedestal of each statuette bears her signature.
It was a tennis themed men's fashion spread shot in Las Vegas by photographer David LaChapelle.
Although the movie was not well received, it has turned into a lesser known cult film.
The special was televised live on Spike TV with a live audience on July 15, 2004.
She briefly described her experience at the Playboy Mansion when she was Miss December 1997.
She has guest hosted TV programs , appeared in other TV programs , movies and music videos with singer David Lee Roth.
She attended the 2011 AVN Adult Entertainment Expo in January 2011 to promote its products.
McDougal relishes the thrill of speed as she is an avid motorcycle rider and car collector.
Her first modelling assignment was being a promotional model at a Harley-Davidson bike show in Detroit.
In her spare time, she works out 5 days a week to stay in shape.
When she was Playmate of the Year of 1998, she had a healthy BMI of 19.
Although she is a swimsuit model, she is not a proficient swimmer because of her aquaphobia.
Born Mildred Linton in Ottumwa, Iowa, Morley lived there until she was thirteen years old.
When she moved to Hollywood, she attended Hollywood High School and later graduated from UCLA.
In 1934, Morley left MGM after arguments about her roles and her private life.
In 1954, she ran unsuccessfully for Lieutenant Governor of New York on the American Labor Party ticket.
After being blacklisted in Hollywood by the studio bosses, she was never able to rebuild her acting career.
Vidor and Morley had a son, Michael Karoly, who was born in August 1933.
Morley and Vidor were divorced in 1943, and later that year, she married the actor Lloyd Gough.
Sharpe was born in San Antonio, Texas, and studied ballet and theater as a child.
She spoke three lines in the film while sitting on a drugstore stool and did not personally meet Kramer at that time.
Her other co-stars were Terence De Marney as her father, Case Thomas, and Mark Goddard as the deputy, Cully.
The episode reveals that Slim Sherman was present at Wounded Knee and testified against Barrington.
Madge takes Slim hostage and presents papers which she contends justify her father's harsh policies against the Indians.
Slim manages to escape but is trapped by the Sioux and must negotiate with the Indians to escape massacre.
Since his death after some thirty-five years of marriage, Sharpe maintains the Stanley Kramer Library.
Sillas was married to Peter Stormare from 1989 until 2006, but is now married to writer Ivan Menchell.
 Karen Steele Karen Steele was an American actress and model with more than 60 roles in film and television.
Her mother was the former Ruth Covey Merritt, a Californian of French and Danish heritage.
She attended the University of Hawaii and studied acting at Rollins College in Florida for a year.
Like many actresses, as she got older, she turned to television commercials for income.
They were married until she died of cancer, aged 56, at the Kingman Regional Medical Center in Kingman, Arizona. 
Valentine was Miss Sonoma County and Top 10 at Miss California, state finals to Miss America.

 Karen Ziemba Karen Ziemba is an American actress, singer and dancer, best known for her work in musical theatre.
Ziemba was born in St. Joseph, Michigan, the daughter of Barbara Marie and Oscar Hugo Ziemba, an investment broker.



She won the Best Actress, Best Director, and Best Feature awards at the 2009 Oceanside International Film Festival.
As a teenager, she sang in nightclubs, sneaking out of the family home to perform.
in theatre history, she moved to Vancouver, British Columbia to pursue a career in acting.
Her writing has been published in various anthologies and literary magazines and broadcast on CBC Radio.

Her father, Henri Lombard, scion of a wealthy banking family, is of Swiss-Russian and Italian descent.
She lived all over Europe, also in Spain for a period of time with her father and siblings.
Lombard attended multiple boarding schools and is proficient in Spanish, English, Italian, French and German.
She moved to New York at the age of 18 and began modeling and acting.
Lombard's major break in modeling was a Calvin Klein photo shoot with a Native American theme.
She is a former model who was represented by Calcarrie Models in Hong Kong and Singapore.
In Argentina, she was a television presenter on Rock & Show, which aired on Canal 7 Argentina.
On May 10, 2014, Karla Jensen married Thom Mathews in Los Cabos, Mexico. 

Her mother pushed her into acting, but her acting career declined with her mother's health.
The latter died from illness when Grimes was 14, and she lost her father from a car crash a year later.
Grimes was honored as a famous Missourian with a star on the Missouri Walk of Fame in Marshfield, Missouri.
Kasha was born in South Africa, the daughter of Jacek Kropiński and Debbie Cochrane.
Kasha started out at the age of 6, performing lead roles on stage with a Cape Town theatre troupe, Stagecraft.
At this time, Kasha also gained distinction in her Trinity College London Drama exams.
She first appeared Friday, December 17, 1993, and was with OLTL for nearly 19 years until the series was canceled.
 Kat Dennings Katherine Litwack , known professionally as Kat Dennings, is an American actress.
Dennings is the youngest of five children, including an older brother, Geoffrey S. Litwack.
Dennings was homeschooled; her only enrollment at a traditional school was for a half-day at Friends' Central School.
She moved with her family to Los Angeles, California, so that she could act full-time.
She played Susan Gardner, Bartlett's love interest, and the daughter of the school's principal .
The film began shooting in Vancouver in early 2010, and was written and directed by Michael Golbach.
She played Darcy Lewis, a tech-savvy, shy sidekick and assistant to Natalie Portman's character, Jane Foster.
The film went into production in January 2010, and was shot in New Mexico for six weeks in early 2010.
Dennings liked the idea of reaching a wider audience with her work, so she accepted the role on the network sitcom.
Dennings introduced The Black Keys at the 55th Grammy Awards on February 10, 2013.
The article went on to say that she considers herself more ethnically and culturally affiliated than religiously so.
A classically trained dramatic actress, Foster studied acting at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts.
She is the daughter of Nancy Lou and actor Edward Asner, and the sister of Matthew Asner.
She is the only child of Patricia , a homemaker, and Harold Bosworth, a former executive for Talbots.
She was raised mainly on the East Coast, spending the rest of her youth in Massachusetts and Connecticut.
Bosworth, born with heterochromia iridum, has a hazel right eye and a blue left eye.
In 2001, Bosworth moved to Los Angeles in hopes of obtaining easier access to auditions and better film parts.
The film received positive reviews and grossed $40 million at the United States box office.
Although Bosworth's performance was ambivalently received, she herself loved the experience of working on the movie.
The movie grossed $52 million during its opening weekend in North America and went on to earn $391 million worldwide.
She also takes on the role of spokesperson for American luxury bag brand Coach in Asia.
In July 2011, Bosworth broke up with her boyfriend, Swedish actor Alexander Skarsgard, after two years of dating.
Bosworth and Polish announced their engagement in August 2012, and married on August 31, 2013 in Philipsburg, Montana.
She is a member of Soka Gakkai International, an organization of Nichiren Buddhism and Mahayana Buddhism. 
She was born in Columbus, Indiana and died in New York, New York. 
Burton was born in Geneva, Switzerland, the daughter of producer Sybil Burton and actor Richard Burton .
She was thus the stepdaughter of actress Elizabeth Taylor and of Sybil's second husband Jordan Christopher.
In 1979, Burton earned a bachelor's degree in Russian studies and European history from Brown University.
She was also on the board of Production Workshop, one of the university's student theatre groups.
She furthered her devotion to theatre by studying at Yale University School of Drama, from which she graduated in 1983.
In 2002, she portrayed two roles and was nominated for a Tony Award for both.
She started on December 21, 2007 and replaced actress Christine Estabrook in the role of the Adult Women.
Kristine Nielsen took over for her on March 2 for a short stint until Estabrook assumed the role again.
In 2006 and 2007, Burton was nominated for an Emmy Award for her portrayal of Ellis Grey.
 Kate Butler Kate Butler is an American actress who was born in Worcester, MA.
After leaving school she moved to Los Angeles where she worked for screen writer Steve Zaillian.
Kate Butler currently lives and works in Los Angeles with her husband Brian D. Butler and son Thomas Butler. 
During production of the film, she met director Steven Spielberg, whom she later married.
Capshaw earned a degree in education from the University of Missouri, where she was a member of Alpha Delta Pi.
However, she kept the surname Capshaw and adopted it as her professional name upon becoming an actress.
She attended Saint John Neumann School and Archbishop John Carroll High School in Radnor, Pennsylvania.
She is the musical director of the Los Angeles Drama Club, teaching Shakespeare to children and young adults.
French spent her childhood years in South Kingstown, Rhode Island and Lambertville, New Jersey.
Her family then moved to New York where they settled in Quogue on Long Island.
Her mother later married fashion photographer Jim Reiher, who has represented the United States in aerobatics.
French attended Westhampton Beach High School where she was a member of the track and field team.
She has a younger brother, Scott, as well as a younger half-brother, Hunter, from her mother's remarriage.
French had previously studied at the University of California, Santa Barbara but dropped out to start an acting career.
In her spare time, French enjoys surfing, water skiing and hiking with her pet dogs.
On September 25, 2010, French married photographer Jon Johnson at her parents' estate in Quogue.
In July 2012, French announced on Twitter that she was pregnant with their first child.
On January 12, 2013, she gave birth to a son named Henry William Johnson. 


Hudson's ancestry is Italian , Hungarian Jewish , and the remainder a mix of English and some German.
In 1997, she graduated from Crossroads, a college preparatory school in Santa Monica.
She was accepted to New York University but chose to pursue an acting career instead of an undergraduate degree.
Hudson married Chris Robinson, the frontman for The Black Crowes, on December 31, 2000, in Aspen, Colorado.
On August 14, 2006, Hudson's publicist announced that Hudson and Robinson had separated.
Hudson and Bellamy became engaged in April 2011 and have a son born in July 2011.
On December 9, 2014, the couple announced that they had ended their engagement.
Lucy Kate Jackson was born in Birmingham, Alabama, the daughter of Ruth and Hogan Jackson, a business executive.
A supporting cast member, Jackson filled her free time by studying directing and editing.
The huge success of the show saw Jackson, Smith and Farrah Fawcett appear on the front cover of Time Magazine.
The shows aired as a movie of the week on March 21, 1976 before debuting as a series on September 22, 1976.
Checking into a hospital under an alias, her course of action was to undergo a lumpectomy.
In September 1989, another mammogram indicated residual breast cancer which the previous operation had missed.
She said, 'We've gotten through other things, like divorces, and we'll get through this.'
And we did.” When Jackson awoke after surgery, “The first thing I heard was good news.
She dialed down her professional pursuits when her son, Charles Taylor Jackson, was adopted in 1995.
She married David Greenwald of New York in 1982, but they divorced two years later.
Her third marriage was to stuntman Tom Hart in 1991, but they also divorced two years later.
Mara's father has Irish, German, and French Canadian ancestry, and her mother is of Irish and Italian descent.
She is a great-granddaughter of both New York Giants founder Tim Mara and Pittsburgh Steelers founder Art Rooney, Sr.
An uncle, Art Rooney II, is the current President and co-owner of the Steelers.
She attended several youth theater-arts schools and appeared in community theater and in school plays.
She did not get the role but knew from then on that she just wanted to act.
She filmed a second season of the series, which was released on February 14, 2014.
On July 10, 2014, she was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series.
Mara played a Kentucky widow, Sarah Fenn, adopting a southern accent for the role.
She spent three months shooting the thriller in Vilnius, Lithuania, starting in December 2006.
Mara played Kay Matheson, one of four students that removed the stone in a Scottish nationalist plot.
She employed a Scottish accent for the role, which she found very difficult to master.
Mara felt lucky and proud to play a role that was important to people's heritage.
Filming began in Hammond, Louisiana in February 2008, and continued in Memphis, Tennessee and elsewhere in the South.
She plays a waitress and aspiring singer named Mississippi, in a story about six single New Yorkers in their 20s.
In 2013, Mara starred in Broken Bells video for the song Holding On For Life.
In 2015, she played the Invisible Woman in a new film version of the Fantastic Four.
In 2015, she was featured in one of their campaign videos to promote Meatless Monday. 


 Kate Miller Kate Miller is an American stage, film, television and voice-over actress.
The series, and her part, were renewed for a second and third season.
She became a fan favorite and is still associated with the show long after its cancellation.
She initially submitted a videotaped audition, which she made in New York City in August, 1994.
However, she was unhappy with this audition and auditioned in person a few weeks later.
I'm proud of the work because I think I made some little difference in women in science.
I knew that going in, and I think that all of the perks attached to this journey have been really inexpressively great.
The play opened on September 5, 2008 for a strictly limited 22-week engagement through February 8, 2009.
The film has been screened at a number of sites and is available on DVD.
In an interview on April 15, 2015, Mulgrew stated she and Hagan were divorced, something she regrets.
Mulgrew's mother, Joan Mulgrew, died on July 27, 2006, after a long battle with the disease.
She began her stage and vaudeville career with her husband, Joseph Price Ludwig, in 1890.
Price's motion picture career began with the old Vitagraph Studios in New York City, in 1902.
She acted with such movie stars as Flora Finch, Douglas Fairbanks, John Bunny, Buster Keaton, and Mary Pickford.
She was paired up with Oliver Hardy for 14 films produced at the Vim Comedy Company in Jacksonville, Florida.

Walsh was born in San Jose, California, the daughter of Angela C. and Joseph P. Walsh.
Her father is Irish, being a native of Navan, in County Meath, Ireland, and her mother was of Italian descent.
Walsh has four older siblings, two sisters and two brothers, Sean and Joe, who are film-makers.
She later studied at the University of Arizona, where she got involved in regional theater.
She began as a model in Japan in the 1980s where she also taught English.
She also briefly returned for one episode in season 6 and two episodes in the seventh and eighth seasons.
Beginning in September 2007, Walsh has appeared in television commercials for the 2008 Cadillac CTS.
The new play began previews on May 19 and opened May 27 at Atlantic Stage 2 and played through June 26.
They later married on September 1, 2007 at the Ojai Presbyterian Church in Ojai, north of Los Angeles.
On September 18, 2008, Walsh was elected to serve on the SAG board for a three-year term.
On February 7, 2008, she cut the ribbon to a new dog adoption center named Pedigree Dogstore in Times Square.
While she claimed it was sustainable seafood, Walsh later admitted via her Twitter account that the sushi was fake.
She attended a meeting on Capitol Hill in which they marked the one year anniversary since the BP oil spill.
On November 3, 2012, Walsh spoke in Dubuque, IA during one of President Obama campaign stops days before Election Day. 

However, for the sixth season Sackhoff was later replaced by Rose McGowan for the role due to scheduling conflicts.
In August 2012, Katee became the co-host of the Schmoes Know Movies podcast on The Toadhop Network.
She was born in Fort Smith, Arkansas and died in Tryon, North Carolina.
She was married to William A. Brady Jr. , the son of William A. Brady and actress Grace George.
In 1999, Hepburn was named by the American Film Institute as the greatest female star of Classic Hollywood Cinema.
Raised in Connecticut by wealthy, progressive parents, Hepburn began to act while studying at Bryn Mawr College.
After four years in the theatre, favorable reviews of her work on Broadway brought her to the attention of Hollywood.
In the 1940s she was contracted to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, where her career focused on an alliance with Spencer Tracy.
In the 1970s she began appearing in television films, which became the focus of her career in later life.
She remained active into old age, making her final screen appearance in 1994 at the age of 87.
After a period of inactivity and ill health, Hepburn died in 2003 at the age of 96.
Hepburn famously shunned the Hollywood publicity machine, and refused to conform to society's expectations of women.
She was outspoken, assertive, athletic, and wore trousers before it was fashionable for women to do so.
Hepburn was born in Hartford, Connecticut, on May 12, 1907, the second of six children.
The young Hepburn was a tomboy who liked to call herself Jimmy, and cut her hair short like a boy's.
Hepburn was a fan of movies from a young age, and went to see one every Saturday night.
She shied away from other children, dropped out of Oxford School, and began receiving private tutoring.
She struggled with the scholastic demands of university, and once was suspended for smoking in her room.
Hepburn was drawn to acting, but roles in college plays were conditional on good grades.
The day after graduating, she traveled to Baltimore to meet Edwin H. Knopf, who ran a successful stock theatre company.
She was given a part in the following week's show, but her second performance was less well received.
She was criticized for her shrill voice, and so left Baltimore to study with a voice tutor in New York City.
In early December, after only two weeks, she quit to marry Ludlow Ogden Smith, a college acquaintance.
In the spring of 1930, Hepburn joined a theatre company in Stockbridge, Massachusetts.
She left halfway through the summer season, and continued studying with a drama tutor.
Hepburn appeared in a number of plays with a summer stock company in Ivoryton, Connecticut, and she proved to be a hit.
Offered the role, Hepburn demanded $1,500 a week, a large amount for an unknown actress.
Although she struggled to adapt to the nature of film acting, Hepburn was fascinated by the industry from the start.
By the end of 1933 Hepburn was a respected film actress, but she yearned to prove herself on Broadway.
Jed Harris, one of the most successful theatre producers of the 1920s, was going through a career slump.
It is widely considered one of her worst films, and Hepburn received poor reviews for the effort.
Harris's poor direction had eroded Hepburn's confidence, and she struggled with the performance.
It opened at the Martin Beck Theatre on December 26, 1933, and Hepburn was roundly panned by the critics.
Already tied to a ten-week contract, she had to endure the embarrassment of rapidly declining box office sales.
The film was a hit, one of Hepburn's personal favorites, and gave the actress her second Oscar nomination.
Her hair was cut short for the part, as her character masquerades as a boy for much of the film.
Neither movie was popular with the public, which meant she had made four unsuccessful pictures in a row.
She had a difficult relationship with the press, with whom she could be rude and provocative.
The public was also baffled by her boyish behavior and fashion choices, and she became a largely unpopular figure.
Producer David O. Selznick refused to offer her the part because he felt she had no sex appeal.
Hepburn was praised for her work at early previews, which gave her top billing over Rogers.
The film was nominated for Best Picture at the Academy Awards, but it was not the box-office hit RKO had hoped for.
Hepburn turned it down, and instead opted to buy herself out of her contract for $75,000.
Following this decline in her career, Hepburn took action to create her own comeback vehicle.
It was a big hit, critically and financially, running for 417 performances and then going on a second successful tour.
Several of the major film studios approached Hepburn to produce the movie version of Barry's play.
Hepburn chose her friend and previous costar, Cary Grant, to whom she ceded top billing.
Hepburn passed the outline on to Joseph L. Mankiewicz at MGM, who expressed an interest in the picture.
Her terms accepted, Hepburn was also given the director and costar of her choice, George Stevens and Spencer Tracy.
Critics were unenthusiastic about the production but with Hepburn's popularity at a high it ran for 16 sold-out weeks.
It received poor notices but was a financial success, confirming the popularity of the Tracy–Hepburn pairing.
Hepburn was enthusiastic about the film, but it met with a tepid response and she was described as miscast.
It opened at the Cort Theatre in New York to a capacity audience, and was virtually sold out for 148 shows.
It proved a difficult experience, however, and Hepburn became ill with dysentery during filming.
Hepburn was under pressure to perform several sports to a high standard, many of which did not end up in the film.
The performance brought her a nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy.
Her parents had read Shaw to her when she was a child, which made the play a special experience for the actress.
The movie was filmed in Venice, with Hepburn playing a lonely spinster who has a passionate love affair.
At her own insistence, Hepburn performed a fall into a canal and developed a chronic eye infection as a result.
The role earned her another Academy Award nomination and has been cited as some of her finest work.
Lean later said it was his personal favorite of the films he made, and Hepburn his favorite actress.
It was a critical and commercial failure, and Hepburn considered it the worst film on her resume.
She clashed with director Joseph L. Mankiewicz during filming, which culminated with her spitting at him in disgust.
It was a low-budget production, and she appeared in the film for a tenth of her established salary.
She won her second Best Actress Award at the Oscars, 34 years after winning her first.
Hepburn felt the award was not just for her, but was also given to honor Tracy.
Hepburn quickly returned to acting after Tracy's death, choosing to preoccupy herself as a remedy against grief.
She read extensively in preparation for the role, in which she starred opposite Peter O'Toole.
The picture was a failure critically and financially, and reviews targeted Hepburn for giving a misguided performance.
She admitted that before the show, she had never sat through a theatrical musical.
The studio disliked her changes, so Hepburn abandoned the project and was replaced with Maggie Smith.
It received positive reviews and high ratings, and earned Hepburn her only Emmy Award.
Basil was deemed a perfect showcase for the actress, and the play was popular despite poor reviews.
During its Los Angeles run, Hepburn fractured her hip, but she chose to continue the tour performing in a wheelchair.
Hepburn claimed the main reason she had done it was the opportunity to ride in a hot-air balloon.
It was the last of ten films Hepburn made with George Cukor, and gained her a third Emmy nomination.
By the 1980s, Hepburn had developed a noticeable tremor, giving her a permanently shaking head.
She hoped to make a film out of the production, but nobody purchased the rights.
Hepburn found humor in the morbid theme, but reviews were negative and the box-office was poor.
In 1985, she presented a television documentary about the life and career of Spencer Tracy.
With each release, Hepburn would declare it her final screen appearance, but she continued to take on new roles.
At 86 years old, she played a supporting role alongside Annette Bening and Warren Beatty.
Hepburn was known for being fiercely private, and would not give interviews or talk to fans for much of her career.
The actress led an active private life, reportedly swimming and playing tennis every morning.
The couple married on December 12, 1928, when she was 21 and he was 29.
Hepburn stuck to her decision not to remarry, and made a conscious choice not to have children.
She believed that motherhood should be a full-time commitment, and said it was not one she was willing to make.
Rumors have existed since the 1930s that Hepburn may have been a lesbian or bisexual, which she often joked about.
In 2007, William J. Mann released a biography of the actress in which he argued this was the case.
With Tracy determined to conceal the relationship with Hepburn from his wife, it had to remain private.
They were careful not to be seen in public together, and maintained separate residences.
Reports from people who saw them together describe how Hepburn's entire demeanor changed when around Tracy.
Tracy's health declined significantly in the 1960s, and Hepburn took a five-year break in her career to care for him.
She moved into Tracy's house for this period, and was with him when he died on June 10, 1967.
By 1997 she had become very weak, was speaking and eating very little, and it was feared she would die.
Many tributes were held on television, and newspapers and magazines dedicated issues to the actress.
In honor of her extensive theatre work, the lights of Broadway were dimmed for the evening of July 1, 2003.
In 2004, in accordance with Hepburn's wishes, her belongings were put up for auction with Sotheby's in New York.
She was known to learn not only her own lines but also those of her costars.
The characters Hepburn played were, with very few exceptions, wealthy and intelligent, and often strong and independent.
These tough characters tended to be humbled in some form and revealed to have a hidden vulnerability.
Hepburn is one of America's most celebrated actresses, but she has also been criticized for a lack of versatility.
She contributed towards making trousers acceptable for women, as fans began to imitate her clothing.
Her clipped, patrician voice is considered one of the most distinctive in film history.
Three years later Bryn Mawr College, Hepburn's alma mater, launched the Katharine Houghton Hepburn Center.
In 2015, the British Film Institute held a two-month retrospective of Hepburn's work.
The first deals with her relationship with Spencer Tracy, and the second covers her early years in Hollywood .
Hepburn also holds the record for the longest time span between first and last Oscar nominations, at 48 years.
During her 66-year career, Hepburn appeared in 44 feature films, 8 television movies, and 33 plays.
Katharine Hepburn, who played the mother of Houghton's character in the film, was in real life Houghton's aunt.
Houghton was born in Hartford, Connecticut, the second child of Marion Hepburn and Ellsworth Grant.
She attended Kingswood-Oxford School and Sarah Lawrence College, where she majored in philosophy and art.
The acting torch was further passed along in the family to actress Schuyler Grant, Houghton's niece.
Houghton is also a playwright and has translated the works of others for the stage, as well as writing her own plays.
Houghton is the stepmother of Jenkins' three sons from his first marriage to actress and painter Joan Patchen. 
Ross was born in Hollywood, California, on January 29, 1940, when her father, Dudley Ross, was in the Navy.
Ross was a keen horse rider in her youth and was friends with Casey Tibbs, a rodeo rider.
While at the Workshop, she began acting in television series in Los Angeles to earn extra money.
She was brought to Hollywood by Metro, dropped, then picked up by Universal.
She preferred stage acting, and returned to the small playhouses in Los Angeles for much of the 1970s.
Her first marriage was to actor Joel Fabiani from February 28, 1960 to 1962.
The couple married in 1984 and have a daughter, Cleo Rose Elliott, born in 1984.
After college, Bailess went on to study at the William Esper Studio's two-year intensive program.
Bailess currently plays the role of Kyle Hart in the VH1 scripted series Hit the Floor. 
She was born in Beaumont, Texas and moved to Kansas City, Kansas with her family.

She had an affair with James Montgomery Flagg, the famous painter, and a friend of hers.
The affair took place during the waning years of her marriage to Barrymore though it wasn't the cause for their split.
They had five children: Christopher , Christina , Catalina , Duncan , and Valentina .
Their first child, Christopher, was found drowned in the lily pond of W.C. Fields at age two.
Katherine DeMille died of Alzheimer's disease in Tucson, Arizona in 1995, at age 83.
 Katherine Dunham Katherine Mary Dunham was an American dancer, choreographer, author, educator, and social activist.
Her father, Albert Millard Dunham, was a descendant of slaves from West Africa and Madagascar.
While still a high-school student, she opened a private dance school for young black children.
She consequently decided to major in anthropology and to focus on dances of the African diaspora.
Years later, after extensive studies and initiations, she became a mambo in the Vodun religion.
She also studied ballet with Mark Turbyfill and Ruth Page, who became prima ballerina of the Chicago Opera.
Through her ballet teachers, she was also exposed to Spanish, East Indian, Javanese, and Balinese dance forms.
It was a venue for Dunham to teach young black dancers about their African heritage.
In 1934–36 Dunham performed as a guest artist with the ballet company of the Chicago Opera.
It opened in Chicago in 1933, with a black cast and with Page dancing the title role.
Upon returning to Chicago, the company performed at the Goodman Theater and at the Abraham Lincoln Center.
With choreography characterized by exotic sexuality, both became signature works in the Dunham repertory.
At this time Dunham first became associated with designer John Pratt, whom she later married.
In Boston, the bastion of conservatism, the show was banned in 1944 after only one performance.
After Mexico, Dunham began touring in Europe, where she was an immediate sensation.
This was the beginning of more than 20 years of performing almost exclusively outside America.
This was followed by television spectaculars filmed in London, Buenos Aires, Toronto, Sydney, and Mexico City.
Subsequently, Dunham undertook various choreographic commissions at several venues in the United States and in Europe.
In 1967 she officially retired after presenting a final show at the famous Apollo Theater in Harlem, New York.
Schools inspired by it later opened in Stockholm, Paris, and Rome by dancers trained by Dunham.
The PATC drew on former members of Dunham's touring company as well as local residents for its teaching staff.
Understanding that the fact was due to racial discrimination, she made sure the incident was publicized.
The incident was widely discussed in the Brazilian press and became a hot political issue.
In recognition of her stance, President Aristide later awarded her a medal of Haiti's highest honor.
After he became her artistic collaborator, they became romantically involved, despite the difference in their races.
Katherine Dunham and John Pratt married in 1949 to adopt Marie-Christine, a French 14-month-old baby.
From the beginning of their association, around 1938, Pratt designed the sets and every costume Dunham ever wore.
When she was not performing, Dunham and Pratt often visited Haiti for extended stays.
He had been a promising philosophy professor at Howard University and a protégé of Alfred North Whitehead.
He was only one of a number of international celebrities who were Dunham's friends.
Glory Van Scott and Jean-Léon Destiné were among other former Dunham dancers who remained her lifelong friends.
On May 21, 2006, at the age of 96, Dunham died in her sleep from natural causes in New York City.
In 1975, aged six, she appeared in the televised SuperSkates exhibition at Madison Square Garden.
Healy's true career goal, however, was not to be a figure skater, but to become a professional ballet dancer.
She graduated Magna cum Laude from Princeton University in 1990 with a degree in Art History.
Roland Petit created a principal role for her in Mozart et la Danse in 1991.
Her appearance in 1996 was in a piece choreographed especially for her by Heinz Spoerli.
She returned to the United States in 1997, where she resumed her skating career.
She was married to World and Olympic figure skating coach Peter Burrows for 17 years.
She was widowed on April 9, 2014, upon his passing at the age of 75.
She worked as a skating coach and choreographer in Monsey, New York and in New Hyde Park, New York.
She was a regular performer and choreographer for the Ice Theatre of New York until 2005.
She taught on the faculty of the Valentina Kozlova Dance Conservatory of New York until June, 2008.
 Katherine Heigl Katherine Marie Heigl is an American actress, film producer and former fashion model.
Heigl started her career as a child model with Wilhelmina Models before turning her attention to acting.
Heigl is married to singer Josh Kelley, with whom she has two adopted daughters.
Heigl was born in West End, Washington, D.C., in Columbia Hospital for Women.
Her father is of German and Irish descent, and her mother is of German ancestry.
When Heigl was nine, an aunt visiting the family decided to take a number of photographs of her.
Soon after signing with the agency, a client slated Heigl for use in a magazine advertisement where she made her debut.
At the time, she was earning $75 an hour posing for Sears and Lord & Taylor catalogs.
Heigl dropped out of New Canaan High School after her sophomore year to pursue her career in Hollywood.
The main plotline has the train hijacked by mercenaries in Colorado, keeping her as a hostage.
Much of her work in the film was opposite Morris Chestnut, Sandra Taylor and Everett McGill.
The device ends up in the hands of a terrorist following betrayal by a fellow student.
The initiative features a Public Service Announcement starring Heigl and produced by Funny or Die.
Heigl is a strong proponent of organ donation, working as a spokesperson for Donate Life America. 
She later ran a summer theatre in the Catskills for three seasons and taught acting in university theatre programs.
She made her television debut in 1962, but would not achieve fame until the 1970s.
The show was a ratings success, running for eight seasons and finishing in the Nielsen 'Top 10' four straight years.
Helmond was born in Galveston, Texas, in 1929, the only child of Joseph P. and Thelma Helmond.
After their divorce she married her second husband, David Christian and the couple have been together since 1962.
They have owned homes in Los Angeles, New York City, Long Island and London.
 Katherine Justice Katherine Justice is an American actress with several television credits to her name. 
LaNasa was born in New Orleans, Louisiana, the daughter of Anne and Dr. James J. LaNasa, Jr., a surgeon.
The soap-type series was canceled after single season, ending it on a cliffhanger, on May, 2013.
LaNasa, at the age of age 22, married 53-year-old actor Dennis Hopper in June 1989; the couple divorced in April 1992.
In July 2012, LaNasa became engaged to actor Grant Show, marrying him a few weeks later, on August 18.
She gave birth to the couple's first child, daughter Eloise McCue, on March 21, 2014. 
Starting her career as a popular model in New York City in the 1910s, MacDonald moved to Los Angeles in 1917.
She had a public feud with her sister, fellow actress Mary MacLaren, five years her junior.
While working as a model in New York City, Katherine met her first husband, artist K. Malcolm Struss.
They married in 1910 but the marriage was short-lived, and they officially divorced in 1919.
She married Charles S. Johnston, a young Chicago millionaire, in 1924 and they soon had one son, Britt.
After leaving the movie industry MacDonald ran a successful cosmetics business in the late 1920s and early 1930s.
Her statistics list her height as with a weight of , with brown hair and blue eyes.
Moennig was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to Broadway dancer Mary Zahn and William H. Moennig III.
Moennig moved to New York City at the age of 18 to study at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts.
Moennig was a presenter at the 17th annual GLAAD awards and appeared at the 10th annual Ribbon of Hope Celebration.
Directed by Gigi Nicolas, the documentary explored the experiences of homeless gay youth and the work of the HMI.
Moennig was an ambassador for the brand, appearing in the launch video and designing a limited edition pair of boots. 
She was born in New York City and died in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles.
During the 1960s, Squire continued her career in films, television and stage roles.
In 1940, Squire married actor George Mitchell, with whom she often worked on stage, in film, and on television.
Squire died on March 29, 1995 in Lake Hill, New York, at the age of 92.
Walsh was born in Kenton County, Kentucky, United States, North America to Martha and Thomas Walsh .
Walsh was a graduate of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London, England, and attended the University of London.
Although her death was cited as murder, no details have ever been known to be released, and the case remains unsolved . 

She is married to Harry Santiago-Perez, CPA and both have lived in Philadelphia, PA since 2004.
She then combined her studies in biology with elective classes in the school's theater department.
She travels weekly to New York City to audition for TV commercials, short films, TV programs, and movies.
She joined Mitchell/Rudolph Casting class to maintain herself up to date in the acting business.
Born in San Luis Obispo, California, she appeared in many films and television series.
A breast cancer survivor, Browne died of natural causes in 2003 in Beverly Hills, California, at the age of 72.
She was survived by her husband, actor Darren McGavin, who died on February 26, 2006, and four step-children. 

She appeared on the show until 1974, when she quit to move from New York City to Los Angeles.
She blamed this on the contents of her role, complaining it could have been played by anyone.
Her character was initially going to be a teenager, but Beller insisted on playing someone more mature.
Beller blamed her departure from the show on the new writers who were hired in 1984.
When she arrived, however, she was asked if she could start working right away.
She has been married to musician Thomas Dolby, since July 2, 1988; they have three children. 
The contest, announced in July 1932, allegedly had 60,000 applicants from around the country.
Her final film role was in 1938, whereupon she retired from screen acting at the age of 25. 
She studied acting with Wynn Handman, who was a protégé of Sanford Meisner and with Alessandro Fersen in Rome, Italy.
Her awards for her performance include the Outer Circle Critics, Drama Desk, Obie and Lucille Lortel awards.
She began her career as a child, dancing in her parents' vaudeville act.
She was a founding member, in 1946, of the Circle Players at The Circle Theatre, now known as El Centro Theatre.
In addition to teaching acting classes in Los Angeles, Freeman was a familiar presence on television.
Five days later, she died of lung cancer at age 82 at Lenox Hill Hospital.
British reports of her death included her surviving long-time companion, Helen Ramsey, but U.S. obituaries did not. 
 Kathleen Hughes Kathleen Hughes is an American film, stage, and television actress from Hollywood, California.
Signed to a seven-year contract with 20th Century Fox, she made fourteen films for the studio.
Released on May 27, 1953, the sci-fi feature was adapted from the writing of Ray Bradbury.
The marriage lasted 59 years, until Rubin died on March 2, 2014 from natural causes at the age of 96. 
 Kathleen Key Kathleen Key was an American actress who achieved a brief period of fame during the silent era.
Key spent a year in Australia as a leading woman in productions of Snow Baker around this time.
In 1923, as her career slowly progressed, she was selected one of the WAMPAS Baby Stars.
In the early '30s, Key had a well-known love affair with silent-film actor Buster Keaton, who was married at the time.
 Kathleen Kinmont Kathleen Kinmont is an American actress who starred in film and on television.
Kathleen Kinmont Smith was born in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of actress Abby Dalton and Jack Smith.
She was married to Lorenzo Lamas, who starred as the main character on the series.
Kathleen is currently involved in a variety of projects as a writer, director and director of photography.
Based on a novel by Harold Bell Wright, it was one of the highly regarded films of 1915.
When her family moved to Los Angeles she acted in plays in Burbank, California.
In 1924 Kirkham sued the William Fox vaudeville company for failure to pay $750 it owed her as an employee.
Kirkham was granted a full judgment against Fox, but the company asked for a rehearing in September 1924.
In July 1934 Kirkham was working as a teller at Security-First National Bank in southern California.
Maguire died from cancer of the esophagus on August 9, 1989, at Calvary Hospital, The Bronx, New York.
 Kathleen Nolan Kathleen Nolan -- often billed as Kathy Nolan -- is an American actress.
Her family also acted in tent shows and had their own troupe, the Circle Stock Company.
She graduated from high school in St. Louis and sang on a radio station there.
She is a life member of the Actors Studio and a recipient of the Women in Film Crystal Award.


Her father died of a coronary thrombosis that same year, and then the family moved back to the United States.
During that period, Turner acted in several productions directed by the film and stage director Steve Yeager.
Turner ultimately became one of the top box office draws, and most sought-after actresses, of the 1980s and early 1990s.
In that film, Turner played a former gymnast, and, as in other roles, she did many of her own stunts.
Despite drug therapy to help her condition, the disease progressed for about eight years.
In December 2014 and January 2015, Turner performed the same show at Berkeley Repertory Theatre.
Turner has worked with Planned Parenthood of America since age 19, and later became a chairperson.
In the book, Turner claimed that Nicolas Cage had gotten drunk, and stole a chihuahua that he liked.
Widdoes was born in Wilmington, Delaware, the daughter of Bernice and Eugene Widdoes.
Widdoes moved to Manhattan to pursue stage work and studied at the Sorbonne in Paris under a Fulbright scholarship.
From 1964 to 1972 she was married to well-known actor Richard Jordan, with whom she had her daughter Nina.
Although returning frequently to New York theatre, Widdoes is probably most known for her work in soap operas.
 Kathleen Wilhoite Kathleen Wilhoite is an American stage, film and television actress, as well as a singer-songwriter.
However, she is listed on the 1880 United States Census as being one year old as of June 1, 1880.
She also joined the Woman's Relief Corps that allowed her to showcase her vocal prowess at local recitals.
Although she was known for having an adequate singing voice, acting became Williams' main vocation.
She lost her father around 1894 when she was a teenager, and her mother remarried Fred Lavoie in 1895.
In order to make ends meet, her mother made extra money by renting out homes in nearby Centerville.
Her family was of limited means; therefore, Kathlyn had to rely on the charity of others to pay her way through school.
Kathlyn evolved from a comedian and serial player in silents to portraying character roles in the early 1930s.
They were wed on October 2, 1903, and their son, Victor Hugo, was born in 1905.
The case made headlines in newspapers across the country, and made its way to the New York Supreme Court.
By 1910, Williams and her young son uprooted themselves to Los Angeles, where she obtained acting jobs.
She later married Paramount Pictures executive Charles Eyton on June 2, 1916, in Riverside, California.
While there he met Kathlyn, who was a member of the Willard Mack stock company.
He and Williams had been engaged earlier but a lover's quarrel broke them up.
Her son was previously enrolled at Harvard Military Academy before he became a student at Hollywood High School.
In June 1951, Williams accepted the offer of $6,500 dollars from the Rose estate.
She was found dead in her bedroom at her 1428 North Crescent Heights apartment where she resided for nearly 30 years.

 Kathryn Adams Doty Kathryn Adams Doty, born Kathryn Elizabeth Hohn , is a retired American actress.
She married fellow actor Hugh Beaumont in 1942, with whom she had three children: Hunter, Kristy, and Mark.
She later earned a Master's Degree in Educational Psychology and had a career as a psychologist.
After divorcing Beaumont in 1974, she married Fred Doty, and relocated to her native Minnesota.
Her parents divorced when she was four years old; she and her sister stayed with her mother.
Soon after Crawford's mother fell ill, her father moved the family to Los Angeles, California.
In 1934, she married James Edgar Jr in 1934 and retired from the screen.
Crawford married Ralph M. Parson, with whom she would remain married until his death in 1974.
When her film career ended, Crawford turned to interior decorating, which she pursued for 40 years.
Crawford died of cancer at the Las Encinas Hospital in Pasadena, California, on December 10, 1980.
Two years later she became Bing Crosby's second wife, being more than thirty years his junior.
A nearby bridge carrying U.S. Route 158 over the Yadkin River is named for Kathryn Crosby.
Born in Kiowa, Kansas, Kathryn was the youngest daughter of Lorenzo and Katie Bridenstine, who had four more children.
Kathryn chose her mother's maiden name for her stage name, packed her bags, and left home to pursue her acting career.
For over 50 years, she appeared on Broadway, Off Broadway, on radio, television and film.
There she taught students how to deal with things such as auditions and working in television.
Kathryn died at age 96 on December 12, 2004 in a nursing home in Joplin, Missouri.
She was cremated and her ashes were placed with her brother's in Rose Hills Memorial Park in Whittier, California.
She was a member of the Screen Actors Guild and the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists.
In her 60s, she enrolled in tap dancing lessons and in her 70s, she took French lessons.
 Kathryn Erbe Kathryn Elsbeth Erbe is an American actress known for her role as Det.
Erbe was formerly married to actor Terry Kinney, with whom she has two children. 
On May 28, 2013, Fiore gave birth to her first child, a girl, named Alice Harper Fiore Tigerman.
She also guest-starred on the Fox television drama K-Ville, with Anthony Anderson and John Carroll Lynch.

Metro hoped to find a replacement for Deanna Durbin, who left the studio for Universal Pictures.
For the next 18 months, Grayson went through voice lessons, drama coaching, diction, diets and exercise.
Ann Sothern was also slated to appear, however, this fell through as well.
In the first, Grayson plays the teenage daughter, Rebecca, of the eccentric Yancey family from Lynchburg, Virginia.
Set in 1913, the film was based on Rebecca Yancey Williams's own family.
Both films performed poorly at the box office, and audiences thought the plots absurd.
Grayson went to costume designer Helen Rose and she sewed pieces of brass into Grayson's gloves.
Any time Lanza attempted to french kiss her after that, she hit him with the brass-filled glove.
She portrayed an opera singer with laryngitis, alongside Van Johnson who played her doctor and love interest.
Grayson's musical performances do appear in the film, but in the form of recordings.
Shelton and Grayson eloped to Las Vegas, Nevada, where they were married on July 11, 1941.
In July 1942, Shelton moved out of their Brentwood home and into his own apartment.
On October 3, 1951, Grayson was granted a divorce from Johnston on the grounds of mental cruelty.
Though she never married again, Grayson was frequently seen in the late 1950s with Robert Evans.

Hahn was born in Westchester, Illinois and has German, Irish, and English ancestry.
They have two children: a boy, Leonard and a girl, Mae ; Mae was born prematurely.
She attended Tazewell High School and Mills College in Oakland, California, majoring in drama.
Harrold retrained in psychology and now runs her own counseling practice in Los Angeles, California. 
 Kathryn Ish Kathryn Ish was an American Broadway theater, film, television and voiceover actress.
She was reportedly heavily influenced by her high school drama teacher, who was a former vaudeville actor.
Ish and her husband, actor Richard Stahl, met in New York City in 1959.
Additionally, Ish worked as a voiceover actress in over 75 films and television shows.
She worked as an acting and singing teacher at Santa Barbara City College during her later years.
Ish died of cancer on December 31, 2007, at her home in Santa Barbara, California.
She was 71 years old, and was survived by their daughter Allegra, and a son, Oliver. 
Following her 1980 divorce, she began acting in community theater in 1982, at age 42.
In 1992, she was hired as a street performer working for Disney World in Orlando, Florida.
In 2001, she quit her 45-year smoking habit when she was diagnosed with lung cancer.
She subsequently underwent surgery and four rounds of chemotherapy, and was found to be cancer-free in January 2010.
Joosten was named the national spokesperson for the Lung Cancer Profiles campaign on behalf of Pfizer.
Joosten died of lung cancer on the morning of June 2, 2012, after an 11-year battle with the disease.
Poignantly, viewers in the United Kingdom first saw her onscreen death the day after her real life passing. 
 Kathryn Kates Kathryn Kates is an American actress now living and working in New York City.
It has been listed in the Encyclopædia Britannica Almanac as one of “25 Notable US Theater Companies.” Career.
She also appeared in Reggie Rock Bythewood’s new pilot for the BET network, Gun Hill, as Bora.
Ms. Kates also had a recurring role on the Disney hit series Lizzie McGuire as the zany neighbor, Mrs. Carrabino .
Bowman in Hudson Street with Tony Danza , and as Mable Maloney in a 2 part Matlock, TV series, The Witness Killings .
Kathryn's sister, Mallory Kates, is an entrepreneur and her brother, Joshua Kates, is a psychotherapist.

Born in Peoria, Illinois, she was said to be recognized by critics and fans alike as one of the rising stars in film.
At an early age, Kathryn's family moved to Aurora, Illinois and then to Chicago.
By the time she graduated at about the age of fourteen, her parents were ready to move to California.
Among the spectators was Thomas H. Ince, who immediately offered Kathryn a solo number in a production he was making.
Her dancing skills led her not only to find jobs at Ince, but also at Universal and Mack Sennett.
She is also known for portraying the older version of Claire Novak in the CW series Supernatural.
 Kathryn Sheldon Kathryn Sheldon was an American film actress who appeared in over 100 films between 1916 and 1956.
She is a Phi Beta Kappa graduate of Wells College in Aurora, New York, and was a Fulbright Scholar in music and drama.
Born in Los Angeles, California, she is the daughter of actor Georg Stanford Brown and actress Tyne Daly.

For this performance, she received her second Academy Award nomination, for Best Supporting Actress.
In the episode Charlie has returned as a ghost to haunt his brother, Alan .
For that role, she won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie.

Garver was born in Long Beach, California, the daughter of Rosemary and Hayes Gilbert Garver.
After high school, she entered UCLA, majoring in speech and drama, until her graduation in 1968.
In addition to her television work, Garver has lent her voice talents to numerous commercials, toys, and audiobooks.
Her Beatrix Potter tapes have sold over two million copies and have won numerous awards.
She lives in Hillsborough, California, with her husband, David Travis, and son, Reid.
In 1995, a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs, California Walk of Stars was dedicated to her.

She had been involved with television, feature films, and stage work for years.
For two years after high school, Kathy Kinney worked for the California Conservation Corps between 1972 and 1974.
During this time at WCBS she also worked nights at New York comedy clubs to improve her improvisational comedy skills.
In 2008, Kinney became the co-creator and star of , an entertainment website for children.
After nearly two years in development, the site launched in beta on November 10, 2008.
She repeated the role on April Fool's Day 2010, this time usurping the post of executive producer.
Kolla’s debut feature film “Who Is Billy Bones?” premiered at the Downtown Film Festival Los Angeles in 2015.
Prior to her film work, she was best known for two Off Broadway shows with Mo Gaffney working as the duo Kathy and Mo.
One of the shows became an HBO comedy special and garnered Najimy her first nationwide fan base.
Premiering in August 2015, Najimy appeared in Disney's Descendants as the Evil Queen.
Najimy, an outspoken feminist, is also noted as an activist for human rights and gay rights.
She uses her celebrity status to donate money to charities by appearing on game shows.
In 2013, she was a contestant on on Team Rachael where she was playing for PETA, cooking only vegetarian food.
Najimy also appeared on the $25,000 Pyramid on the episode dated July 31, 1985.

She competed in pageants in 1995, and was Miss Maine Teen USA 1995 and first runner-up at Miss Teen USA 1995.
She then studied for two years at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York.
Cassidy was born in Los Angeles, the daughter of actor David Cassidy and Sherry Benedon.
Cassidy also has two younger cousins that live in Australia named Samantha Cassidy and Jasmine Cassidy.
Cassidy has a younger half-brother named Beau, born in 1991, from her father's third marriage to Sue Shifrin.
In her youth, Cassidy was a cheerleader for the California Flyers, a competitive team.
She was 15 at the time, five years younger than her dad when he recorded his version.
Making her debut in the show's third season, Cassidy appeared in over six episodes.
In 2008, though her character returned for the show's fourth season, Cassidy was replaced by actress Genevieve Cortese.
Cassidy and her fellow cast members were not told about their characters' deaths until the day they received a script.
Cassidy made her first appearance in the season premiere and went on to appear in over eleven episodes of the season.
Production began in May 2010 with filming taking place in Monaco, Budapest, Paris, and Texas.

She attended Bowie High School in Arlington, Texas and participated in numerous drama activities.
She graduated with a bachelor's degree of fine arts in 2005 and afterwards moved to Los Angeles.
She was raised in Miami, Florida, where she attended the New World School of the Arts High School.
Finneran and actor Daren Goldstein married on August 22, 2010; the couple has two children.
The show opened March 27, 2010 and Finneran left the show on October 10, 2010 due to her pregnancy.
She won the 2010 Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical for this role.
She has performed several roles in The American Girls Revue at American Girl Place New York.
Many critics and audiences agreed that Holmes had given her best performance in the film as April.
She graduated from the all-female Notre Dame Academy in Toledo , where she was a 4.0 student.
She was cast in the role of Libbets Casey, in the film which starred Kevin Kline and Sigourney Weaver.
I thought, 'There is no way I'm not playing Lola to go audition for some network.
The film received excellent reviews and made a profit, and Holmes herself was liked by critics.
The film told the story of a creative writing teacher at a university, with Michael Douglas in the leading role.
Holmes did her first nude scene for the film, in a scene where her character was about to be murdered.
Many critics and audiences agreed that Holmes had given her best performance in the film as April.
But not all were negative, as she was nominated for a Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress in the same role.
Linda Stasi felt that Holmes took a while to get into the role, but was ultimately convincing as Kennedy.
Bob Owen felt that while Holmes resembled Kennedy, Holmes could not perform her accent correctly.
She has appeared in advertisements for Garnier Lumia haircolor, Coach leather goods, and clothing retailer Gap.
In 2008, Holmes started a high fashion clothing line called Holmes & Yang with longtime stylist Jeanne Yang.
Beginning January 2011, she became the new face of Ann Taylor Spring 11 collection.
Holmes & Yang presented their fashion line at New York Fashion Week for the first time in September 2012.
In January 2013, Holmes was announced as the brand ambassador and co-owner of Alterna Haircare.
Klein and Holmes were engaged in late 2003, but in early 2005 she and Klein ended their relationship.
Holmes, who was raised a Roman Catholic, began studying Scientology shortly after the couple began dating.
On June 29, 2012, Holmes filed for divorce from Cruise in New York after five years of marriage.
On July 9, 2012, attorneys for the couple announced the couple signed a divorce settlement.
Following her divorce from Cruise, Holmes returned to the Catholic Church and began attending St. Francis Xavier Church.
In June 2011, Holmes received the Women in Film Max Mara Face of the Future Award.
She is married to Timothy Hooten, and is the sister of filmmakers Cory Edwards and Todd Edwards.
As a child she participated in theatre, and along with her brothers, made Super 8 home videos.
She is a graduate of Anderson University, of which her father is the president.
Katie Leclerc was born in San Antonio, Texas, and grew up in Lakewood, Colorado.
She started learning American Sign Language at 17, before she found out she had a disorder which includes hearing loss.
She married long-time boyfriend Brian Habecost, a real estate salesman, on September 6, 2014.
She then moved to San Diego, to pursue theatre at Valley Center High School.
At the same time, we felt that using a deaf accent would be a really strong choice for the character. 
Before landing her breakout role on the show, she worked as nanny for Connie Britton's adopted son.

She was born Katherine Wright in Kansas City, Missouri, and grew up in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Wright retired from acting in 2001 and is currently studying to be a family therapist.
She had been dating actor/director Hank Azaria since 2007 and gave birth to their son on June 6, 2009.


The show's final episode aired in January 2013, in total consisting of 7 seasons.
The film was released in a limited release and grossed over $4,749,516 and premiered at the Sundance Film Festival.
She was also the face of the Jordache television campaign that made its premiere in September 2011.
The film was released on April 5, 2012 to mixed reviews but financial success.
They were wed May 19, 2013 in the Brooklyn Botanical Garden in New York. 
During her time on All That, Johnson was also performing stand-up comedy at the Laugh Factory in Los Angeles.
As of 2014, Johnson lived in Las Vegas where she hosted an online radio show, Uncensored Radio's Guilty Pleasures. 

Like many Latin actors, she was typecast to play ethnic roles in American films.
By contrast, she had a greater variety of roles in Mexican films; sometimes she also sang and danced.
Katy Jurado was born María Cristina Jurado García on January 16, 1924, in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico.
Jurado's cousin, Emilio Portes Gil, was president of Mexico beginning in 1928.
Considered by many as the best Mexican picaresque novel, the film was directed by Miguel Contreras Torres.
In addition to acting, Jurado worked as a movie columnist, radio reporter and bullfight critic to support her family.
She was on assignment when Director Budd Boetticher and actor John Wayne spotted her at a bullfight.
Jurado stayed close to home, as the film was made on location in Mexico.
At that time she had very limited English language skills, and memorized and delivered her lines phonetically.
Jurado quickly learned to speak English for the role, studying and taking classes two hours a day for two months.
She earned a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress and gained widespread notice in the American movie industry.
Despite her Hollywood success in the early 1950s, Jurado continued to act in Mexican productions.
It was a drama about a Mexican boy accused of raping a white girl, with Jurado playing the mother of the accused.
For this role she was again nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress.
In 1968, she moved back to Mexico permanently, though she continued to appear in American films as a character actress.
In 1992, she was honored with the Golden Boot Award for her notable contribution to the Western genre.
Early in her career in Hollywood, Jurado had affairs with John Wayne, Budd Boetticher, and Tyrone Power.
He was involved at the time with Movita Castaneda and was having a parallel relationship with Rita Moreno.
The marriage ended in 1964, according to Jurado due to Borgnine's violently jealous temperament.

While at St. Mary's, she acted in plays, played basketball, and was a member of the Delta Phi Epsilon sorority.
Following her high school graduation in 1934, Aldridge found work with the John Powers modeling agency in New York.
Contemporary artist Anne Taintor used advertisements featuring Aldridge as the base for a number of her pieces.
Aldridge died of a heart attack on January 12, 1995 in Rockport, Maine.
Aldridge's oldest daughter, Melissa Brumder of New York, died just before her. 
At age 17, Kay became engaged to a well-to-do Pittsfield, Massachusetts man, James Dwight Francis.
While there, she was courted by a former Harvard athlete and member of the Boston Bar Association, Bill Gaston.
Francis claimed she got the part by “lying a lot, to the right people”.
Written by Ring Lardner and produced by George M. Cohan, Walter Huston was the star.
Francis, signed to a Paramount contract, also made the move, and created an immediate impression.
Francis' career at Paramount changed gears when Warner Brothers promised her star status at a better salary.
By the mid-thirties, Francis was one of the highest-paid people in the United States.
When MacKenna's Hollywood career foundered, he found himself spending more time in New York, and they divorced in 1934.
She died in 1968, aged 63, and her body was immediately cremated; her ashes were scattered.

Kay, as she was known, resolved to become an actress after leaving boarding school in Ohio.
Her mother reluctantly permitted her to take a course at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts.
She was accompanied by her soon to-be-husband John Cromwell who worked as a director in Hollywood.
Kay Johnson died from undisclosed causes at the age of 70 in Waterford, Connecticut. 
A former child performer, Lenz has worked primarily in television and has won two Emmy Awards.
Lenz was born in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of Ted Lenz, a producer radio engineer mother.
They married on April 3, 1977, and divorced on December 28, 1983, She has no children. 

Panabaker holds a Seat on the National Board of the Coalition for Quality Children's Media. 
 Kay Thompson Kay Thompson was an American author, composer, musician, actress and singer.
Thompson's parents were married on November 29, 1905, in East St. Louis, St. Clair County, Illinois.
Thompson began her career in the 1930s as a singer and choral director for radio.
In 1935, she recorded four sides for Brunswick , and another four sides for Victor.
The 4 Brunswick sides are excellent examples of mid-1930's sophisticated New York cabaret singing.
The song debuted on March 10, 1956, and became a Top 40 hit, selling over 100,000 copies.
Throughout the 1950s and early 1960s, Kay mentored the solo career of the young Andy Williams.
In 2007, Julie Hurd Szende, confirmed that the ashes of both her mother and aunt in her possession.
She has worked on occasion as a spokesperson and plus size model for the online retailer Torrid.
Stroh was born in Salt Lake City, Utah, the daughter of Cindy and Bruce Stroh.
 Kaye Ballard Kaye Ballard is an American musical theatre and television actress, comedienne and singer.
Kaye established herself as a musical comedienne in the 1940s, joining the Spike Jones touring revue of entertainers.
In 1995, she was awarded a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs Walk of Stars.
She also performed with The Fabulous Palm Springs Follies at the Plaza Theatre in Palm Springs, California.

From there she went on tour with The Rat Pack, Johnny Carson and Bob Hope.
Her new song was a huge success and soon after Kaye decided that she had to write new songs and create an album.
Her family eventually moved to Cleveland, where Stevens got her start as a drummer and singer as a teenager.
Stevens, lived in the City of Margate, FL for more than 45 years .
Stevens served as Grand Marshal in many of the City's 4th of July parades, and a City park is named in her honor.
In her last 20 years, Stevens did Christian ministry and only performed Christian or patriotic music.
Stevens died on December 28, 2011, aged 79, after battling breast cancer and blood clots.

She studied dance, singing, and acting at the Orange County Song & Dance Company in Westminster.
Ewell was spotted by a talent agent while taking an acting class around 1999, and asked to go on an audition.
Her character did return however in the finale of the second season, and at the start of season 3.
The film was named after a 1950s Norman Rockwell painting that featured bluegrass musicians playing in a barbershop.
Ewell was in a relationship with actor Kellan Lutz from September 2006 to July 2008.
DeFer was born in Tucson, Arizona, where she attended school at Desert Christian School.
The series follows the personal lives of the staff and friends at a remote ski resort.
The series premiered on September 22, 2004, but was cancelled after four months.
The series centers on the day-to-day life of Gold family whom reside in Long Island, New York.
The series premiered on September 11, 2005 to 7.2 million viewers, but received generally negative reviews from critics.
DeFer had previously auditioned for the role of Raina Thorpe, but she did not receive the part.
DeFer reprised her role of Ivy in the series' sixth and final season and was listed as a main cast member.
Throughout this period, traditionally nomadic life and a livestock-based economy continued to dominate the steppe.
At its height the Khanate would rule parts of Central Asia and control the land previously known as Cumania.
The Kazakhs nomads would raid people of Russian territory for slaves until it became a part of Russian Empire.
During the 17th century, Kazakhs fought Oirats, a federation of western Mongol tribes, including Dzungars.
The tsars effectively ruled over most of the territory belonging to what is now the Republic of Kazakhstan.
The revolt resulted in a series of clashes and in brutal massacres committed by both sides.
In 1920, the area of present-day Kazakhstan became an autonomous republic within the Soviet Union.
Soviet rule took hold, and a Communist apparatus steadily worked to fully integrate Kazakhstan into the Soviet system.
The Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic contributed five national divisions to the Soviet Union's World War II effort.
World War II led to an increase in industrialisation and mineral extraction in support of the war effort.
Governmental troops suppressed the unrest, several people were killed and many demonstrators were jailed.
Its communist-era leader, Nursultan Nazarbayev, became the country's first President, a position he has since retained.
The capital was moved in 1997, from Almaty, Kazakhstan's largest city, to Astana.
The Prime Minister chairs the Cabinet of Ministers and serves as Kazakhstan's head of government.
Two senators are selected by each of the elected assemblies of Kazakhstan's sixteen principal administrative divisions .
In 1999, Kazakhstan applied for observer status at the Council of Europe Parliamentary Assembly.
None of the opposition parties have reached the benchmark 7% level of the seats.
However Kazakhstan was reported on the Economist's Democracy Index for 2010, as an authoritarian regime.
It is an active participant in the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation Partnership for Peace program.
On 1 December 2007, it was revealed that Kazakhstan had been chosen to chair OSCE for the year 2010.
Kazakhstan was elected a member of the UN Human Rights Council for the first time on 12 November 2012.
That election is to be held in November 2016 at the General Assembly in New York.
Kazakhstan also actively supports UN peacekeeping missions in Haiti, the Western Sahara, Côte d'Ivoire.
In 2014, Kazakhstan gave Ukraine humanitarian aid during the conflict with Russian backed rebels.
In January 2015, to help ease the humanitarian crisis Kazakhstan sent $400,000 of aid to Ukraine's southeastern regions.
Most of Kazakhstan's military was inherited from the Soviet Armed Forces' Turkestan Military District.
The largest expansion of the Kazakhstan Army has been focused on armored units in recent years.
The Kazakh air force is composed mostly of Soviet-era planes, including 41 MiG-29s, 44 MiG-31s, 37 Su-24s and 60 Su-27s.
Kazakhstan sent 49 military engineers to Iraq to assist the US post-invasion mission in Iraq.
In August 2014, President Nazarbayev reorganized the Government by consolidating ministries, agencies and committees.
During the reorganization of the Government a new Ministry was created: the Ministry of Investments and Development.
It shares borders of with Russia, with Uzbekistan, with China, with Kyrgyzstan, and with Turkmenistan.
The steep canyon slopes, columns and arches rise to heights of between 150 and 300 metres.
The global financial crisis forced Kazakhstan to increase its public borrowing to support the economy.
Public debt increased to 13.4 per cent in 2013 from 8.7 per cent in 2008.
Between 2012 and 2013, the government achieved an overall fiscal surplus of 4.5 per cent.
Since 2002, Kazakhstan has sought to manage strong inflows of foreign currency without sparking inflation.
Inflation has not been under strict control, however, registering 6.6% in 2002, 6.8% in 2003, and 6.4% in 2004.
In March 2002, the U.S. Department of Commerce granted Kazakhstan market economy status under U.S. trade law.
Kazakhstan weathered the global financial crisis well, by combining fiscal relaxation with monetary stabilization.
As of late December 2003, Kazakhstan's gross foreign debt was about $22.9 billion.
The ratio of total governmental debt to GDP in 2000, was 21.7%; in 2001, it was 17.5%, and in 2002, it was 15.4%.
Government revenues grew from 19.8% of GDP in 1999 to 22.6% of GDP in 2001, but decreased to 16.2% of GDP in 2003.
In 2000, Kazakhstan adopted a new tax code in an effort to consolidate these gains.
On 29 November 2003, the Law on Changes to Tax Code which reduced tax rates was adopted.
The value added tax fell from 16% to 15%, the social tax, from 21% to 20%, and the personal income tax, from 30% to 20%.
Kazakhstan furthered its reforms by adopting a new land code on 20 June 2003, and a new customs code on 5 April 2003.
Kazakhstan raised oil and gas condensate exports to 44.3 million tons in 2003, 13% higher than in 2002.
Kazakhstan holds about 4 billion tons of proven recoverable oil reserves and 2,000 cubic kilometers of gas.
The State Accumulating Pension Fund, the only state-owned fund, was privatized in 2006.
The banking system of Kazakhstan is developing rapidly and the system's capitalization now exceeds $1 billion.
The National Bank has introduced deposit insurance in its campaign to strengthen the banking sector.
Due to troubling and non-performing bad assets the bank sector yet is at risk to lose stability.
Several major foreign banks have branches in Kazakhstan, including RBS, Citibank, and HSBC.
One year later, the Global Competitiveness Report ranked Kazakhstan 50th in most competitive markets.
The MoU between Kazakhstan and the OECD focused on implementing the Country Program of Cooperation for 2015–2016.
Kazakhstan is one of four countries that have developed joint programs of cooperation with the OECD.
Kazakhstan’s economy grew at an average of 8% per year over the past decade on the back of hydrocarbon exports.
Grain, potatoes, vegetables, melons and livestock are the most important agricultural commodities.
The available agricultural land consists of of arable land and of pasture and hay land.
Over 80% of the country’s total area is classified as agricultural land, including almost 70% occupied by pasture.
Wheat exports, a major source of hard currency, rank among the leading commodities in Kazakhstan's export trade.
In 2003 Kazakhstan harvested 17.6 million tons of grain in gross, 2.8% higher compared to 2002.
Kazakh agriculture still has many environmental problems from mismanagement during its years in the Soviet Union.
Oil explorations have shown that the deposits on the Caspian shore are only a small part of a much larger deposit.
It is said that 3.5 billion tons of oil and 2.5 trillion cubic meters of gas could be found in that area.
However, there are only 3 refineries within the country, situated in Atyrau, Pavlodar, and Shymkent.
These are not capable of processing the total crude output so much of it is exported to Russia.
According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration Kazakhstan was producing approximately of oil per day in 2009.
Most cities are connected by railroad; high-speed trains go from Almaty to Petropavl in about 18 hours.
The banking industry of the Republic of Kazakhstan experienced a pronounced boom and bust cycle over 2000s decade.
After several years of rapid expansion in the mid-2000s, the banking industry collapsed in 2008.
The potential is there for serious disturbances if and when authority passes into new hands.
The government has set the goals that a transition to the Green Economy in Kazakhstan occur by 2050.
The green economy is projected to increase GDP by 3% and create more than 500 thousand new jobs.
The price of 1 kilowatt-hour for energy produced by wind power plants was set at 22.68 tenge .
The price for 1 kilowatt-hour produced by small hydro-power plants is 16.71 tenge , and from biogas plants 32.23 tenge .
As of 30 September 2012, foreign investors had placed a total of $177.7 billion in Kazakhstan.
According to the US State Department, Kazakhstan is widely considered to have the best investment climate in the region.
Other incentives include a refund on capital investments of up to 30 percent once a production facility is in operation.
Kazakhstan also received high ratings in a survey conducted by Ernst & Young in 2014.
In 2013, the total housing area in Kazakhstan amounted to 336.1 million square meters.
The housing stock rose over the year to 32.7 million squares, which is nearly 11% increase.
Between 2012 and 2013, the living area per Kazakh citizen rose from 19.6 to 20.9 square meters.
Given recent decreases in revenues from the export of raw materials, funds will be used from Kazakhstan’s National Fund.
Kazakhstan ranked number 38 overall in the NRI ranking in 2014, up from 43 in 2013.
The 2009 population estimate, is 6.8% higher than the population reported in the last census from January 1999.
Men and women make up 48.3% and 51.7% of the population, respectively.
In the late 1930s thousands of Koreans in the Soviet Union were deported to Central Asia.
Other minority languages spoken in Kazakhstan include Uzbek, Ukrainian, Uyghur, Kyrgyz, and Tatar.
English, as well as Turkish, have gained popularity among younger people since the collapse of the Soviet Union.
These include ethnic Kazakhs, who constitute about 60% of the population, as well as ethnic Uzbeks, Uighurs, and Tatars.
One quarter of the population is Russian Orthodox, including ethnic Russians, Ukrainians and Belarusians.
There are a total of 258 Orthodox churches, 93 Catholic churches, and over 500 Protestant churches and prayer houses.
Education is universal and mandatory through to the secondary level and the adult literacy rate is 99.5%.
At present, there are universities, academies and institutes, conservatories, higher schools and higher colleges.
Over 2,500 students in Kazakhstan have applied for student loans totaling about $9 million.
Government critics, including opposition leader Vladimir Kozlov, remained in detention after unfair trials.
Kazakhstan is ranked 161 out of 180 countries on the World Press Freedom Index, compiled by Reporters Without Borders.
Before the Russian colonization, the Kazakhs had a highly developed culture based on their nomadic pastoral economy.
Islam was introduced into the region with the arrival of the Arabs in the 8th century.
The Golden Horde further propagated Islam amongst the tribes in the region during the 14th century.
Tourism is a rapidly growing industry in Kazakhstan and it is joining the international tourism networking.
In 2010, Kazakhstan joined The Region Initiative which is a Tri-regional Umbrella of Tourism related organisations.
TRI is functioning as a link between three regions: South Asia, Central Asia and Eastern Europe.
Refreshments often include black tea and traditional milk-derived drinks such as ayran, shubat and kymyz.
At the 2017 Winter Universiade in Almaty, bandy will feature as a demonstration sport for the first time.
 Keala Kennelly Keala Kennelly is a professional surfer, surfer DJ, and actress from Kauai, Hawaii.
She is now pursuing careers as a DJ and actress while continuing her surfing career as a Big Wave surfer for Billabong.
Kennelly began a string of successful visits to Teahupoo, Tahiti in 2000 when she won the Gallaz Women's Pro.
During that infamous ', she displayed the best barrel riding by a female at Teahupoo.
Three days later while riding in a memorial heat for Andy Irons during the Billabong Pro Men's WCT, .
She has played shows in Spain, Brazil, France, Australia, the UK, South Africa, and several US cities.
This includes Las Vegas, where she opened for Snoop Dogg at the Sony PlayStation 14th Annual Gran Turismo Awards.
She grew up in Potomac, Maryland and attended University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
 Kelle Kerr Kelle Kerr is an American actress, best known perhaps for her voice-over work.
Her list of credits is extensive, including work on commercials, promos, & industrial film.
 Kelli Garner Kelli Brianne Garner is an American film, stage, and television actress.
The film, which was based on the real-life 1993 murder of Bobby Kent, received critical acclaim.


She attended elementary school at Lycée Français, and graduated from Beverly Hills High School in 1988.
Martin was still going to Yale at the time and postponed her education so that she could join the cast.
She married Keith Christian on May 15, 1999 in his hometown of Polson, Montana.
She died on November 13, 2003 in her home in Los Angeles, California from an undiagnosed cardiac arrhythmia .
The couple lives in Los Angeles with their son Leo Michael Hatosy born in 2012. 
Bishop was born in Colorado Springs, Colorado to Jane Lenore and Lawrence Boden Bishop.
Bishop resides in South Orange, New Jersey, where she lives with her husband, TV talk show host Lee Leonard. 



Her paternal grandparents were Hungarian Jewish immigrants and two of her maternal great-grandparents were Danish.
She graduated from Skidmore College with a degree in Business in 1978 and worked briefly as a stockbroker.

At six weeks old, she portrayed baby Chastity Bono in a movie about Sonny & Cher.
 Kelly Hu Kelly Ann Hu is an American actress, voice artist and former fashion model.
She campaigned for Obama in Hawaii in the run-up to the February 19, 2008 Democratic caucuses.
She was the emcee of the Asian American Action Fund's annual fundraiser on June 10, 2008.
She also gave support to the Shark Fin Ban which took effect in Hawaii July 2010.
This made it illegal to possess, sell, or distribute shark fins in Hawaii. 
Lynch was born in Golden Valley, Minnesota, the daughter of Barbara, a modern dancer, and Robert Lynch, a restaurateur.
In the 7th grade she landed the lead role of Becky Thatcher in the Christian Youth Theater's production of Tom Sawyer.
In 1979, she moved to New York City to study acting at the Juilliard School, where she graduated in 1983.
One of the rapists was 15-year-old Leroy Johnson, who was on the run from juvenile detention.
She married Fred Tillman in 1989, and they had two daughters: Kelsey and Sonora.
 Kelly Overton Kelly Overton is an American actress, screenwriter, director, and producer.
After five years in New York she moved to Los Angeles, where she has worked in film and TV.
 Kelly Ripa Kelly Maria Ripa Consuelos is an American actress, talk show host and television producer.
Additionally, Ripa and her husband Mark Consuelos own a New York-based production company, Milojo.
She has a younger sister, Linda, who is a children's book author.
Her father has been the Democratic County Clerk for Camden County, New Jersey, since June 2009.
She attended Camden County College studying psychology, but dropped out and moved to New York City to be an actress.
Her career goal at the time was to be a newscaster and she often did the cast news reports.
We decided to invite her back, this time to consider her as a possible co-host.
won its first Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Talk Show on June 23, 2012.
Best known for her television work, Ripa also has several feature films to her credit.
Rykä announced Ripa as the spokesperson for the brand's footwear and sporting apparel in 2008.
Every summer, she hosts an event called Super Saturday, a day-long fundraising event.
In 2007 and 2012, Ripa hosted the TV Land Awards to very positive reviews.
She and co host Michael Strahan won Emmy Award's for their work in 2015.
However, her competitor, Martina Servaty of Germany, extracted even more , preventing Ripa from holding the new record.
The couple have three children: Michael Joseph , Lola Grace , and Joaquin Antonio . 
 Kelly Rutherford Kelly Rutherford Deane , better known as Kelly Rutherford, is an American actress.
Kelly Rutherford Deane was born in Elizabethtown, Kentucky, on November 6, 1968, daughter of Ann Edwards.
She later studied at HB Studio in New York City, and the Beverly Hills Playhouse in California.
She gave birth to their first child, son Hermés Gustaf Daniel Giersch, in October 2006.
While pregnant with their second child, Rutherford filed for divorce from Giersch on December 30, 2008.
Rutherford and Giersch subsequently became involved in a child custody dispute over their son and unborn child.
Giersch stated he was not informed of the birth by Rutherford, and became aware of it only through media reports.
Giersch consequently became unable to enter the United States, and took up residence in France and Monaco.
In May 2012, Rutherford and Giersch's children went to France to spend the summer with their father.
 Kelly Stables Kelly Michelle Stables is an American actress known for both stage and film acting.
Stables has two sons, Kendrick Kurt, born September 7, 2012 and Kellon William, born April 2, 2015.
She also appears on the Burger King commercial as a woman who is selling things on infomercials.
Kenya covers , and had a population of approximately 45 million people in July 2014.
By the first millennium AD, the Bantu expansion had reached the area from West-Central Africa.
If so, then the British may not so much have mispronounced it , as misspelled it.
Kenya, call it Kĩrĩma Kĩrĩnyaga in Kikuyu, which is quite similar to the Kamba name.
Others say that this was—on the contrary—a very precise notation of a correct African pronunciation .
An 1882 map drawn by Joseph Thompsons, a Scottish geologist and naturalist, indicated Mt.
From the coast on the Indian Ocean, the low plains rise to central highlands.
The highlands are bisected by the Great Rift Valley, with a fertile plateau lying to the east.
The area receives a great deal of sunshine every month, and summer clothes are worn throughout the year.
It is usually cool at night and early in the morning inland at higher elevations.
The agreement stipulated that the cabinet would include a vice-president and two deputy Prime Ministers.
On 29 February 2008, representatives of PNU and ODM began working on the finer details of the power-sharing agreement.
Among other things, the new constitution delegates more power to local governments and gives Kenyans a bill of rights.
It was promulgated on 27 August 2010 at a euphoric ceremony in Nairobi's Uhuru Park, accompanied by a 21-gun salute.
As of that day, the new constitution heralding the Second Republic came into force.
In July 2015 Obama visited Kenya, as the first American president to visit the country while in office.
Under the old constitution, Kenya comprised eight provinces each headed by a Provincial Commissioner .
Constituencies are an electoral subdivision, with each county comprising a whole number of constituencies.
The Kenya Army, Kenya Navy, and Kenya Air Force comprise the national Defence Forces.
Kenya’s military, like many government institutions in the country, has been tainted by corruption allegations.
Further, the wisdom and prudence of certain decisions of procurement have been publicly questioned.
As of 2005, 17.7% of Kenyans lived on less than $1.25 a day.
Kenya's economy grew by more than 7% in 2007, and its foreign debt was greatly reduced.
The service, industry and manufacturing sectors only employ 25% of the labour force but contribute 75% of GDP.
In March 1996, the presidents of Kenya, Tanzania, and Uganda re-established the East African Community .
Kenya's services sector, which contributes 61% of GDP, is dominated by tourism.
Tourism is now Kenya's largest foreign exchange earning sector, followed by flowers, tea, and coffee.
In 2006 tourism generated US$803 million, up from US$699 million the previous year.
Agriculture is the second largest contributor to Kenya's gross domestic product , after the service sector.
Horticultural produce and tea are the main growth sectors and the two most valuable of all of Kenya's exports.
The production of major food staples such as corn is subject to sharp weather-related fluctuations.
Pigeon peas are very drought resistant, so can be grown in areas with less than 650 mm annual rainfall.
Coconuts, pineapples, cashew nuts, cotton, sugarcane, sisal, and corn are grown in the lower-lying areas.
This was last seen in August and September 2011 prompting the Kenyans for Kenya initiative by the Red Cross.
To become energy sufficient, Kenya aims to build a nuclear power plant by 2017.
Kenya has proven deposits of oil in Turkana and the commercial viability was just discovered.
Base Titanium, a subsidiary of Base resources of Australia, shipped its first major consignment of minerals to China.
The first shipment was expected to earn Kenya about Shs15 – Shs20 Billion in earnings.
China has been causing environmental and social problems that include the recent suspension of the railway project.
The causes of child labour include poverty, the lack of access to education and weak government institutions.
Kenya has a diverse population that includes most major ethnoracial and linguistic groups found in Africa.
There are an estimated 47 different communities, with Bantus and Nilotes constituting the majority of local residents.
Cushitic groups also form a small ethnic minority, as do Arabs, Indians and Europeans.
Peri-urban and rural dwellers are less multilingual, with many in rural areas speaking only their native languages.
Primarily consisting of a mixture of Swahili and English, it is an example of linguistic code-switching.
In addition, Kenya's capital, Nairobi, is home to Kibera, one of the world's largest slums.
The Presbyterian Church of East Africa has 3 million followers in Kenya and the surrounding countries.
Notably, Kenya has the highest number of Quakers in the world, with around 133,000 members.
Sixty percent of the Muslim population lives in Kenya's Coastal Region, comprising 50% of the total population there.
Roughly 4% of Muslims are Ahmadiyya, 8% Shia and another 8% are non-denominational Muslims, while 73% are Sunni.
The life expectancy estimate has dropped to approximately 55 years in 2009 – five years below 1990 levels.
The infant mortality rate is high at approximately 44 deaths per 1,000 children in 2012.
The WHO estimated in 2011 that only 42% of births were attended by a skilled health professional.
Other than the public schools, there are many private schools in the country, mainly in urban areas.
Similarly, there are a number of international schools catering for various overseas educational systems.
KNLS is the body mandated to establish, equip, manage and maintain national and public libraries in the country.
The Maasai culture is well known to tourism, despite constituting a relatively small part of Kenya's population.
This is a story about the effects of the Mau Mau on the lives of Kenyans.
Its combination of themes—colonialism, education, and love—helped to make it one of the best-known novels in Africa.
Drum beats are very complex and include both native rhythm and imported ones, especially the Congolese cavacha rhythm.
Popular Kenyan music usually involves the interplay of multiple parts, and more recently, showy guitar solos as well.
Urban radio generally only plays English music, though there also exist a number of vernacular radio stations.
Benga music has been popular since the late 1960s, especially in the area around Lake Victoria.
Kenya is active in several sports, among them cricket, rallying, football, rugby union and boxing.
The women's team has competed at the Olympics and World Championships but without any notable success.
They upset some of the World's best teams and reached semi-finals of the 2003 tournament.
They won the inaugural World Cricket League Division 1 hosted in Nairobi and participated in the World T20.
Kenya is represented by Lucas Onyango as a professional rugby league player who plays with Oldham Roughyeds.
Besides the former European Super League team, he has played for Widnes Vikings and rugby union with Sale Sharks.
Breakfast is usually tea or porridge with bread, chapati, mahamri, boiled sweet potatoes or yams.
It is not yet known whether lye is responsible for the high prevalence of throat cancer in these regions.
In cities such as Nairobi, there are fast food restaurants, which include Steers, KFC, and Subway.
She married John Barneson in October 2011, at the Hampstead Congregational Church, in Hampstead, New Hampshire.
Pratt was a student at the Hampstead Dance Academy, and after graduation began her career at the Broadway Dance Center.
She was Miss New Hampshire Teen USA 1994 and competed in the Miss Teen USA 1994 pageant.
In the summer of 2006, Russell was chosen to be a celebrity spokeswoman for CoverGirl Cosmetics.
Russell and Deary have two children together, son River Russell Deary and daughter Willa Lou Deary .
She grew up in Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey and attended Pascack Hills High School in Montvale, New Jersey.
Green eventually co-founded a movie production company, Independent Women Artists, with Bonnie Dickenson.
After the show's completion, Kenney-Silver continued working with her fellow troupe members on other projects.
Kenney-Silver created the series and it was produced by her husband, Steve Silver, and Jared Mazzaschi.
Kenney-Silver was the lead singer and bass guitarist of the indie rock band Cake Like.
She is married to cinematographer Steven V. Silver, with whom she has one son, Kai, born on August 6, 2005. 
Randles was born in Decatur, Illinois, the daughter of Virginia, a secretary, and Terry, a business owner.
She attended the University of Illinois at Chicago with an art scholarship but soon switched her major to Theatre.
In June 2010, Randles' brought her one-woman show Can't You Hear Me Knockin?
Taking over 7 years to develop, her collaboration with renowned stage director, , proved a success.
Knockin' hits New York for a limited engagement at Off-Off gem, Manhattan Theatre Source November 2010.
Kerri is also an avid collector of art and is known to produce shows for artists.
Kat pressures them to tell Gary to hire her as an intern on the show.
 Kerry Berry Brogan Kerry Berry Brogan is an American actress, presently based in Beijing, China.
Born to Irish-American parents from The Bronx, New York, Kerry Berry Brogan grew up in Newton, Massachusetts.
Bitten early by the acting bug, she appeared in a number of local productions in her junior high and high school years.
After graduating from Bard College, Brogan returned to China to pursue her acting career full-time.
She attended Montclair Kimberley Academy , graduating in 2002, then studied at Northwestern University.
Bishé played Lucy Bennett, the show's new narrator, taking over from Zach Braff.
She played a bar owner in a neighborhood of New Orleans affected by the storm Katrina.
Alexander starred in the award-winning HBO television series by David Simon from 2010 to 2013.
She was nominated for a Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Supporting Actress in a Movie/Miniseries. 
She has been a principal dancer for Katy Perry, and was a lead cast member on E!
Payne was also briefly a member of the third line-up of the girl group The Pussycat Dolls.
She has been taking formal dance lessons since she was 2 years old at Dance Precisions, located in Placentia.
Payne specializes in contemporary jazz, and is also trained in lyrical, ballet, pointe and gymnastics.
Apart from dance, she is also an avid soccer fan who has played for many years.
Network in the United States, and has since been broadcast in many countries around the world.
In September, Payne danced for Pink at the 2012 MTV Video Music Awards and the IHeartRadio Music Festival.
After the series ended in 1991, she continued acting in both television and films.
Haje is a founding board member of the Earth Communication Office , which helps to protect ecosystems.
 Kiami Davael Kiami Davael , sometimes credited as Kiami Davael Daugherty, is an American actress.
Davael attended the University of Kentucky and graduated in 2008 with a Bachelor of Arts in Psychology.
She is one of four children, and is of Puerto Rican and French descent.
Her performance helped her overcome her stage fright, with which she struggled at the time.
In 2000, Sanchez auditioned for MTV's Wanna Be a VJ contest in New York.
Kiele was selected as one of the five finalists, but did not win the competition.
However, an agent who had seen her on MTV expressed interest in representing her.
Sanchez's first husband was writer and film director Zach Helm, from whom she is divorced.
The couple became engaged in November 2011, and married on December 29, 2012.
In August 2015, Sanchez announced she and Gilford were expecting their first child, a son, in November.
 Kieren van den Blink Kieren Van Den Blink is an American actress, voice actress, writer and producer.

In 1975, while Kieu Chinh was on the set in Singapore, communist North Vietnamese overran Saigon.
At the 2003 Vietnamese International Film Festival, Kieu Chinh received the Lifetime Achievement Award.
Also in 2003, at the Women's Film Festival in Turin, Italy, Kieu Chinh was awarded the Special Acting Award.
In 2006, the San Diego Asian Film Festival honored Kieu Chinh with the Lifetime Achievement Award.
The population in July 2013 was , making Kiev the 8th largest city in Europe.
Kiev is an important industrial, scientific, educational, and cultural centre of Eastern Europe.
It is home to many high-tech industries, higher education institutions and world-famous historical landmarks.
The city has an extensive infrastructure and highly developed system of public transport, including the Kiev Metro.
The city's name is said to derive from the name of Kyi, one of its four legendary founders .
Under Varangian rule, the city became a capital of the Kievan Rus', the first East Slavic state.
Completely destroyed during the Mongol invasion in 1240, the city lost most of its influence for the centuries to come.
The city prospered again during the Russian Empire's Industrial Revolution in the late 19th century.
In 1917, after the Ukrainian National Republic declared independence from the Russian Empire, Kiev became its capital.
From 1919 Kiev was an important center of the Armed Forces of South Russia and was controlled by the White Army.
Kiev's armament-dependent industrial output fell after the Soviet collapse, adversely affecting science and technology.
As a prominent city with a long history, its English name was subject to gradual evolution.
The name is associated with that of Kyi , the legendary eponymous founder of the city.
The Ukraine national football team, for example, will play matches at the re-constructed Olympic Stadium from 2011.
In 2009 a total of 1.6 million tourists stayed in Kiev hotels of which almost 259,000 were foreigners.
Although a record high, the decline in activity was 1.6 percentage points smaller than that for the country as a whole.
The economy in Kiev, as in the rest of Ukraine, recovered somewhat in 2010 and 2011.
Kiev is a middle-income city, with prices currently comparable to many mid-size American cities .
Indeed, even as the rate of joblessness jumped to 7.1% in 2009, it remained far below the national average of 9.6%.
In 2010 the city accounted for 18% of national retail sales and 24% of all construction activity.
Average prices of apartments are the highest in the country and among the highest in eastern Europe.
Their Collection of Jewish Musical Folklore was inscribed on UNESCO's Memory of the World Register in 2005.
Local public transportation in Kiev includes the Metro , buses and minibuses, trolleybuses, trams, taxi and funicular.
The Metro carries around 1.422 million passengers daily accounting for 38% of the Kiev's public transport load.
Digital ticket system is already established in Kiev Metro, with plans for other transport modes.
Ticket prices are regulated by the city government, and the cost of one ride is far lower than in Western Europe.
Traffic jams and lack of parking space are growing problems for all road transport services in Kiev.
Particularly, the Kiev Passenger Railway Station is the city's only long-distance passenger terminal .
Bridges over the Dnieper River are another problem restricting the development of city’s railway system.
Presently, only one rail bridge out of two is available for intense train traffic.
A new combined rail-auto bridge is under construction, as a part of Darnytsia project.
Interchanges between the Kiev Metro and Fast Tram exist at many of the urban train's station stops.
The suburban train service is fast, and unbeatably safe in terms of traffic accidents.
Born in Brooklyn, Coles' father was the first black dean at Pratt Institute.
Darby was born Deborah Zerby in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of professional dancers Inga and Jon Zerby.
In 1968, she married James Stacy, with whom she had one child: Heather Elias Their marriage ended in divorce in 1969.
In 1970, she married William Tennent; the marriage ended in divorce later that same year. 
Delaney's mother was a homemaker and her father a union official and former head of the United Auto Workers.
Delaney grew up in Roxborough and has four brothers: Ed, John, Keith, and Patrick.
While she was attending J. W. Hallahan Catholic Girls High School, she worked as a model for the Elite agency.
After her graduation, she went to New York and found employment there as a model.
Dickens was born in Huntsville, Alabama, the daughter of Pam Howell and Justin Dickens, a country-western singer.
Dickens received critical acclaim for her performance, and Independent Spirit Award for Best Female Lead nomination.


From Brando to Bogart, both critical and commercial success; it certainly seemed that Hunter's star was on the rise.
For Hunter, however, as for so many, such certainties were about to be short-circuited.
The telecast won multiple Emmy Award's, including Best Single Program of the Year.
Hunter died of a heart attack in New York City in 2002, nearly two months shy of her 80th birthday. 


In 2002, she played the role of Roxie Hart in Chicago at the North Shore Music Theatre outside of Boston.

 Kim Novak Marilyn Pauline Novak, professionally known as Kim Novak , is a retired American film and television actress.
Kim Novak was born Marilyn Pauline Novak in Chicago, Illinois on February 13, 1933.
It was here that she was discovered by an agent, who signed her to a long-term contract with Columbia Pictures.
From the beginning of her career, she wanted to be an original and not another stereotype.
Therefore, she fought with Columbia's chief, Harry Cohn, over the changing of her name.
Both films were reasonably successful at the box office, and Novak received favorable reviews for her performances.
She was also nominated for BAFTA Film Award for Best Foreign Actress, but did not win.
on February 5, 1956 to promote the film's opening at the Radio City Musical Hall.
After appearing in a series of successful movies, Novak became one of the biggest box office draws in 1957 and 1958.
Playing Linda English, a naive showgirl, she again co-starred opposite Frank Sinatra, as well as Rita Hayworth.
The movie was a box office hit and has been considered one of Novak's better performances.
Hitchcock approached Harry Cohn to offer Novak the female lead without even requesting a screen test.
Though Cohn hated the script, he allowed Novak to read it because he considered Hitchcock to be a great director.
It was like they'd do my hair and go and redo a bunch of things.
So I really identified with the fact of someone that was being made over with the resentment, with wanting to.
And then when Judy appears, it's another story and then when she has to go through that change.
Novak received mixed reviews for her performance, but she managed to surprise film critics.
However, Novak was disappointed by her performance when she watched the film in 2013.
Actor Peter Sellers had originally been selected, but he had suffered a heart attack, so Ray Walston took his place.
From then on acting became a job and was no longer a career of choice.
Harry Belafonte and the Kingston Trio recorded some of her folk songs in the 1960s.
At the premiere, Novak was totally shocked to hear her voice had been overdubbed by a German actress in many scenes.
Aldrich had never told her, nor had he given her the opportunity to dub it herself.
Novak admitted a preference for TV films as she thought they were faster to shoot than features.
She described scripts of that time as offensive, saying she disliked the unnecessary sex she found in most of them.
She co-starred alongside Angela Lansbury, Tony Curtis, Rock Hudson, and Elizabeth Taylor.
She agreed to do the film under the impression she was going to play the whole character with the flashbacks scenes.
She felt the story was too personal for the director, as it was about his own life and Novak was playing his mother.
And back into saying, 'Look, for God’s sake, haven’t you heard it enough?
Novak was supposed to do a comedy with the French director Claude Berri and also starring Peter Falk.
What's difficult is afterward when you have to go around and try to sell it.
The actual filming, when you have a good script—which isn't often—nothing beats it.
After her retirement from acting, Novak has made only rare public appearances and turned down most offers she received.
In 2003, Novak was presented with the Eastman Kodak Archives Award for her major contribution to film.
During that time, Novak received several offers to do some major films and to appear on high profile television shows.
She joined in conversation with Robert Osborne for a Q&A session in which she discussed her career and personal life.
The interview was an eye-opener for many fans who had wondered why Novak made so few films.
Also during the TCM Festival, Novak was honored in a handprint and footprint ceremony at Grauman's Chinese Theatre.
In 2013, Novak was recognized as the guest of honor by the Cannes Film Festival.
In 1997, Novak won a Golden Bear at the 47th Berlin International Film Festival.
In 2003 Novak was presented with the Eastman Kodak Archives Award for her major contribution to film.
Also in 2012, Novak was honored in a handprint and footprint ceremony at Grauman's Chinese Theatre.
It lasted thirteen months, from March 15, 1965 to April 23, 1966.
She dated Prince Aly Khan as well as Frank Sinatra, Richard Beymer and actor Michael Brandon.
In 1997, Novak bought a 43-acre ranch in Sams Valley, Oregon, which they made into their home.
There, Novak began to take classes in painting with pastels from artists Harley Brown and Richard McKinley.
She suffered a punctured lung, broken ribs, and nerve damage, but made a full recovery within a year.
In October 2010, her manager, Sue Cameron, reported that Novak had been diagnosed with breast cancer.

On June 8, 2012, Rhodes wrote an entry on her blog explaining her recent absence from Twitter and other networks.
Socialites Nicky and Paris Hilton are her nieces, daughters of her half-sister, Kathy.
Her career began when she was months old and appeared in a TV commercial for Firth Carpet.
Richards then married Gregg Davis, son of petroleum mogul Marvin Davis, divorcing him in 1991.
The couple have two children: a daughter, Whitney Davis, and a son, Chad Davis.
He was a central figure in a criminal scheme involving 8,000 elderly investors and nearly $150 million in losses.
On October 28, 1991, he was murdered outside Brent's Deli, located in the San Fernando Valley community of Northridge.
She spent the night at the Los Angeles County Jail and was released the next morning on a $20,000 bail.
She was arrested again on August 2, 2015, for allegedly shoplifting at a San Fernando Valley Target department store.
She was booked into the Van Nuys jail and released on August 3 after posting a $5,000 bail. 
She began her acting career in theatre, and subsequently attended the Actors Studio in New York City, New York.
That same year, Kim Stanley was inducted into the American Theatre Hall of Fame.
Her father was of Irish or Scottish descent, born and raised in Texas, where he met her mother .
She eventually attended the Actors Studio, studying under Elia Kazan, Lee Strasberg and Vivian Nathan.
Stanley was a leading lady of live television drama, which flourished in New York City during the 1950s.
She had three children, one by Conway, one by Brooks Clift while she was married to Conway, and one by Ryder .
Stanley died of uterine cancer at a Santa Fe, New Mexico nursing home at the age of 76.
She was survived by her brother Justin, her three children, and several nephews and nieces.
She died at her Los Angeles home on March 6, 2001 at the age of 32.
Kimberley was pre-med in College before winning a modeling contest which brought her back to Southern California.
In 2002, her character killed off Hunter Tylo's character, Dr. Taylor Hayes Forrester .
In fall 2003, Brown made another special guest appearance to kidnap Ronn Moss's character Ridge Forrester.
Michelle Stafford took on the role, and played the dual roles of Sheila and Phyllis from December 2006 to February 2007.
Wolter directed a Public Service Announcement in 2010 which featured children encouraging adults to vote.
Wolter regularly appears on-stage at E3 for Microsoft and has also worked as a spokesmodel for Palm. 

 Kimberly Beck Kimberly Beck is an American actress with more than 60 television and film credits.

She used to work as an entertainment correspondent and hosted various shows on the TV Guide Network.
In 1995, she sang at the 50th wedding anniversary of former President George H. W. Bush and Barbara Bush.
On April 13, 2011 her debut album was released and it sold 3,000 copies its first week.
She later announced that the album would be delayed until July due to the addition of new songs.
The album was finally released on April 19, 2011, over a year after the original release date.
Cullum is the daughter of cartoonist Leo Cullum whose work regularly appeared in the New Yorker Magazine. 
Her character was briefly a sister-in-law to Bobby Ewing and later briefly a daughter-in-law to J.R. Ewing.

McCullough later returned to the show in 2005 as a doctor and departed in 2012.
However, in August 2013, McCullough signed a contract to return to the series full-time.
Her mother is a dance teacher, who took her to rehearsals, and got her involved with acting.
McCullough's first appearance was as a 7-month-old baby in a diaper commercial, co-starring with actress Juliet Mills.
The producers made her audition 12 times but eventually gave her the part and her role became a popular success.
Known by her ring name Kimberly Page, she performed as the valet for her then-husband Diamond Dallas Page.
Kimberly Bacon was born on New Year's Day in Chicago, Illinois, but grew up in Fort Myers, Florida.
Her first WCW television appearance was in April 1991, as one of Page's Diamond Dolls.
Before then, she worked as a public relations coordinator, account executive, aerobics instructor and waitress.
Page was engaged in a feud with Dave Sullivan, who objected to how Page treated her.
Badd promptly freed her and she became his valet, simply going by the name of Kimberly.
The segment was also the first public revelation of Page and Kimberly being an actual married couple.
He then threw Kimberly from the car, and she was later taken away in an ambulance.
In 2000, she turned heel on Page to join Vince Russo and Eric Bischoff's New Blood stable.
She and Diamond Dallas Page amicably separated in July 2004, then divorced in 2005.
She currently lives in Park City, Utah, working in marketing and interior design. 

After touring for almost three years she moved to San Francisco to study at Studio A.C.T.

 Kimilee Bryant Kimilee Karyn Bryant is an American actress, singer and former Miss South Carolina.
Bryant grew up in Berea near Greenville, South Carolina, the daughter of dance teacher Karen C. Bryant.
She attended Travelers Rest High School and Converse College, where she earned a Bachelor of Music degree.
She was Miss South Carolina in 1989, and at the Miss America 1990 pageant she won talent scholarships.
Bryant also studied voice at Greenville's The Fine Arts Center and the South Carolina Governor's School of the Arts.
She studied dance at Broadway Dance Center and acting with Terry Schreiber at the T. Schreiber Studio in New York City.
She returned to the roles of Christine, Carlotta and sometimes Madame Giry, on Broadway, for parts of 2009–12.
She was married to John Christian Walker from January 18, 2003 to September 27, 2004. 
Brown was named the Best Fantasy Actress of 2008 by the ShockerFest International Film Festival.
Later that year, it was announced she would continue as a recurring character in the series.
She was the younger sister of producer Joe Hamilton and the sister-in-law of Carol Burnett.
She was born Rita Marie Hamilton in Los Angeles, California, the youngest of six children.
One her older brothers was producer and actor Joe Hamilton who later married comedian Carol Burnett.
After retiring from acting, Hamilton married Beverly Hills lawyer Donald Thorman Rosenfeld in February 1968.
They remained married until Hamilton's death from breast cancer on January 29, 1981. 
After doing some month-long stunts in Los Angeles, she moved there permanently with her mother.
Her name is not a stage name; her first name was given because her parents expected her to be a boy.
Dunst was born in Point Pleasant, New Jersey, to Inez and Klaus Dunst.
Until the age of eleven, Dunst lived in Brick Township, New Jersey, where she attended Ranney School.
The following year Dunst began attending Notre Dame High School, a private Roman Catholic high school in Los Angeles.
After graduating from Notre Dame High School in 2000, Dunst continued the acting career that she had begun.
I don't think anybody can sit around and say, 'My life is more screwed up than yours.'
Dunst began her career when she was three years old as a child fashion model in television commercials.
The film featured a scene in which Dunst shared her first on-screen kiss with Pitt, who was eighteen years her senior.
She was part of an ensemble cast that included Robin Williams, Bonnie Hunt, and David Alan Grier.
The film was screened as a special presentation at the 43rd San Francisco International Film Festival in 2000.
The film generated mostly positive reviews, with many critics reserving praise for her performance.
She later explained that one of the reasons for accepting the role was that it gave her the opportunity to sing.
For her work, she won the Best Actress Silver Ombú category award at the 2002 Mar del Plata Film Festival.
She played Mary Jane Watson, the best friend and love interest of Peter Parker .
The movie grossed $114 million during its opening weekend in North America and went on to earn $822 million worldwide.
With revenue of $783 million worldwide, it was the second highest grossing film in 2004.
Dunst revealed that working with Crowe was enjoyable, but more demanding than she had expected.
The movie was screened at a special presentation at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival, and was reviewed favourably.
The film premiered at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival and received positive reviews and Dunst was singled out for praise.
Dunst is so good in this film, playing a character unlike any other she has ever attempted...
The film follows a woman who falls deeper into paranoia after taking a deadly drug.
Dunst revealed that she recorded the songs earlier and later lip-sync to it when filming began.
It worked when Barbra Streisand was doing it, but now it's a little cheesy, I think.
It shows Dunst prancing around Akihabara, a crowded shopping district in Tokyo, Japan.
Dunst was treated for depression in early 2008 at the Cirque Lodge treatment center in Utah.
She explained that she had been feeling low in the six months before her admission.
She gained German citizenship in 2011 and now holds dual citizenship of Germany and the United States.
Gronfield starred, as Ingrid Wakowski, in the TBS television series, 10 Items or Less from 2006 to 2009. 

She won both rounds winning $500 in the first round and winning $5500 in the second round.
In 1981, a car accident caused by a drunk driver killed her mother and left her father seriously injured.
She served as the spokesperson for Pier One from 2000–04 and for Jenny Craig from 2005–08.
TV Land aired a sitcom that centered on Alley as a Broadway star and a new parent.
Their first dance, a cha-cha-cha, earned them the second-highest score, 23 points of a possible 30.
Alley finished the competition in second place, behind NFL Super Bowl champion Hines Ward.
Alley was married to her second husband, Parker Stevenson on December 22, 1983.
Alley and Stevenson share custody of their two children, William True and Lillie Price.
While working as a Jenny Craig spokesperson from 2004 to 2007, Alley lost , bringing her weight down to .
In January, 2015, Alley announced that, since starting the Jenny Craig weight-loss program again, she had lost .
Alley was raised as a Methodist, but has been a member of the Church of Scientology since 1979.
She has continued her Scientology training and, as of 2007, has attained the level of OT VII .
In May 2000 she purchased a waterfront mansion from fellow Scientologist Lisa Marie Presley for $1.5 million.
The house is in Clearwater, Florida, the spiritual headquarters of the Church of Scientology.
Baker revisited this role in a 2007 homage to the catfight ads produced by iFilm.com.
Natividad was born in Ciudad Juárez, Mexico, the eldest of nine children, and did not speak English until she was 10.
Natividad attended high school in El Paso, where she was her senior class president.
Due to the tragic results of her breast enhancements she deeply regretted having been talked into doing it .
She left her husband for Meyer during the filming, and they lived together as a couple for most of the next 15 years.
Eventually, however, she graduated to engaging in hardcore performances, usually with younger men and women.
She famously appeared as a stripper at the bachelor party held by Sean Penn to celebrate his 1985 marriage to Madonna.
After her breasts were removed, it was discovered that the silicone used in her implants was of an industrial grade.
She has had corrective surgery and is close to the size that her fans remember her being.
In January 2008, Natividad was inducted in the Legends of Erotica Hall of Fame.
 Kitty Carlisle Kitty Carlisle was an American singer, actress and spokeswoman for the arts.
In 1991, she received the National Medal of Arts from President George H. W. Bush.
Eight years later, in 1999, she was inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame.
Carlisle's father, Dr. Joseph Conn, was a gynecologist who died when she was 10.
Her mother, Hortense Holtzman Conn, was a woman obsessed with breaking into the prevailing Gentile society .
She sang the role 10 more times that season, then returned in 1973 for four more performances.
Hart died on December 20, 1961, at their home in Palm Springs, California.
The New York State Theater, in Albany, New York is named the Kitty Carlisle Hart Theatre in recognition of this.
In 1993, she was crowned Queen of the Beaux Arts Ball, an annual event run by the Beaux Arts Society.
She was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1997.
In her later years, she kept company with the financier and art collector Roy Neuberger.
According to her official website, her appearances in Atlanta in November 2006 were her last public performances.
Carlisle died on April 17, 2007, from congestive heart failure resulting from a prolonged bout of pneumonia.
She had been in and out of the hospital since she contracted pneumonia some time prior to November 2006.
She died in her New York City apartment, with her son, Christopher Hart, at her bedside.
She was interred in a crypt next to her husband, Moss Hart, at Ferncliff Cemetery in Hartsdale, New York. 
The second is a compilation of short plays from the first playwrights lab at the Women's Project.
It had been produced in an earlier version by Luna Stage, Montclair, NJ, in 1997.
She is a member of The Dramatists Guild, Women's Project Playwrights Lab, and the three actors unions.
She was best known as a member of the Ziegfeld Follies and her radio hosting with Columbia Broadcasting.

 Klaudia Kovács Klaudia Kovacs is a multi-award-winning Director well known for her documentary Torn from the Flag.
The film is about the Cold War and the 1956 Hungarian Revolution and Freedom Fight.
Torn from the Flag shows the 1956 Hungarian Revolution as a turning point for the advancement of democracy.
In 2013, in New York's Broadway District , Klaudia Kovacs' directed the one-woman show, CALLING AMERICA: DON'T HANG UP!!
 Klimaszewski Twins Diane and Elaine Klimaszewski are Polish American models better known as the Coors Light Twins.
They are also actresses and were briefly members of World Championship Wrestling's Nitro Girls.
In 1998, they worked together for a magic trick performed by The Masked Magician in '.
They were sent to Ultimate Pro Wrestling, a developmental territory, where they competed as the Power Twins.
The ads became a subject of political controversy when Pete Coors ran for the United States Senate in the 2004 election.
Located on the Korean Peninsula, Korea is bordered by China to the northwest and Russia to the northeast.
It is separated from Japan to the east by the Korea Strait and the Sea of Japan .
The united Silla was eventually succeeded by Goryeo in 935 at the end of the Later Three Kingdoms period.
Goryeo eventually fell to an uprising led by General Yi Seong-gye, who established Joseon in 1388.
By the late 19th century, the country became the object of imperial design by the Empire of Japan.
The name Korea is now commonly used in English contexts by both North and South Korea.
Fluorescent and high-magnetic analyses indicate the volcanic fossils may be from as early as 300,000 .
Early historical records of Korea was first seen in the Book of the Later Han, in The biography of Dongyi .
Gojoseon arose in North Korea and southern Chinese Manchuria, from about the 2nd century  to 108 BC.
Byeonhan and Jinhan both consisted of twelve states, bringing a total of 78 states within the Samhan.
Goguryeo united Buyeo, Okjeo, Dongye and other states in the former Gojoseon territory.
Soon after, the military alliance broke and the weakened Baekje was annexed by Silla.
In the end, Emperor Lee Shimin of Chinese Tang Dynasty Accepted Silla's request with pleasure.
It had absorbed all of the Mahan states and subjugated most of the western Korean peninsula to a centralised government.
By the 2nd century, Silla existed as a large state, occupying and influencing nearby city states.
In the 5th, 6th and 7th centuries, Silla's power gradually extended across the Korean Peninsula.
By the 660s, Silla formed an alliance with the Tang Dynasty of China to conquer Baekje and later Goguryeo.
After conquering Baekje and Goguryeo, Silla waged the war against the Tang Dynasty of China.
In AD 676, Silla won the war with the Tang Dynasty of China and accomplished the unification of the Korean Peninsula.
At its height, Balhae's territory extended from northern Manchuria down to the northern provinces of modern-day Korea.
Unified Silla fell apart in the late 9th century, giving way to the tumultuous Later Three Kingdoms period .
The country Goryeo was founded in 918 and replaced Silla as the ruling dynasty of Korea.
Its land was the whole territory of South Korea and about 1/3 of the North Korea today.
Actually they did not control the identical people and their territory were mostly not in alignment.
In the 1350s, King Gongmin was free at last to reform a Goryeo government when the Yuan dynasty began to crumble.
In 1392, the general Yi Seong-gye established the Joseon dynasty with a largely bloodless coup.
His new country was given the name Joseon by Zhu Yuanzhang, the first emperor of the Ming dynasty of China.
Beginning in 1871, Japan began to force Korea out of the China's traditional sphere of influence into its own.
In 1897, the Joseon dynasty proclaimed the Korean Empire , and King Gojong became Emperor Gojong.
In 1904, the Russo-Japanese War pushed the Russians out of the fight for Korea.
In 1910, an already militarily occupied Korea was a forced party to the Japan-Korea Annexation Treaty.
The treaty was signed by Lee Wan-Yong, who was given the General Power of Attorney by the Emperor.
However, the Emperor is said to have not actually ratified the treaty according to Yi Tae-jin.
During the Japanese annexation, the Korean language was suppressed in an effort to eradicate Korean national identity.
To this day, valuable Korean artifacts can often be found in Japanese museums or among private collections.
Japanese officials considered returning Korean cultural properties, but to date this has not occurred.
Korea and Japan still dispute the ownership of the Dokdo, islets located east of the Korean Peninsula.
By the end of World War II, there were over 850,000 Japanese settlers in Korea.
Since the 1960s, the South Korean economy has grown enormously and the economic structure was radically transformed.
In 1957, South Korea had a lower per capita GDP than Ghana, and by 2008 it was 17 times as high as Ghana's.
Tensions continue to this day, but the political arena is a far more complicated one.
The highest mountain in Korea is Mount Paektu or Paektusan , through which runs the border with China.
This highland was mainly raised during the Cenozoic orogeny and partly covered by volcanic matter.
To the south of Gaema Gowon, successive high mountains are located along the eastern coast of the peninsula.
There are several lower, secondary mountain series whose direction is almost perpendicular to that of Baekdudaegan.
They are developed along the tectonic line of Mesozoic orogeny and their directions are basically northwest.
Ulleung Island is a volcanic island in the Sea of Japan, whose composition is more felsic than Jeju-do.
Because the mountainous region is mostly on the eastern part of the peninsula, the main rivers tend to flow westwards.
In addition to the complex coastline, the western coast of the Korean Peninsula has an extremely high tidal amplitude .
Animal life of Korea includes a considerable number of bird species and native freshwater fish.
Korea is chiefly populated by a highly homogeneous ethnic group, the Koreans, who speak the Korean language.
It was estimated in 2006 that only 26,700 of the old Chinese community now remain in South Korea.
Some linguists place it in the Altaic language family; others consider it to be a language isolate.
While Hangul may appear logographic, it is actually a phonemic alphabet organised into syllabic blocks.
Each block consists of at least two of the 24 hangul letters : at least one each of the 14 consonants and 10 vowels.
Accordingly, a Korean person's stated age will be one or two years more than their age according to western reckoning.
The Korean War led to the development of literature centered on the wounds and chaos of war.
The collapse of the traditional Korean value system is another common theme of the time.
She was born in 1931 in Wonju and studied at the Conservatoire de Paris, and the Royal Conservatory of Brussels.
Confucian tradition has dominated Korean thought, along with contributions by Buddhism, Taoism, and Korean Shamanism.
Fish is also a popular commodity, as it is the traditional meat that Koreans eat.
Meals are usually accompanied by a soup or stew, such as galbitang and doenjang jjigae .
The center of the table is filled with a shared collection of sidedishes called banchan.
Soondae, a sausage made of cellophane noodles and pork blood, is widely eaten.
Nureongji can be eaten as it is or boiled with water to make a soup.
In Korea, university is hard to enter, and graduation is comparatively easier than entry.
The North Korean education system consists primarily of universal and state funded schooling by the government.
The national literacy rate for citizens 15 years of age and above is over 99 percent.
The earliest known surviving Korean example of woodblock printing is the Mugujeonggwang Great Dharani Sutra.
It is believed to have been printed in Korea in 750–51 AD which, if correct, would make it older than the Diamond Sutra.
Goryeo had a bustling economy with a capital that was frequented by merchants from all over the known world.
The Korean alphabet hangul was also invented during this time by King Sejong the Great.
Taekwondo is the national sport of Korea and one of the country's most famous sports.
It combines combat techniques, self-defense, sport, exercise and in some cases meditation and philosophy.
Ssireum competitions are traditionally held twice a year, during the Tano Festival and Chuseok .
Competitions are also held throughout the year as a part of festivals and other events. 
Krista transferred to, and graduated from, the University of Texas with an education degree.
In the first round, she matched up against skateboarder Tony Hawk and rodeo champion Ty Murray.
Allen appeared on the second season of ' which premiered on June 7, 2009.
On 14 September 1996, she married Justin Moritt, a production manager and producer.
She gave birth to her first child at age 26, a son Jakob Nolan Moritt on July 12, 1997.
The couple later divorced in 1999 On October 10, 2010, she married Mams Taylor, an Iranian rapper.
They separated in April 2011 and Allen filed for divorce at Los Angeles County Superior Court on February 12, 2012. 
Bell was born and raised in Huntington Woods, Michigan, a suburb of Detroit.
Bell claims that if she does not get enough sleep, it aggravates the ailment.
Bell stated that she did not like her first name at the age of four.
Bell's mother convinced her to go by her middle name of Anne instead; she used the name Annie until high school.
Bell once broke both her wrists at the same time playing street hockey with friends.
Just before her freshman year of high school, Bell's parents decided to pull her from the public school system.
She then attended Shrine Catholic High School in nearby Royal Oak, where she took part in the drama and music club.
Her one line in the film was cut and her appearance exists only as a scene shown during the credit sequence.
Created by Rob Thomas, the series starred Bell as the seventeen-year-old detective/anti-heroine titular character.
Some critics felt that she was overlooked, however, and deserved an Emmy Award nomination and win.
The main cast members of the series all reprised their roles in the feature film.
In January 2011, it was announced that Bell would be the new face of Neutrogena.
They decided to delay marriage until the state of California passed legislation legalizing same-sex marriage.
They were married at the Beverly Hills County Clerk's Office on October 17, 2013.
Bell has also done a public service announcement for Do Something's Healthy Living Campaign.
Cloke was born in Van Nuys, California and attended California State University, Northridge.
She would later describe the episode as a love letter between herself and producer Glen Morgan , her then fiancé .
Cloke was named #9 of Sci-Fi's Sexy 50, by Femme Fatales magazine in 1997. 

A character played by Leah Remini was introduced in season three to cover Johnston's absence. 
After graduating from college she relocated to New York city in the Fall of 2006.
 Kristen Schaal Kristen Joy Schaal is an American actress, voice artist, writer, and comedian.
Schaal was born in Longmont, Colorado, to a Lutheran family of Dutch and German ancestry.
She was raised on her family's cattle farm, in a rural area near Boulder.
She graduated from Northwestern University and then moved to New York in 2000 to pursue a comedy career.
In the late 1960s, she moved with her family to New York City where she made her acting debut at the age of 6.
She then studied classical orchestration and music listening at the Juilliard School of Music Extension Program.
Vigard continued performing in theatre, appearing in additional productions with Joanne Woodward and Shirley Knight.
After a week of performances, Vigard was replaced by Andrea McArdle, who played one of the orphans.
Though the show met with mostly negative reviews, Vigard received some of the best notices.
Although the show was the last musical to be written by Richard Rodgers, it received mixed reviews.
From 2009 through 2013, Vigard was a member of the band New White Trash, a downtempo acoustic rock band.
Vigard was a founding member, along with Michael C. Ruppert, drummer Andy Kravitz, and guitarist Doug Lewis.
Following Ruppert's suicide in 2014, the band announced its intention to release a tribute album.
Vigard lives with her husband and her daughter in Taos, New Mexico, where she has appeared in local plays.

Born in Oslo, Norway, Holby grew up in Larchmont, New York and attended Murray Avenue School and Mamaroneck High School.
She is an only child, and her parents divorced when she was a baby.
Davis lived in South Carolina until she graduated from A.C. Flora High School in 1983.
Davis graduated with a BFA degree in Acting from Rutgers University's Mason Gross School of the Arts in 1987.
After graduation in 1987, Davis moved to New York and waited tables before opening a yoga studio with a friend.
She left the show after one year when producers decided to kill off the character.
I was really shy and I didn't know how to come out of my shell.

Herrera was born in Los Angeles, California and has two older brothers and a sister, named Ryan, Justin and Ashley.
In 2005, she played Dana Cruz in Zoey 101, Zoey and Nicole's roommate.
Her character was originally planned to end up as Logan's girlfriend, but was replaced by Quinn Pensky.
Herrera has taken a hiatus from acting, stating that she would like to pursue it again in the future.

She graduated from high school at age 15 and began her studies at University of Hawaii that same year.
She is a classically trained pianist and holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Skidmore College in New York.
In 2002, convinced acting was her true calling card, Anapau reappeared in front of the lens.
The film went on to gross over $300 million worldwide and was nominated for 5 Academy Awards.
She was nominated for a Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Ensemble for Black Swan.
Kristina won the Actress No Ka Oi award at the 2011 Big Island Film Festival. 
Apgar graduated with Latin Honors, magna cum laude, from UCLA with a B.A.

She gave up being a competitive equestrian for a more complete immersion in theater in her teens.
Her other hobbies include horseback riding, diving , writing poetry, traveling, and listening to music. 
Born in Chatham, New York, DeBell began her career as a fashion model with Ford Models.
 Kristine Miller Kristine Miller is an American film actress, known for her appearances in film noir and Westerns.
After a decade in Argentina, the family sailed to New Orleans, landing in July 1931.
The pair would appear together in five films, four of them produced by Hal Wallis.
Kristine had balance, she would check some of our madder impulses, kept us calm when that was necessary.
Tired of Kay, Noll sends her to sweet-talk Frankie in an effort to stall for time.
Both men battle for control of the business that Turner built while Frankie was in prison.
Lizabeth Scott, ever competitive with all actresses, grabbed the Kay role for herself.
But then Lizabeth Scott decided she wanted the role, and Lizabeth got whatever she wanted—from Hal Wallis!
The next morning, all but the squadron leader and Jean are killed after an attack on the airstrip.
Despite Miller's preference for Bowers' original title, the film is her personal favorite.
The situation was aggravated by the return of veteran actors from overseas, either in uniform or the USO.
As she is romanced by Don DeFore, the pair quietly investigate the shady dealings of Jane.
Though shooting took place mid-September to mid-October 1948 at Republic Pictures, the film was released July 8, 1949.
A few years later, Jane has an argument with Nancy, who catches Jane and Bill having an affair.
Miller ended up playing a bridesmaid at Nancy's wedding, dropping from 3rd to 10th place in billing.
That December, Miller's marriage with William Schuyler was again announced, then again postponed.
Throughout the '50s, she was able to display a broader acting range than when under Paramount and Hal Wallis.
Miller recalled the weather on the range being cold, not hot as the film depicted.
Miller played Marlina, a young woman who hides a student protester from the communists.
Miller is a fellow officer of Leslie, involved in a romantic triangle with two pilots.
Originally Miller was to star in the series, but was unable due to her first pregnancy.
As a result, Mary Castle, a Rita Hayworth lookalike, took her place for the first 26 episodes.
In Miller's last episode of the series, she and Davis investigate a horse theft by the outlaw L.H.
Miller is married to a mild-mannered, bespectacled Davis, who is accused by the Chicago police of being a jewel thief.
Due to demands of family and her husband's business, Miller retired from acting.
The Schuylers left Los Angeles for the San Francisco Bay Area in the early 1960s.
The Schuylers later lived in Idaho during the 1990s, where they started two television stations.
She was born Kristine Young, and changed her name because she was often confused with another similarly named actress.
She attended high school in Lexington, Kentucky, where she participated in the Tates Creek Drama program.
Many actors and actresses guest-starred on the show, including Helen Hunt, Michael J.
I must say that it has been the best thing that ever happened to me.
We need him to end up with somebody else at the end of the movie.
Although not a hit at the box office originally, it had a profitable rental life.
Most of these films failed at the box office, and she reverted to TV work in the late 1990s.
The episode was a homage to John Hughes; Swanson appeared in two films produced by him in the 1980s.

 Krysten Ritter Krysten Alyce Ritter is an American actress, musician, and former model.
While in high school, she traveled to New York on her days off and began modeling there and in Philadelphia.
She did magazine, catalog, and runway work in Milan, New York, Paris, and Tokyo.
Ritter's acting career began when Wilhelmina placed her for an audition for a Dr Pepper television commercial.
Anna Camp, David Wilson Barnes and Justin Bartha co-starred in the production under the direction of Peter DuBois.
Ritter continued working in film, often cast as the best friend of the lead character.
She plays a New York City socialite turned into a vampire by a vampire queen .
However, it was confirmed in January 2014 that the pilot would not be picked up to series.
On October 15, 2014, NBC announced that it was no longer moving forward with the show.
Seth and Kylee filed for divorce in November of 2013, citing an amicable split and proceeding through mediation.
However, the youngest one was probably the most difficult for me, because she was just a tad heavy in those days.
Although Karath was born in Los Angeles, United States, her family was actually Greek.
Her original surname was Karathanasis, but then it was changed to Karath by her father.

Sedgwick's role in the series won her a Golden Globe Award in 2007 and an Emmy Award in 2010.
The series ended on August 13, 2012, following the completion of its seventh season.
She transferred from Sarah Lawrence to the University of Southern California, graduating with a theater degree.
She received a Golden Globe award in 2007 for her performance as lead actress and won a Primetime Emmy Award in 2010.
In 2009, Sedgwick was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for Television.
Sedgwick has identified herself as Jewish, and also has stated that she participates in Passover seders.
Three versions were recorded, one of which is the X-rated version with the raunchy lyrics.
She remained there for 22 years, returning to the US after the base was closed in 1988.
In 1988 she returned to perform at Madison Square Garden for Atlantic Records' 40th anniversary.
In 1990 she was among the first eight recipients of the Pioneer Award from the Rhythm and Blues Foundation.
LaVern Baker died from cardiovascular disease on March 10, 1997, at the age of 67.
Chabert was born in Purvis, Mississippi, the daughter of Julie and Tony Chabert.
The YoungStar awards honor the best film, TV and music performances made exclusively by six to eighteen-year-olds.
Chabert married her longtime boyfriend, David Nehdar, on December 22, 2013, in Los Angeles. 
 Lada St. Edmund Lada St. Edmund is an American personal trainer, dancer, singer, actress and stunt performer.
When St. Edmund was a child, she lived with her grandmother on a farm in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
The farmhands watched boxing on television, which sparked St. Edmund's interest in boxing as an adult.
She attended ballet classes and at the age of 12 performed in her first Broadway musical.
St. Edmund married in the late 1970s and moved to Upper Saddle River, New Jersey.
She performed on the ABC-TV variety program The Hollywood Palace on October 22, 1966.
She struggled to get serious roles in the film industry, often being seen only as a dancer.
After her meeting with Needham, and with the encouragement of Burt Reynolds, she studied to be a stunt performer.
In 1975, St. Edmund drove a 1972 Mercury to test airbags for Eaton Corporation.
She performed a motorcycle jump over cars on a television pilot for Evel Knievel, and suffered a compression fracture.
She was unable to perform one day and the woman who was her stand-in ended up being paralyzed during a scene.
St. Edmund's stunt work eventually made her the highest paid stuntwoman in Hollywood history.
 Laila Robins Laila Robins born March 14, 1959) is an American stage, film and television actress.
She serves on the boards of the Young Musicians’ Foundation, AIDS Project LA, and B'nai Brith.
Kazan suffered from deep vein thrombosis, and has dedicated time to educating the public about the condition.
Both had attended the same high school, Erasmus Hall High School in Brooklyn, New York.
Kazan appeared in numerous supper clubs across the country, and she guested on Dean Martin’s variety series 26 times.
Her mother, Robin Bell, owns the design firm Robin Bell Design in New York.
Bell attended The Chapin School in New York and Westminster School in Simsbury, Connecticut.
For part of her teenage years she lived in Vero Beach, Florida and attended Saint Edwards School.
She attended Skidmore College in Saratoga Springs, New York, before transferring to Rose Bruford College in London.
In September 2011, Bell modeled at Pirelli's Fashion Week in Milan, Italy.
In late October 2014, her representative confirmed that Bell had given birth to their daughter, Nova. 
 Lalaine Lalaine Vergara-Paras , also known as Lalaine, is an American actress, singer-songwriter and writer.
about Miranda's younger sister, but this did not air in 2005 as originally expected and was scrapped.
In 2004, Lalaine went to the Philippines and made guest appearances on the GMA Network including the SOP Gigsters.
Lalaine auditioned for the part of Miranda Sanchez in the Situation Comedy even though they did not have a laugh track.
She worked with Radio Disney, performing her songs in Southern California, and went to Hawaii with Disney's Imagineers.
She played bass guitar in the band Vanity Theft from April 2010 to January 2011.
In February 2003, Clarkson was found dead inside of a home belonging to producer Phil Spector.
Corman oriented his films towards young male viewers, using a mix of action and female nudity.
Although sales of the video were low, Corman did manage to turn a profit.
Other projects took her to Japan, Greece, Argentina, Italy, Switzerland, France, Jamaica, and Mexico.
On February 3, 2003, Clarkson was found dead in the mansion belonging to music producer Phil Spector.
In the early hours of that morning, she met Spector while working at the House of Blues.
Both left the House of Blues later in Spector's limousine and drove to his mansion.
About an hour later, the driver heard a gunshot before Spector exited his house through the back door with a gun.
On September 26, 2007, the case was declared a mistrial because the jury was hung ten to two for conviction.
Spector was sentenced on May 29, 2009 to 19 years to life in state prison. 
Turner spent most of the 1970s and early 1980s in semiretirement, only working occasionally.
Turner made her final film appearance in 1985, and died from throat cancer in 1995, aged 74.
Hard times eventually forced the family to relocate to San Francisco, where her parents soon separated.
Soon after, her mother developed health problems and was advised by her doctor to move to a drier climate.
Wilkerson was attracted by her beauty and physique, and referred her to the actor talent agent Zeppo Marx.
According to her daughter, this was a nickname Turner detested throughout her entire career.
Turner, an actress bolstered by her extreme beauty, reached the height of her fame in the 1940s and 1950s.
The Turner-Gable films' successes were only heightened by gossip-column rumors about a relationship between the two.
But every time I went into my argument about how bad a picture was, they'd say, 'well, it's making a fortune.'
The film became a box office success, which prompted the studio to take more risks on the star.
However, in January 1948, it was reported that she had withdrawn from the film.
Eventually, Turner agreed to make the film, but did not start production until March due to having to lose weight.
In addition, television had caught on in a big way; the public was staying home.
On October 25, 1981, the National Film Society presented Lana with an Artistry in Cinema award.
In 1994, she received Donostia Lifetime Achievement Award at the San Sebastian International Film Festival, Spain.
She decided to stop drinking, eat organic food, and examine her spiritual side.
In her autobiography, Turner admitted that she had two abortions and also suffered three stillbirths.
I’d put it off as long as I could and I gave in only when I was in love, or thought I was.
I’m not masquerading as a prude, but I’ve always been portrayed as a sexy woman, and that’s wrong.
Turner met Johnny Stompanato during the spring of 1957, shortly after ending her marriage to Barker.
Turner later wrote that she and her makeup man, Del Armstrong, called Scotland Yard to have Stompanato deported.
Many theories abound as to what actually happened, but the teenager apparently stabbed Stompanato, killing him.
It was later deemed a justifiable homicide at a coroner's inquest, at which Turner provided dramatic testimony.
Turner also famously dated Tyrone Power for several months and she considered him to be the love of her life.
While on a 1948 goodwill trip to Europe and South Africa, he fell in love with Linda Christian in Rome.
She stopped smoking after her diagnosis and, in February 1993, announced she was cancer free.
On May 24, 1950, Turner left hand- and footprints in front of the Grauman’s Chinese Theatre.
Her father lived in Vancouver, British Columbia, while her mother grew up in China.
Her elder sister, Natalie Wood, was named after director Sam Wood when Natalie first launched her child acting career.
She has an older half sister, Olga Viripaeff, from their mother's prior marriage.
In her early career, Wood usually played bit parts in films in which Natalie appeared.
Leota Lane did not find the same success as her sisters and left Hollywood for New York before their breakthrough.
Actress Gale Page was not related to the Lane Sisters, but starred as the fourth sister in their films.
Leotabel , Dorothy , Rosemary , and Priscilla , were born to Dr. Lorenzo A. Mullican and his wife, Cora Bell Hicks.
Leota was the first to leave home to pursue a musical career in New York in the mid-1920s.
It was Edwards who changed their names to Lane, and consequently Dorothy became Lola Lane.
Dr. Mullican strenuously objected to his younger daughters following theatrical careers, but Cora was determined.
Rosemary and Priscilla travelled to Des Moines every weekend to study dancing with Rose Lorenz.
The girls made their first professional appearance September 30, 1930, at Des Moines' Paramount Theater.
Priscilla decided to enroll at the nearby Fagen School of Dramatics and Leota paid the fee.
One was a strange-looking girl with her hair slicked back in a sort of a bun.
Neither Hepburn nor Sullavan were approved, and neither received a contract from MGM at the time.
In the meantime, Cora had left her husband and in 1932, accompanied by Rosemary, arrived in New York.
In early 1933 with Cora's approval they were signed to a contract with Waring.
Cora acted as chaperone to Rosemary and Priscilla who at this time adopted the name Lane.
Rosemary sang the ballads while Priscilla performed the swing numbers and wisecracked with Waring and various guests.
Rosemary shared the romantic passages with Powell, while Priscilla was a high-spirited college girl.
Although Lola had been in Hollywood since 1929, she had twice retired from the screen for marriage.
Warners awarded her a contract in 1937 and her looks suited the hard-edged roles she found at Warners.
Warner's purchased Priscilla and Rosemary's contract from Fred Waring and signed them to seven-year pacts.
The film, when released in October 1938, was a big success for all the young players.
At this time of professional success, the sisters were informed that Dr. Mullican had died in Iowa.
Lola, always enterprising, approached Jack L. Warner with the suggestion she and her sisters star in the film.
Warner agreed, and Leota was summoned from New York to test for the part of Emma, but proved unsuitable.
The actress would be tagged for the rest of her career as the fourth Lane.
Leota played Emma in the Lux Radio Theater version of the film heard on the evening of December 18, 1939.
The publicity, however, piqued public curiosity, and the film became a box office hit.
Priscilla received praise for her vivacious performance, as did Lynn playing the boy friend.
The supporting cast included Roland Young, Fay Bainter, May Robson, Genevieve Tobin, and Ian Hunter.
She played the sympathetic stepdaughter of a brutal prison foreman, played by Stanley Ridges.
The original ending of the film had the young lovers dying as fugitives from justice.
Audience reaction at previews was so negative that the studio withdrew the film and reshot a happy ending.
They felt Warner Bros. was casting her as stooge to such actors as John Garfield and James Cagney.
In Priscilla's case, Hitchcock felt she was too much the girl next door.
For the duration of the war, she followed her husband across America as he moved from one military base to another.
In January 1951, Cora Mullican died at the San Fernando Valley home her daughters had bought for her years earlier.
She enjoyed the television experience, but family demands proved too much, and she gave up after a year.
Chapman first appeared on television at the age of 13 in a Kentucky Fried Chicken commercial.
The series was cancelled after one season, despite an organised fan campaign to renew it.
In December 1998, she entered the Thalians Mental Health Department at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center for detoxification.
O'Grady died in her mobile home in Valencia, Santa Clarita, California, at age 46 on September 25, 2001.
In November of 2015 it was revealed that she will not be reprising the role for the third season set to air in 2017.
They went public with their romance at the 1999 Emmys, and remained together until the end of 2000.
Her first husband was John Patrick Dee III, whom she married on August 11, 1996, and divorced two years later.

 Lara Piper Lara Piper is an American film, and television actress and figurative sculptor based in North Carolina.
In 1998, she retired from acting to pursue a profession as a figurative sculptor.
Day was born La Raine Johnson in Roosevelt, Utah, one of eight children in an affluent Mormon family.
The family later moved to California where she began her acting career with the Long Beach Players.
Day's first marriage was to singer turned airport executive, James Ray Hendricks in 1942.
On January 21, 1947, Day traveled to Juarez, Mexico where she received a second divorce decree.
Later that day, she traveled to El Paso, Texas, where she married baseball manager Leo Durocher.
After waiting approximately one year, Day and Durocher remarried on February 16, 1948, in Santa Monica, California.
Throughout her life she never swore, smoked, or drank any kind of alcohol, coffee or tea.
Day had moved back to her native Utah in March 2007 following the death of her third husband.
She died at her daughter Gigi's home in Ivins, Utah, on November 10, 2007, at the age of 87.
Newman was born on March 2, 1952, in Los Angeles, California, the granddaughter of a cattle rancher from Arizona.
However, by her own account, she was unhappy for much of her time with the show - she disliked living in New York.
Her mother Lorraine is a former nurse, and her late father Roman Oleynik was an anesthesiologist.
Her father was of Ukrainian, Russian, Czech and Slovak ancestry, and she was raised in the Christian Orthodox religion.
After the success in her role as Alex Mack, Oleynik decided to attend college.
After appearing in the musical, she contacted an agent and began taking acting lessons.
The film was released in April 1999 and did fairly well at the box office, grossing a total of $38 million domestically.
She was nominated for the Young Artist Award six times, winning in 1990 and 1993 for her work on the show.
By the time Voorhies was two years old, the family had moved to Pasadena, California.
In 1994, Voorhies was in a group originally called the X-Girls with Stacee and Yashi Brown .
After a year of dating, Voorhies and Green married on April 30, 2015, at a chapel in Las Vegas, Nevada.
The case was dropped in less than two months, presumably due to some out-of-court settlement.
She died on October 20, 2013, after suffering a fall at her Van Nuys home.

Latvia is a unitary state, divided into 118 administrative divisions, of which 109 are municipalities and 9 are cities.
Latvian is an Indo-European language; it and Lithuanian are the only two surviving Baltic languages.
The peaceful Singing Revolution, starting in 1987, called for Baltic emancipation of Soviet rule.
For 2013, Latvia was listed 48th on the Human Development Index and as a high income country until 1 July 2014.
It used the Latvian lats as its currency until this was replaced by the euro on 1 January 2014.
Around 3000 BCE, the proto-Baltic ancestors of the Latvian people settled on the eastern coast of the Baltic Sea.
The Balts established trade routes to Rome and Byzantium, trading local amber for precious metals.
The first missionaries, sent by the Pope, sailed up the Daugava River in the late 12th century, seeking converts.
The local people, however, did not convert to Christianity as readily as hoped.
German crusaders were sent into Latvia to convert the population from their original pagan beliefs by force of arms.
In the beginning of the 13th century, large parts of today's Latvia were ruled by Germans.
In 1282, Riga, and later the cities of Cēsis, Limbaži, Koknese and Valmiera, were included in the Hanseatic League.
Riga became an important point of east-west trading and formed close cultural contacts with Western Europe.
Gotthard Kettler, the last Master of the Order of Livonia, formed the Duchy of Courland and Semigallia.
Latgalia, the easternmost region of Latvia, became a part of the Polish district of Inflanty.
Riga became the capital of Swedish Livonia and the largest city in the entire Swedish Empire.
Under Swedish and largely German rule, western Latvia adopted Lutheranism as its main religion.
Meanwhile, largely isolated from the rest of Latvia, southern Latgallians adopted Catholicism under Polish maritime .
Winters have average temperatures of and are characterized by stable snow cover, bright sunshine, and short days.
Severe spells of winter weather with cold winds, extreme temperatures of around and heavy snowfalls are common.
In a typical Latvian landscape, a mosaic of vast forests alternates with fields, farmsteads, and pastures.
Arable is spotted with birch groves and wooded clusters, which afford a habitat for numerous plants and animals.
Of these, 42% are raised bogs; 49% are fens; and 9% are transitional mires.
Nationally protected areas account for or around 20% of Latvia's total land area.
Latvia's Red Book , which was established in 1977, contains 112 plant species and 119 animal species.
Common species of wildlife in Latvia include deer, wild boar, moose, lynx, bear, fox, beaver and wolves.
According to the WWF, the territory of Latvia belongs to the ecoregion of Sarmatic mixed forests.
42 percent of Latvia's territory is covered by forests, mostly Scots pine, birch, and Norway spruce.
Oak , and linden are Latvia's national trees and the daisy its national flower.
Amber, fossilized tree resin, is one of Latvia's most important cultural symbols.
The borders of historical and cultural regions usually are not explicitly defined and in several sources may vary.
Under this division Riga region includes large parts of what traditionally is considered Vidzeme, Courland, and Zemgale.
The largest city in Latvia is Riga, the second largest city is Daugavpils and the third largest city is Liepaja.
Latvia is a member of the United Nations, European Union, Council of Europe, NATO, OSCE, IMF, and WTO.
It is also a member of the Council of the Baltic Sea States and Nordic Investment Bank.
Latvia is part of the Schengen Area and joined the Eurozone on 1 January 2014.
It has 44 diplomatic and consular missions and maintains 34 embassies and 9 permanent representations abroad.
Latvia hosts one European Union institution, the Body of European Regulators for Electronic Communications .
Latvia held the Presidency of the Council of the European Union in the first half of 2015.
Since 1996 more than 3600 military personnel have participated in international operations, of whom 7 soldiers perished.
In January 2011, the Baltic states were invited to join NORDEFCO, the defence framework of the Nordic countries.
In November 2012, the three countries agreed to create a joint military staff in 2013.
On 1 January 2014, the Euro became the country's currency, superseding the Lats.
Since the year 2000, Latvia has had one of the highest growth rates in Europe.
The Latvian economy fell 18% in the first three months of 2009, the biggest fall in the European Union.
The private sector accounted for nearly 68% of the country's GDP in 2000.
A law expanding the scope for selling land, including to foreigners, was passed in 1997.
Representing 10.2% of Latvia's total foreign direct investment, American companies invested $127 million in 1999.
Latvia's unemployment rate rose sharply in this period from a low of 5.4% in November 2007 to over 22%.
In April 2010 Latvia had the highest unemployment rate in the EU, at 22.5%, ahead of Spain, which had 19.7%.
Rating agency Standard & Poor's raised its outlook on Latvia's debt from negative to stable.
Latvia's current account, which had been in deficit by 27% in late 2006 was in surplus in February 2010.
Real GDP growth of 5.5 percent in 2011 was underpinned by export growth and a recovery in domestic demand.
The unemployment rate has receded from its peak of more than 20 percent in 2010 to around 9.3 percent in 2014.
Transit between Russia, Belarus, Kazakhstan as well as other Asian countries and the West is large.
Most transit traffic uses these and half the cargo is crude oil and oil products.
Riga International Airport is the busiest airport in the Baltic states with 4.7 million passengers in 2012.
Latvia has three big hydroelectric power stations in Pļaviņu HES , Rīgas HES and Ķeguma HES-2 .
The annual number of births per 1,000 adolescent women aged 15 to 19 has declined from 49.9 in 1990 to 17.9 in 2007.
In 2005, Latvia had a suicide rate of 24.5 per 100,000 inhabitants , the 7th highest in the world.
Traditional Latvian folklore, especially the dance of the folk songs, date back well over a thousand years.
Thus, the mostly peasant local pagan heritage was preserved, partly merging with Christian traditions.
The 19th century and beginning of the 20th century is often regarded as a classical era of Latvian culture.
Latvian Song and Dance Festival is an important event in Latvian culture and social life.
During the Soviet era, music became increasingly popular, with the most popular being songs from the 1980s.
This aroused popular protests against the USSR and also gave rise to an increasing popularity of poetry.
The festival is the biggest of its kind in the world and is held every two years in a different host city.
Latvian cuisine typically consists of agricultural products, with meat featuring in most main meal dishes.
Dinamo Riga is the country's strongest hockey club, playing in the Kontinental Hockey League.
At the moment the best known Latvian player is Kristaps Porziņģis who plays in the NBA for the New York Knicks.
Former Latvian basketball club ASK Riga won prestigious Euroleague tournament three times in a row before being defunct.
Currently, VEF Rīga, which competes in EuroCup, is the strongest professional basketball club in Latvia.
Other popular sports include volleyball, floorball, football, tennis, cycling, and bobsleigh.
Allen was born in Portland, Oregon, the daughter of Julie and David Allen.
She grew up on Bainbridge Island, Washington as the middle child of three sisters: older Jennifer and younger Lindsay.
She and Bruce Weyman married at the Relais Palazzo del Capitano in Pienza, Italy on September 23, 2006.
Kesling developed an interest in acting at a young age and has appeared in a number of commercials.
When she was four, she told her parents that she wanted to be on TV.
Her parents enrolled her in an acting class, and she soon signed with an agent.
She has since appeared in commercials for Home Depot, Glade, V-tech, Juicy Juice, Trilipix and Volkswagen.
Children were allowed on the set for up to eight hours, three of which had to be school hours.
Kesling was a longtime resident of Phoenix, Arizona, but now lives in Manhattan Beach, California.
As a child she spent her time in a traveling preschool, the LPGA Child Development Center.
Her mother, Lorna Bundy-Jones, manages a Victoria's Secret store, and her father, Don Bundy, is an electrical engineer.
She grew up dancing at Town and Village School of Dance in Paris, Kentucky.
She is the niece of Marcia Malone Bell, Miss Kentucky 1978 and 1979 Top Ten Miss America semifinalist.
For this part, she was nominated for a 1993 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Actress in a Musical.
She also appears in several short web videos as various comedic characters, such as Justice Goode and Shocantelle Brown.
She began her brief run on January 13, 2009, and ended it on February 22, 2009.
She was to play Elle again during the Nashville engagement of the national tour from June 23–28.
Bell Bundy is a spokesperson for Supercuts, and appears in their Winter 2012 advertisement campaign.
The single was made into a music video, which was directed by Shane Drake.
As of June 26, 2010, the album has sold over 70,000 copies in the United States.
It also charted internationally, where it reached number 34 on the Norwegian Albums Chart.
Bell Bundy began as the spokesperson for the Selected Chevrolet Dealers of Middle Tennessee in September 2011.
A music video for the single was filmed and released on CMT.com, however not long after the video was taken down.
Breckenridge was born August 22, 1983 in Flourtown, Pennsylvania to John and Diane Breckenridge.
In 2010, she graduated from Princeton with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Classics.
 Laura Cayouette Laura Cayouette is an American actress, writer, producer, and director.
Laura graduated from the University of Maryland, College Park with a BA in English.
She worked at Universal City Walk Hollywood cinemas in the 1990s before becoming an actress.
She has appeared in commercials for American Airlines, J. C. Penney, T.J. Maxx and Entenmann's cookies.
2015 co-starred Arnold Schwarzenegger, Abigail Breslin and Joely Richardson in the Horror drama film Maggie.

Her birth name has been given as either Mary Lou Briley or Mary Laura Briley.
Her father was identified in the press as Merrill Devon, an automotive engineer, and her mother as Velma Prather.
In 1954, she gave birth to her only child, Kevin, who became a noted screenwriter.
She tells the story of her coming to Hollywood in this way: Devon appeared in five feature-length commercial films.
During a seven-year period , Laura Devon had featured roles in numerous popular TV shows.
Laura Devon died of heart failure in Beverly Hills on July 19, 2007, aged 76. 
Esterman was born in New York City, New York, the daughter of Sophie and Benjamin Esterman, a doctor.
Her mother, María Elena Martínez-Cairo, is a spiritual teacher, real estate investor, and secretary.
Her father, Raymond Herring, was a developer and organic farmer of Austrian-German descent.
Harring lived the first ten years of her life in Mexico, before her family relocated to San Antonio, Texas.
Caught by stray fire from a driveby shooting at age 12, Harring suffered a head wound from a .45 bullet.
At age 16, she convinced her family to let her study in Switzerland at Aiglon College.
She eventually returned to the United States, settling down in El Paso, Texas and entered the world of beauty pageants.
Harring spent the next year traveling through Asia, exploring Europe and working as a social worker in India.
In 1987, she married Count Carl-Eduard von Bismarck-Schönhausen, great-great-grandson of Otto von Bismarck.
While she retains the title of Countess von Bismarck-Schönhausen, the couple divorced in 1989.
Her character was aged around 20 though the actress herself was 35 at the time.
She was the daughter of stage actress Angelena Lockwood and backstage carpenter John Thomas Crews.
Afterwards, she began to work in productions staged by the New York Theater Guild, which had just opened.
In the late 1920s Crews had been hired by Gloria Swanson to help with her transition to talking pictures.
Crews died in the LeRoy Sanitarium in New York City in 1942, following an illness of four months.
Laura Hope Crews was laid to rest at Cypress Lawn Memorial Park in Colma, California.
Her recurring role led her to become a series regular at the start of the third season.
A few years after the murder, she married actor David Brisbin and, in 1990, gave birth to their son, Cal.
She is known as an advocate for the disabled community, utilizing her role as a director to help employ disabled people.
She is a supporter of the Performers with Disabilities Committee, which is associated with the Screen Actors Guild. 


She was in Lisa Picard is Famous with Sandra Bullock who was in Loverboy with Bacon. 
While in high school, her family moved from Massachusetts to a large farm in Thomaston, Maine.
The first year she competed, she came in second and won the congeniality award.
She made several brief appearances on the series in 2001, 2002, 2003, and 2004.
She returned once again on February 15, 18 and 26 and March 1 of 2010, when Cassie's family was being terrorized.
Her daughter was born in 2001 at which time she took a break from acting to raise her children in Manhattan.
She has been noted in interviews with Soap Opera Digest magazine as being a fan of wearing thong and g-string bikinis.
 Laura La Plante Laura La Plante was an American actress, known for her work in silent film.
One of her earliest surviving films is Smouldering Fires , directed by Clarence Brown and costarring Pauline Frederick.
She talked about her husband, Irving Asher, who had just lost 25 lbs.
Mrs. Asher asked that her winnings, if any, go to the Motion Picture Relief Fund.
Laura La Plante died in Woodland Hills, California from Alzheimer's disease, at the age of 91. 
She was born in Jefferson City, Missouri and died in Los Angeles, California. 
Linney grew up in modest circumstances, living with her mother in a small one-bedroom apartment.
She went on to study acting at the Juilliard School as a member of Group 19 , which also included Jeanne Tripplehorn.
For the latter role, she received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actress in a Musical or Comedy.
She was a counselor at the community center where Tom Hardy, the son of Leslie and Steve Hardy, worked.
She was nominated for a 2010 Tony award for Best Leading Actress in a Play.
The play returned to Broadway with most of the original cast in September 2010 and closed on January 30, 2011.
In 2007, she became engaged to Marc Schauer, a real estate agent from Telluride, Colorado.
On her wedding in May 2009, actor Liam Neeson walked her down the aisle.
On January 8, 2014, Linney gave birth to a son, Bennett Armistead Schauer.
Despite laudatory reviews in the press for her Midwestern showings, misfortune struck in Hall's life.
Hall was with Fowler when he shot himself, along with her personal physician, Dr. Starling Wilcox.
Hall and Fowler were both employed by the Empire, and had just wed after arriving with their troupe in Columbus.
There she became even more prominent, appearing with the Grand Opera House Stock Company.
They were most likely produced in or around New York where the film industry was still centered and near stage actors.
Hall died on her sixtieth birthday in New Rochelle, New York on July 11, 1936. 
She was signed in 1912 and starred in about 50 films before her retirement from film in 1920.
Her father was of Russian Jewish descent and her mother is of English, German and Irish Catholic background.
Prepon's father died during heart surgery in 1993 at age 49; Prepon was 13 years old at the time.
In 1996, she studied drama with acting teacher Caroline Thomas at Thomas' Total Theatre Lab.
Prepon had also worked as a model and has done photo shoots in Paris, Milan, and Brazil.
The film tells the story of an obsessive relationship between a director and an actress.
Branching into other arenas than acting, Prepon also served as executive producer of the film.
Prepon was a regular in season 1, but appeared in only four of the 13 episodes in season 2.
Prepon dated Christopher Masterson for seven years, before breaking up with him in 2007.

In 1984, she received a Fine Arts degree, specializing in acting, from Carnegie Mellon School of Drama in Pittsburgh.
San Giacomo's first television appearances were four episodes on three television series during 1987.
The film was honored with the Cannes Film Festival's prestigious Grand Prize, the Palme d'Or.
Despite the shift in focus, San Giacomo remained an integral part of the show and with top billing.
She and the four other main cast members appeared in all 148 episodes of the series, which lasted until 2003.
San Giacomo is a cousin of Torry Castellano, former drummer of the rock group The Donnas.
Her hobbies include horseback riding, gymnastics, ice skating, ballet, tennis, golf and playing piano.
She is also a founder of the CHIME Charter Elementary School, an elementary school in Woodland Hills, California.
As a charter school, CHIME provides free public education to students and admits them through a lottery system.
Over her tenure with his film studio Thomas Edison was said to have considered Sawyer as his favorite actress.
At some point she married Charles Frederick Wolff and spent time living in Florida and New Jersey.
Her daughter Hayden grew up in Manhattan, New York and Bronxville, New York. 

 Laura Slade Wiggins Laura Slade Wiggins is an American television and film actress and a musician.
After a successful first season, the show was renewed for a second season, which premiered January 8, 2012.
Wiggins remained part of the main cast as a series regular for the first two seasons.

She attended the University of North Carolina where she graduated with a degree in Performance Communication.
After graduating from UNC, Holloman moved to Chicago to work with the Piven Theatre Workshop.
For this role, she was presented with a Golden Satellite Award in 2005 as Best Actress in a Drama series.
Holloman won 1st Place in Discipline Painting at the 2014 Contemporary Art Biennale of Argentina.
They have a daughter, Lola Reiko Macherey, who was born on November 4, 2004.
In 2011, Holloman filed for divorce, which was finalized on June 18, 2012. 

Her role was notable as she was an original cast member and the only one to stay with the show for its entire run.
She is the daughter of Anne , an interior designer, and Frank D'Ambruoso, a caterer.
She is of Italian descent on her father's side and German, English, and Irish on her mother's.
She is also a trained opera singer who studied voice and opera at the Boston University Tanglewood Institute.
For her performance as Kitzinger, Ambrose received a Saturn Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress In Television.
Ambrose is the lead singer of Lauren Ambrose and the Leisure Class, a ragtime dixieland jazz band formed in 2009.
Ambrose has been married to professional photographer Sam Handel of Needham, MA since September 2001.
 Lauren Barrett Lauren Barrett is an American actress, singer, songwriter, guitarist and pianist.
Barrett invested the contest winnings, reported at $30,000, in recording her own material.
Forging ahead and focused on success, Barrett handpicked Mike Malinin of Goo Goo Dolls to produce her.

Cohan was born on January 7, 1982 to an American father and a British mother.
When Cohan's mother remarried, she adopted her new husband's surname, Cohan, and converted to Judaism.
Cohan converted to her stepfather's religion, Judaism, at age five and had a Bat Mitzvah.
The character appeared in six episodes of the series, and was killed off in the penultimate episode of season three.
At first the character was recurring but became starring at the start of the third season.
The drama is the highest rated series in cable television history and has smashed all previous ratings records.
 Lauren Conrad Lauren Katherine Tell is an American television personality, fashion designer, and author.
Born and raised in Laguna Beach, California, she attended Laguna Beach High School.
She filmed an alternate ending for the series finale in July 2010, which was broadcast in August 2013.
Conrad launched the fashion lines LC Lauren Conrad and Paper Crown in 2009 and 2011, respectively.
Conrad was born in Laguna Beach, California on February 1, 1986, to parents Jim, an architect, and Kathy .
She has a younger sister named Breanna, also a television personality, and a brother, Brandon.
Conrad first expressed an interest in a career in the fashion industry when she was in the sixth grade.
By the second season, their friendship had deteriorated after Montag began dating Spencer Pratt.
After Montag moved in with Pratt, Patridge and Lo Bosworth later became roommates with Conrad.
line, marketed towards young women; she was succeeded by actress Ashley Greene in June 2010.
In 2008, Conrad and Port began employment with Kelly Cutrone's PR firm, People's Revolution.
It was inspired by her life, focusing on a woman named Jane Roberts who moves to Los Angeles.
Looking to target a more upscale audience, Conrad released her third fashion line Paper Crown that August.
In July, she collaborated with BlueAvocado to launch XO, an environmentally-friendly collection of bags.
The scene depicts Jenner returning to his apartment after seeing Cavallari's limousine off to Europe.
In February 2015, Conrad released her Cinderella by LC Lauren Conrad for Kohl's collection.
In May 2015, Conrad released her Disney's Minnie Mouse collection by LC Lauren Conrad.
when arguing with Heidi Montag over her alleged involvement with sex tape rumors involving herself in the third season.
In 2010, Conrad was named the second highest-paid reality television personality, ranking behind Kim Kardashian.

Graham was raised in her father's Catholic faith ; she is of Irish, English, Scottish ancestry.
She earned her actor's Equity Card in 1988 after two years in summer stock at the Barn Theatre in Augusta, Michigan.
Graham graduated from Barnard College in 1988 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in English Literature.
Between 1996 and 1997, Graham became a regular guest star on several hit NBC shows.
For her work she received a nomination for Best Actress in a Television Series at the 2001 Golden Globe Awards.
Graham has said that she enjoys playing in short films, and acting in the Williamstown Theatre Festival.
In 2007, Graham signed a seven-figure development deal with NBC in one of the year's richest TV talent pacts.
Initial reviews for this performance have been mixed, but generally regard her fresh take on the character as a success.
The series debuted on NBC the following year, and was later renewed for a second season.
 Lauren Hays Lauren Hays, also known as Laura Lynn, is an American actress and singer.
Her father, Grant Holly, is a screenwriter and professor of literature at Hobart and William Smith Colleges.
Holly was raised in Geneva, New York, and is a 1981 graduate of Geneva High School, where she was a cheerleader.
In 1985, Holly earned an undergraduate degree in English from Sarah Lawrence College in New York.
Holly, who now lives primarily in Canada with her husband and their three children, became a Canadian citizen in 2008.
During the same year, retailer Mango launched a fashion collection inspired by Hutton's personal style.
She spoke of a void that Williamson filled: I didn't have a father, and I wanted to be a child with a protector.
I'd never seen a shrink, and there was a psychological situation that clearly needed to be addressed.
But, you know, I wanted to see the world and how people lived and think about who are we, how are we, why is the world?
Lane was married to David Wilkins and together they had one daughter, Kate Wilkins .
Since 2000, Lane has done shows with Zachary Scott Theatre, located in Austin, Texas.
They continue to produce a yearly Golden Girls event, in 2011 attended by Rue McClanahan's estate.
LoGiudice toured the play in New York, San Francisco, Portland and New Orleans.
In the Olympic League cross country finals held on November 2, 2000, she placed 28th with a time of 25:49.15.
She attended Biola University for a Ph.D. in clinical psychology, with her research focusing on ambivalent sexism.
Storm was born in Chicago, Illinois, near a village located in Cook County.
Her father, Dave, is a dentist, and her mother, Barb, a magazine editor.
Storm's father is of German background and her mother is Jewish, and Storm was raised in the Jewish religion.
She received response from many theatrical agencies and was asked to relocate to Los Angeles for pilot season.
 Lauren Tom Lauren Tom is an American stage, film, television and voice actress of Chinese descent.
Her parents were born in Chicago, and her grandparents came from Guangdong province, China.
Her uncle, Ping Tom, was also a businessman and an influential civic leader in Chicago's Chinatown.
Since the mid-1990s, Tom has focused her work, primarily, in the voiceover roles.
She also voiced various recurring characters on the show, such as Numbuh 23 and Numbuhs 44 and 45.
 Lauren Vélez Lauren Vélez is an American actress and the twin sister of actress Lorraine Vélez.
The twins' parents moved from Puerto Rico in the early 1950s and lived in Brooklyn, a borough of New York City.
After graduating from high school, they each received scholarships to attend the Alvin Ailey Dance School.
She was nominated for the Independent Spirit Award and The Desi Award for Best Lead Actress.
In 2010, she received the Rita Moreno HOLA Award for Excellence from the Hispanic Organization of Latin Actors . 
So she decided to try her hand at acting and began her career as an extra in films.
As she found modeling boring and was unable to sit still for hours at a time, she took his suggestion.
She was a widely known Hollywood celebrity during the 1950s, owing much to publicity about her social life.
In July 1935 the family left Honolulu on the SS Mariposa to settle in Los Angeles.
She signed a five-year contract with 20th Century-Fox in 1945, for a weekly salary of $125.
From that time forward she was cast mostly in exotic, sexy character roles in films and television.
By 1990 Luez was living in the Los Feliz district of Los Angeles with her sister Lei, along with a nephew.
Laurette Luez died on September 12, 1999 in Milton, Florida, aged 71, from undisclosed causes. 

 Lauri Peters Lauri Peters is an American actress, dancer, singer, drama teacher and author.
She can be heard on the show's cast album, which has sold more than three million copies in the US.
She attended Liberty Baptist College, where she met her future husband, Gregory McCauley.
The couple had five children, named Lauren, Scott, Jordan, Francis, and Isabelle, all of whom were home-schooled.
Her father, an electrical engineer, was a former sailor in the United States Navy, and worked long hours.
In 1979 Bird committed suicide by taking an overdose of Valium in the apartment she shared with Garfunkel in New York.

Born in Los Angeles and raised in Toronto, Holden holds dual citizenship in the United States and Canada.
After her parents, actors Glen Corbett and Adrienne Ellis, divorced, her mother married director Michael Anderson.
Holden transferred to University of California, Los Angeles and received a degree in theater and film in 1993.
At UCLA, she was a member of the National Honor Society and received the prestigious Natalie Wood Acting Award.
Holden was set to co-star opposite Epatha Merkerson and Yaya Dacosta in the ensemble medical drama.
For her role in this series, she was also nominated in 2011 for the Scream Award for Best Supporting Actress.
Metcalf attended Illinois State University and obtained her Bachelor of Arts in Theater in 1977.
Metcalf began her professional career at Steppenwolf, of which she was a charter member.
The former production's run, however, lasted but one week, while the latter was canceled prior to opening.
They had a daughter, Zoe, in 1984, and later divorced, in 1992.
She enjoys doing yoga before a performance and practices all of her lines out loud before a show.
She has self-disclosed as a workaholic and that she is hard on herself during rehearsals.
She has often said that she prefers theatre to any acting medium as it is where she feels most comfortable. 
Walter is six months older than Betty Buckley, , who played her character's stepmother.
According to the IMDb, Walters, as of 1999, lived in Los Angeles, where she worked as an environmentalist.
Shortly thereafter, Zimmer's career stalled, and, after playing her fifth role , she permanently retired from acting.
The film chronicles Szlovak's search to discover why Zimmer quit acting, where she is now, and what she is doing.

 Lea Thompson Lea Katherine Thompson is an American actress, television director, and television producer.
Thompson was born in Rochester, Minnesota, one of five children of Clifford and Barbara Barry Thompson.
After a break from acting, Thompson went on to star in several Broadway plays.


While performing with the Phil Harris orchestra, she met Music Corporation of America executive Sonny Werblin.
They married on March 27, 1938 and had three sons: Robert, Thomas, and Hubbard.
The Werblin's were married for more than 50 years until his death in 1991.
Among their racing successes, their colt, Silent Screen, was voted the 1969 American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt.
Leah Ray Werblin died on May 27, 1999, at her home in Rumson, New Jersey at the age of 82. 
Hunley was born in Forks, Washington , and later attended the University of Washington in Seattle.
After a 21 year absence from playing the role, Hunley returned on June 21, 2007 as Anna Fredericks DiMera.
 Leanna Creel Leanna Creel is an American actress, film producer, film director, screenwriter and photographer.
Creel is an identical triplet who, along with her sisters Monica and Joy, started acting in the late 1980s.
She attended UCLA and received a bachelor's degree in history, and then a Master's degree in film and television.
Creel produced her first film in 1994, helping out a friend whose producer had been involved in a car accident.
Creel married Rinat Greenberg on June 17, 2008, when California legalized same-sex marriages. 
 Leatrice Joy Leatrice Joy was an American actress most prolific during the silent film era.
She tried out for the New Orleans-based Nola Film Company in 1915 and was hired as an actress.
A professional dispute ended the DeMille/Joy partnership in 1928 and she was signed with MGM.
In the 1960s, Joy retired to Greenwich, Connecticut where she lived with her daughter and son-in-law.
Joy's second marriage was to businessman William Spencer Hook on October 22, 1931; they divorced in 1944.
Joy's third and final marriage was to former actor and electrical engineer Arthur Kem Westermark.
They married on March 5, 1945 in Mexico City and divorced in October 1954.
During her silent film career in the 1920s, she was Hollywood's best known Christian Scientist.
She was interred at the Saint Savior Episcopal Churchyard in Old Greenwich, Fairfield County, Connecticut.
Under her new arrangement, the show's producers and writers had to take care to write scenes for Becky sparingly.
Goranson's exit resulted in Becky's eloping with her boyfriend, Mark Healy, who was played by Glenn Quinn.
Becky would be seen via the phone briefly on some occasions as she now lived out of state.
In the next season, although not at the beginning, the producers decided to bring the character back.
Chalke played Becky for the remainder of the sixth season and all of the seventh season.
Toward the end of the season, Goranson was available again and she returned to play Becky.
In her film roles as an adult, she is normally credited as Alicia rather than Lecy.
In addition to her screen work, she is also a voice actress with several motion picture credits.

She went on to study acting at HB Studios in New York and with Uta Hagen.

 Lee Grant Lee Grant is an American stage, film and television actress, and film director.
She has been nominated for the Emmy Award seven times between 1966 through 1993, winning twice.
Her father was born in New York City, to Polish Jewish immigrants, and her mother was a Russian Jewish immigrant.
She debuted in a show at the Metropolitan Opera, and later joined the American Ballet as an adolescent.
In 1938, in her early teens, she was made a member of the American Ballet, under George Balanchine.
Her acting range extended into comedy equally well, notably in several roles as an overbearing mother.
The film received mixed reviews but was Columbia's biggest hit in the studio's 50-year history.
After thinking about the scene for a few days, she told director Hal Ashby she couldn't do it his way and was quitting.
Despite the success of the film, Grant was feeling less secure in Hollywood as she was now around 50 years old.
For her direction, Grant became the first female director to win the Directors Guild of America Award.
From 2004-07, Carlin Glynn, Stephen Lang, and Grant served as co-artistic directors for the Actors Studio.
Grant played Fonsia Dorsey opposite Frank Buxton as Weller Martin; her daughter Dinah Manoff directed the production. 
The role earned her two Golden Globe Award nominations in 1975 and 1976, and an Emmy Award nomination in 1977.
Meriwether was born in Los Angeles, California to Claudius Gregg Meriwether and Ethel Eve Mulligan .
She has one brother, Don Brett Meriwether, born May 14, 1938, in Los Angeles.
She grew up in San Francisco after the family moved there from Phoenix, Arizona.
She attended George Washington High School, where one of her classmates was Johnny Mathis.
She later attended City College of San Francisco, where one of her classmates was fellow actor Bill Bixby.
An August 1, 1956 international news wirephoto of Meriwether and Joe DiMaggio announced their engagement.
According to DiMaggio biographer Richard Ben Cramer, it was a rumor started by Walter Winchell.
During the show's eight-year run she enjoyed an on- and off-screen chemistry with the elder Ebsen.
During the show's run, she was reunited with her former classmate and best friend Bill Bixby during one episode.
After twenty-six years, Fickett wanted to go into semi-retirement as a recurring cast member.
ABC decided to bring back the character of Ruth Martin in 2002, but Fickett remained in retirement.
Meriwether was hence brought back and remained a featured recurring performer on the show until it ended.
Meriwether continues to work on stage, television, game voice-overs, and feature films.
Over the next several years she played numerous supporting roles, without attracting much critical attention.
She has a star in the Motion Pictures section on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6104 Hollywood Boulevard.
Remick died on July 2, 1991, at the age of 55, at her home in Los Angeles of kidney cancer.
Survivors included her husband, her son, her daughter, two stepdaughters, and her mother.
Joe Pasternak was impressed by them and signed them to a seven-year contract with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer studios.
Lyn briefly continued her film career after that, appearing in six more films until 1953.
She graduated from Trevor Day School in 2001 and studied literature and fine art at Brown University.
The film was a major financial success, grossing over $349 million worldwide on a $75 million production budget.
The film was panned by critics, and had a disappointing weekend $5,738,448 gross with little promotion.
The film premiered at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival and had a limited release in the United States in 2008.
The film suffered critically and was a minor success at the box office, garnering over $32 million worldwide.
In the film, she played the role of Chloe, a potentially lethal med student.
The film tells the story of a man who is on a mission on killing the men who raped his wife.
Sobieski speaks fluent French, which she learned from her father, who currently lives in France.
They were engaged on May 28, 2009, but chose to keep the news private.
Their daughter, Louisanna Ray, was born in December, 2009 and son Martin, was born in August, 2014.
But I feel like it's constantly fluctuating, and that you can make yourself happy.
There are certain films like that, that can appeal to everybody and have a message in it and that's really great. 
She also liked that she got to work on the Disney movie because it taps into her family unit fanbase.
They have two sons, Griffin, born in 2009, and Baker James, born in 2012. 

Reportedly, the slight name change to O'Keefe when she became a semi-regular was at the television network's insistence.
The show, in which Goober and his sister managed a highway truck stop, was not picked up by the networks.
Hamilton born in Auckland, New Zealand, on December 20, 1949, to parents, Colleen and Derek Hiene.
The Hamilton Galleries are now located on Ocean Avenue in Santa Monica, California, as of 2012.
Leigh Hamilton died at Saint John's Health Center in Santa Monica, California, on September 8, 2012, at the age of 62.
She got her first break on a Jack Benny Christmas show that was being televised from the San Diego Naval Base.
She was instructed along with Mara Corday, Pat Crowley, Clint Eastwood, James Garner, and John Saxon.
She married accordionist Dick Contino in September of 1956 and they remained together until her passing in 1982.
She claimed to be nervous about having to appear in her slip during most of the play's second act.
Her father was a diplomat, and her younger siblings are actress and sculptor Dey Young and writer producer Lance Young.
At the time she received the role, Taylor-Young had been in California for only a few days.
It was on this series that she met Ryan O'Neal, whom she later married.
Following this, she pursued a career in films, landing a lucrative seven-year contract with a major studio.
The marriage produced a son, Patrick, but Leigh and O'Neal divorced in 1973.
She lived in India for almost two years and returned to the U.S. in 1976.
For this role she won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Performance in a Supporting Role in a Musical. 
Arcieri spent the better part of her childhood in Sebastopol, located in California's wine and redwood country.

Born in New York City to vaudeville comedy performers John Hyams, and Leila Hyams .
Before moving to Los Angeles to become an actress she worked as a hotel telephone operator.
She currently is a Marriage and Family Therapist, practicing in Los Angeles, California. 
She is the founder and president of Women for the World, a non-profit organization based in Santa Monica.
At 17, she came out as gay before moving to New York City to attend the American Academy of Dramatic Arts.
With her Academy classmate Heather Grody, she formed the pop duo The Murmurs in 1991.
It was announced in April 2009 that the show would not be picked up by Showtime.
In 2007, Hailey was named the sexiest woman in the AfterEllen Hot 100 list compiled by AfterEllen.com.

She developed the character after attending Spike and Mike's Sick and Twisted Festival of Animation with a friend.
She packed the shirts herself and mailed the orders every morning from the neighborhood post office.
Lee met many people, particularly females of all ages and ethnicities who responded to the anger that ALAG unleashed.
She took 2 years to teach herself how to draw comics with books checked out from the library.
She also began submitting her comic strips to syndicates in hopes of getting syndicated in newspapers.
Also in December 2014, Angry Little Asian Girl had a short run on a cable network and is now a web series.



She was born in Berlin, Germany, and was a grandniece of the German composer Friedrich von Flotow.
Peterson was born in Omaha, Nebraska, the daughter of Lenke , a lab technician, and Sven Edward Isacson, a physician.
Peterson is the mother of actress Glynnis O'Connor and by her husband Daniel O'Connor, who is retired from NBC News. 
 Lenore Ulric Lenore Ulric was a star of the Broadway stage and Hollywood films of the silent-film and early sound era.
As a schoolgirl, Lenore obtained a job with a stock company in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
She worked briefly as a film actress for Essanay Studios and joined another stock company in Schenectady, New York.
In 1915 she went to work for Pallas Pictures starring in several pictures that survive today at the Library of Congress.
She signed with Fox Film Corporation to make several films with an approximate salary of $650,000.
She died of heart failure in Rockland State Hospital, Orangeburg, New York on December 30, 1970, aged 78. 
During her brief career, between 1913 and 1916, she appeared in 48 silent era motion pictures.
Among her other co-stars were William S. Hart, William Russell, Charles Ray, and Sessue Hayakawa.
During World War I, Hutton served overseas with the American and French Red Cross.
Hutton, also known as Mrs. Mary Epstein, committed suicide in 1949, by an overdose of codeine.
She died in an iron lung in Maumee Hospital in Toledo, Ohio, eighteen hours after she was discovered by her husband.
She had been confined to her home for ten weeks because of a leg fracture.
Dana was married to actor Kurt Kasznar from 1950 to 1958; the childless union ended in divorce.
Down was born on 17 March 1954 and raised in Wandsworth, South West London, England.
She began acting and modelling, and in her teenage years had won several beauty pageants.
Down's second marriage was to film director William Friedkin from 1982 to 1985, with whom she had one son, Jack .
They began a relationship, which ended Down's marriage to Friedkin and Fauntleroy's marriage to Susan Ducat.
She has been nominated once for an Academy Award and Emmy Award and five times for Golden Globe Award, winning one.
Warren was born in New York City, the daughter of Margot , a singer, and William Warren, a real estate agent.
The Warren began her career as a ballet dancer, training at the School of American Ballet.
She entered the Actors Studio at the age of 17—reputedly the youngest applicant ever to be accepted.
Despite her departure, throughout the 1970s Warren became a leading lady of TV movies, TV series, and TV miniseries.

Born on August 22, 1910, Woods was a graduate of the Goodman School of Drama in Chicago.
 Lesli Margherita Lesli Margherita is an American musical theatre, voice, film and television actress.
She was highly involved with the Filipino community and co-produced the yearly Pilipino Cultural Night show.



Her numerous works have been produced Off-Broadway, in major regional theatres, and in Poland and Slovakia.
In addition to her writing achievements, Ms. Ayvazian is an accomplished actress and teacher.

Bibb was born in Bismarck, North Dakota, and raised in Nelson County, Virginia.
The celebrity judges, John Casablancas, Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista, and Iman chose Bibb as the winner.
Most critics panned the show, and it was canceled months later after low ratings.
The show was a major success among teenagers and led Bibb to more recognizable film roles.
Her character was Chloe, the classmate, friend and love interest of Jackson's character.
She appeared as Desiree in the independent film ' opposite Patrick Fugit, Shannyn Sossamon, Tom Waits, and Will Arnett.
It was shown at both The Sundance Film Festival and The Seattle International Film Festival Awards in 2006.
That year, she played as Will Ferrell's wife Carley in the comedy feature film '.
Her character was Jessica, a potential love interest for Prinze's character, meeting him at a funeral.
The film was promoted at the 2007 Comic-Con International, however, received a limited release in 2008.
The film is Bibb's biggest box office success, with a worldwide gross of $621.8 million.
For her performance she won the Best Actress Award at the 26th Boston Film Festival.
In 2008, Revlon announced that its Almay Brand has signed Bibb as its ambassador.
Bibb married investment banker Rob Born on November 22, 2003, in Zihuatanejo, Mexico.
As Leslie Brooks, she began appearing in movie bit roles for Columbia in 1941.
She retired from films in 1949, but returned to made one last film in 1971.
Brooks died on July 1, 2011 at the age of 88 in Sherman Oaks, California. 
She was a principal dancer with the American Ballet Theatre in New York City from 1986 until 1993.
She was born in New York, the daughter of dancers Kelly Kingman Brown and Isabel Mirrow Brown.
She has two brothers and one sister; her brother Kevin is a film producer.
She earned a scholarship to study at the School of American Ballet, then joined the distinguished New York City Ballet.
She went on to be nominated for the Golden Globe and Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.
Easterbrook was born in Los Angeles and adopted by Carl and Helen Easterbrook, and raised in Arcadia, Nebraska.
Easterbrook is an NRA member and has served on the board of directors of the California Rifle & Pistol Association.


Stefanson was born in Fargo, North Dakota, and raised in Moorhead, Minnesota.
On August 31, 2008, Stefanson gave birth to her first child, a son by actor James Spader.

About 40% of the population lives below the international poverty line of US $1.25 a day.
The present Lesotho, then called Basutoland, emerged as a single polity under King Moshoeshoe I in 1822.
In 1851 a British force was defeated by the Basotho army at Kolonyama, touching off an embarrassing war for the British.
Moshoeshoe died on 11 March 1870, marking the end of the traditional era and the beginning of the colonial era.
The main force was defeated in northern Lesotho, and later guerrillas launched sporadic but usually ineffectual attacks.
The campaign was severely compromised when BCP's leader, Ntsu Mokhehle, went to Pretoria.
A few days later, Edgar Mahlomola Motuba was taken from his home and murdered.
Member states of the Southern African Development Community engaged in negotiations to reinstate the BCP government.
One of the conditions Letsie III put forward for this was that his father should be re-installed as head of state.
Pakalitha Mosisili succeeded Mokhehle as party leader and the LCD won the general elections in 1998.
Exact details of what followed are greatly disputed, both in Lesotho and South Africa.
Incidences of sporadic rioting intensified when South African troops hoisted a South African flag over the Royal Palace.
The new system retained the existing 80 elected Assembly seats, but added 40 seats to be filled on a proportional basis.
Elections were held under this new system in May 2002, and the LCD won again, gaining 54% of the vote.
Nine opposition parties now hold all 40 of the proportional seats, with the BNP having the largest share .
The Prime Minister, Pakalitha Mosisili, is head of government and has executive authority.
The Democratic Congress leads a coalition government in the National Assembly, the lower house of parliament.
All but one of the Justices on the Court of Appeal are South African jurists.
Lesotho was ranked 12th out of 48 sub-Saharan African countries in the 2008 Ibrahim Index of African Governance.
The country faced high unemployment, economic collapse, a weak currency and poor travel documents restricting movement.
In May 2010 the Charter Movement delivered a petition to the South African High Commission requesting integration.
South Africa's home affairs spokesman Ronnie Mamoepa rejected the idea that Lesotho should be treated as a special case.
We sent envoys to our neighbours – Botswana, Zimbabwe, Swaziland and Lesotho – before we enforced the passport rule.
Lesotho's geographic location makes it extremely vulnerable to political and economic developments in South Africa.
Prince Seeiso Hirohr Seeiso is the present High Commissioner of the Kingdom of Lesotho to the Court of St. James's.
The UN is represented by a resident mission as well, including UNDP, UNICEF, WHO, FAO, WFP, UNFPA and UNAIDS.
Lesotho also has maintained ties with the United Kingdom , Germany, the United States and other Western states.
Decisions from South African courts are only persuasive, and courts refer to them in formulating their decisions.
They are however bound by decisions of the High Court and the Court of Appeal.
At the apex of the Lesotho justice system is the Court of Appeal, which is the final appellate forum on all matters.
Lesotho has a dual legal system consisting of customary and general laws operating side by side.
Until this time, the Basotho customs and laws were passed down from generation to generation through oral tradition.
These include writings of the old authorities as well as contemporary writers from similar jurisdictions.
For administrative purposes, Lesotho is divided into ten districts, each headed by a district administrator.
The districts are further subdivided into 80 constituencies, which consist of 129 local community councils.
It is the only independent state in the world that lies entirely above in elevation.
Lesotho is also the southernmost landlocked country in the world and is entirely surrounded by South Africa.
Because of its altitude, Lesotho remains cooler throughout the year than other regions at the same latitude.
Winters can be cold with the lowlands getting down to and the highlands to at times.
Snow is common in the highlands between May and September; the higher peaks can experience snowfalls year-round.
The Letseng mine is estimated to produce diamonds with an average value of $2172 11.
The exporting sectors have brought higher and more secure incomes to a significant portion of the population.
The official currency is the loti , but can be used interchangeably with the South African rand.
Basotho subgroups include the Bakuena , Batloung , Baphuthi , Bafokeng, Bataung , Batšoeneng , Matebele etc.
Members of other religions and members of traditional indigenous religions comprise the remaining 10% of the population.
According to 2009 estimates, the prevalence is about 23.6%, one of the highest in the world.
The UNDP stated that in 2006 life expectancy in Lesotho was estimated at 42 years for men and women.
Prevention of mother to child transmission coverage increased from about 5 percent in 2005, to 31 percent in 2007.
The roll-out of antiretroviral therapy has made good progress, with 38,586 people receiving treatment by 2008.
Bill Clinton and Microsoft chairman Bill Gates visited Lesotho in July 2006 to assess its fight against AIDS.
The program is helping to combat two of the key drivers of the HIV/AIDS epidemic: poverty and gender inequality.
Surveys within the industry by ALAFA show that 43% of the employees have HIV.
Traditional attire revolves around the Basotho blanket, a thick covering made primarily of wool.
The blankets are ubiquitous throughout the country during all seasons, and worn differently for men and women.
It is held annually in the historical town of Morija, where the first missionaries arrived in 1833.
According to the Lesotho Census 2006 around 4% of the population is thought to have some sort of disability.
International data from UNODC found the incidence of rapes recorded in 2008 by the police to be the highest in Lesotho.
She was nominated for Outstanding Younger Actress in a Drama Series for her roles of Lily Montgomery and Ava Benton.
However, the series ended its eight-episode run on August 15, 2010, due to low ratings.
I just had to get in the mindset of someone who would want to do that every day!
That's not typically the first thing that comes to mind when you look at me, I don't think.
But when I put on that wig – luckily they didn't dye my hair – and change my physicality a lot...
But I felt a lot less inhibited, and I felt down to be a little more brash and powerful and strong.
I kind of hid behind all this brown hair, and it gave me the power and confidence to verbally rip this one over here.
This is her second engagement as she was previously engaged to Producer Geoffrey James Clark.
Rambin is very passionate about Autism research and awareness as well as the humane treatment of animals.
However, it was after attending a film camp in New York that Lexi developed an interest in film and television acting.
On October 7, 2011, she confirmed that she had shot her last scenes in the role, and her last airdate was November 4.


After touring with NIN, Lezlie recorded early demos of songs with musicians Josh Freese, Danny Lohner, and Robyn Finck.
However, another project much closer to her heart was taking precedent and so she left the league.
Chang's photographs have been exhibited in the United States and elsewhere and published in various media.
Since the 1980s, she has built a corpus of photographs of persons of color in the arts.
Liberato was born in Galveston, Texas, the daughter of Rhondelle, a former real estate agent, and George Liberato.
The film centers on a 10-year-old girl who discovers a secret sin haunting her community.
Liberato won the Silver Hugo Award for Best Actress for her performance at the 46th Chicago International Film Festival.
She graduated from Hughes High School on June 11, 1920, at the age of 16.
She graduated from the University of Cincinnati on June 16, 1923, with a Bachelor of Arts degree.
Libby Holman later subtracted two years from her age, insisting she was born in 1906.
In the summer of 1924, Holman left for New York City, where she first lived at the Studio Club.
An early stage colleague who became a longtime close friend was future film star Clifton Webb, then a dancer.
Holman had a variety of intimate relationships with both men and women throughout her lifetime.
They raised their children and lived together and were openly accepted by their theater companions.
She scandalized some by dating much younger men, such as fellow American actor Montgomery Clift, whom she mentored.
Holman took an interest in one fan, Zachary Smith Reynolds, the heir to the R. J. Reynolds tobacco company.
Reynolds begged friend Dwight Deere Wiman, who was the show's producer, for an introduction to Holman.
Reynolds wanted Holman to abandon her acting career, she consented by taking a one-year leave of absence.
Authorities initially ruled the shooting a suicide, but a coroner's inquiry ruled it a murder.
The Reynolds family contacted the local authorities and had the charges dropped for fear of scandal.
Journalist Milt Machlin investigated the death of Smith Reynolds and argued that Reynolds committed suicide.
Holman married her second husband, film and stage actor Ralph Holmes, in March 1939.
In 1940, both brothers, who were half-Canadian, joined the Royal Canadian Air Force.
Phillips was killed in a collision of two military aircraft on August 12, 1942.
When Ralph returned home in August 1945, the marriage quickly soured and they soon separated.
On November 15, 1945, Ralph Holmes was found in his Manhattan apartment, dead of a barbiturate overdose at age 29.
Her natural son Christopher died on August 7, 1950 after falling while mountain climbing.
Holman had always been involved in what later became known as the Civil rights movement.
One of her last performances was at the United Nations in New York in 1966.
She also was considered never the same after the death of Montgomery Clift in 1966.
On June 18, 1971, Holman was found nearly dead in the front seat of her Rolls Royce by her household staff.
In 2001, a successful effort was made by local citizens to save her Connecticut estate, Treetops, from development.
It is bordered by Sierra Leone to its west, Guinea to its north and Ivory Coast to its east.
English is the official language but only 15% of Liberians speak English and over 20 indigenous languages are spoken.
The United States finally accepted and recognized Liberia's Independence on February 5, 1862.
Liberia is Africa's oldest democratic republic and the second oldest black republic in the world after Haiti.
The Liberian constitution and flag was modeled after the Constitution of the United States and the American flag.
Liberia was the only African nation on the African continent that was a colony and protectorate for the United States.
Liberia was a founding member of League of Nations, United Nations and the Organisation of African Unity.
In 1980 a military coup overthrew the True-Whig Party leadership, marking the beginning of political instability.
These resulted in the deaths of between 250,000 and 520,000 people and devastated Liberia's economy.
The Pepper Coast has been inhabited at least as far back as the 12th century and perhaps earlier.
The Dei, Bassa, Kru, Gola and Kissi were some of the earliest recorded arrivals.
Additionally, inland regions underwent desertification, and inhabitants were pressured to move to the wetter coast.
The ethnic Kru opposed the influx of Vai, forming an alliance with the Manes to stop further influx of Vai.
People along the coast built canoes and traded with other West Africans from Cap-Vert to the Gold Coast.
Between 1461 and late 17th century, Portuguese, Dutch and British traders had contacts and trading posts in the region.
By 1867, the ACS had assisted in the movement of more than 13,000 Americans to Liberia.
In 1877, the Americo-Liberian True Whig Party was the most powerful political power in the country.
Competition for office was usually contained within the party, whose nomination virtually ensured election.
For a period of time in the early 20th Century, Liberia became a U.S. protectorate.
It was a founding member of the United Nations in 1945 and became a vocal critic of the South African apartheid regime.
A peace deal between warring parties was reached in 1995 leading to Taylor's election as president in 1997.
The subsequent 2005 elections were internationally regarded as the most free and fair in Liberian history.
Liberia is situated in West Africa, bordering the North Atlantic Ocean to the country's southwest.
Cape Mount near the border with Sierra Leone receives the most precipitation in the nation.
The oldest counties are Grand Bassa and Montserrado, both founded in 1839 prior to Liberian independence.
Nimba is the largest of the counties in size at , while Montserrado is the smallest at .
Montserrado is also the most populous county with 1,144,806 residents as of the 2008 census.
The survey was conducted during the last civil war, and bushmeat consumption is now believed to be far higher.
Liberia is a global biodiversity hotspot – a significant reservoir of biodiversity that is under threat from humans.
Illegal logging has increased in Liberia since the end of the Second Civil War in 2003.
Since 2006 the international community has paid for all garbage collection and disposal in Monrovia via the World Bank.
The president serves as head of government, head of state and the commander-in-chief of the Armed Forces of Liberia.
The Senate is made up of two senators from each county for a total of 30 senators.
Senators serve nine-year terms and are elected at-large by a plurality of the popular vote.
The vice president serves as the President of the Senate, with a President pro tempore serving in their absence.
Members are nominated to the court by the president and are confirmed by the Senate, serving until the age of 70.
The judiciary is further divided into circuit and speciality courts, magistrate courts and justices of the peace.
The judicial system is a blend of common law, based on Anglo-American law, and customary law.
Today, over 20 political parties are registered in the country, based largely around personalities and ethnic groups.
The 2005 elections marked the first time that the president's party did not gain a majority of seats in the Legislature.
Liberia scored a 3.3 on a scale from 10 to 0 on the 2010 Corruption Perceptions Index.
This gave it a ranking 87th of 178 countries worldwide and 11th of 47 in Sub-Saharan Africa.
Founded as the Liberian Frontier Force in 1908, the military was retitled in 1956.
Liberia is one of the world's poorest countries, with a formal employment rate of 15%.
GDP per capita peaked in 1980 at US$496, when it was comparable to Egypt's .
Upon the end of the war in 2003, GDP growth began to accelerate, reaching 9.4% in 2007.
Liberia's external debt was estimated in 2006 at approximately $4.5 billion, 800% of GDP.
The country acted as a major trader in Sierra Leonian blood diamonds, exporting over US$300 million in diamonds in 1999.
The Firestone Tire and Rubber Company has operated the world's largest rubber plantation in Liberia since 1926.
There are six major newspapers in Liberia, and 45% of the population has a mobile phone service.
Much of Liberia's communications infrastructure was destroyed or plundered during the two civil wars .
Liberia's economic main links to the outside world come through Monrovia, via the port and airport in the capital.
At $0.54 per kWh, the electricity tariff in Liberia is among the highest in the world.
Total installed capacity in 2013 was 20 MW, a sharp decline from a peak of 191 MW in 1989.
In 2013, Liberia began importing power from neighboring Ivory Coast and Guinea through the West African Power Pool.
Liberia has begun exploration for offshore oil; unproven oil reserves may be in excess of one billion barrels.
Among the companies to have won licenses are Repsol, Chevron, Anadarko and Woodside Petroleum.
As revealed in the 2008 census, Monrovia is more than four times more populous than all the county capitals combined.
Prior to the 2008 census, the last census had been held in 1984 and listed the country's population as 2,101,628.
Muslims comprise 12.2% of the population, largely coming from the Mandingo and Vai ethnic groups.
Traditional indigenous religions are practiced by 0.5% of the population, while 1.5% subscribe to no religion.
Sunnis, Shias, Ahmadiyyas, Sufis, and non-denominational Muslims constitute the bulk of the Liberian Muslims.
The Constitution provides for freedom of religion, and the government generally respects this right.
The country's education sector is hampered by inadequate schools and supplies, as well as a lack of qualified teachers.
In 2009, Tubman University in Harper, Maryland County became the second public university in Liberia.
Since 2006, the government has also opened community colleges in Buchanan, Sanniquellie, and Voinjama.
Hospitals in Liberia include the John F. Kennedy Medical Center in Monrovia and several others.
With a fertility rate of 5.9 births per woman, the maternal mortality rate stood at 990 per 100,000 births in 2010.
A number of highly communicable diseases are widespread, including tuberculosis, diarrheal diseases and malaria.
Approximately 58.2% – 66% of women are estimated to have undergone female genital mutilation.
Liberia imports 90% of its rice, a staple food, and is extremely vulnerable to food shortages.
In 2008, only 17% of the population had access to adequate sanitation facilities.
Civil war ended in 2003 after destroying approximately 95% of the country's healthcare facilities.
In 2009, government expenditure on health care per capita was US$22, accounting for 10.6% of total GDP.
As of November 17, 2014, there were 2,812 confirmed deaths from the ongoing outbreak.
The incident was seen by officials as a disaster as it had the potential to accelerate the spread of the disease.
On May 9, 2015 Liberia was declared Ebola free after six weeks with no cases.
The settlers wore top hat and tails and modeled their homes on those of Southern slaveowners.
Liberia hosted National Fairs in 1857 and 1858 in which prizes were awarded for various needle arts.
Other ingredients include cassava, fish, bananas, citrus fruit, plantains, coconut, okra and sweet potatoes.
Heavy stews spiced with habanero and scotch bonnet chillies are popular and eaten with fufu.
Liberia also has a tradition of baking imported from the United States that is unique in West Africa.
The most popular sport in Liberia is association football, with George Weah the nation's most famous athlete.
The Liberia national football team has reached the Africa Cup of Nations twice, in 1996 and 2002.
In Liberia, the Samuel Kanyon Doe Sports Complex serves as a multi-purpose stadium and hosts sporting events.
Liberia is one of only three countries that have not officially adopted the International System of Units.
The Liberian government has begun transitioning away from use of imperial units to the metric system.
However, this change has been gradual, with government reports concurrently using both imperial and metric units.
With an area of almost , Libya is the fourth largest country in Africa, and is the 16th largest country in the world.
Libya was variously ruled by Persians, Egyptians and Greek-Egyptians before becoming a part of the Roman Empire.
Italian rule ended during the Second World War, during which Libya was an important area of warfare.
In 1969, a military coup overthrew King Idris I, beginning a period of brutal suppression of dissent.
Muammar Gaddafi remained in power until a civil war in 2011, in which the rebels were supported by NATO.
Libya gained independence in 1951 as the United Libyan Kingdom , changing its name to the Kingdom of Libya in 1963.
Following a coup d'état led by Muammar Gaddafi in 1969, the name of the state was changed to the Libyan Arab Republic .
The coastal plain of Libya was inhabited by Neolithic peoples from as early as 8000 BC.
The Afroasiatic ancestors of the Berber people are assumed to have spread into the area by the Late Bronze Age.
The earliest known name of such a tribe is that of the Garamantes, who were based in Germa.
In 630 BC, the Ancient Greeks colonized Eastern Libya and founded the city of Cyrene.
Within 200 years, four more important Greek cities were established in the area that became known as Cyrenaica.
Libya was linked to heterodox ideas such as Arianism and Donatism, and produced a pope, Victor I.
In 647 an army led by Abdullah ibn Saad took Tripoli from the Byzantines definitively.
The Berber tribes of the hinterland accepted Islam, however they resisted Arab political rule.
Zirid rule in Tripolitania was short-lived though, and already in 1001 the Berbers of the Banu Khazrun broke away.
Tripolitania remained under their control until 1146, when the region was overtaken by the Normans of Sicily.
It was not until 1159 that the Moroccan Almohad leader Abd al-Mu'min reconquered Tripoli from European rule.
His successor Turgut Reis was named the Bey of Tripoli and later Pasha of Tripoli in 1556.
Before 1958, agriculture was the country’s main source of revenue, making up about 30% of GDP.
Libya is not a WTO member, but negotiations for its accession started in 2004.
Many international oil companies returned to the country, including oil giants Shell and ExxonMobil.
Libya had long been a notoriously difficult country for Western tourists to visit due to stringent visa requirements.
In August 2011 it was estimated that it would take at least 10 years to rebuild Libya's infrastructure.
By October 2012, the economy had recovered from the 2011 conflict, with oil production returning to near normal levels.
Ninety percent of the people live in less than 10% of the area, primarily along the coast.
About 88% of the population is urban, mostly concentrated in the three largest cities, Tripoli, Benghazi and Misrata.
Libya has a population of about 6.5 million, 27.7% of whom are under the age of 15.
In 1984 the population was 3.6 million, an increase from the 1.54 million reported in 1964.
An unknown small number of Libyans still live in the desert as their families have done for centuries.
Most of the population has occupations in industry and services, and a small percentage is in agriculture.
According to the CIA, Libya's population as of 2014 mainly consists of Berbers and Arabs .
The remaining 3% of residents include Tunisians, Egyptians, Greeks, Maltese, Italians, Turks, Pakistanis and Indians.
Additionally, there are some Libyan ethnic minorities, such as the Berber-speaking Tuareg and the Tebou.
Various Berber languages are also spoken, including Tamasheq, Ghadamis, Nafusi, Suknah and Awjilah.
About 97% of the population in Libya are Muslims, most of whom belong to the Sunni branch.
Since the fall of Gaddafi, ultra-conservative strains of Islam have reasserted themselves in places.
Jihadist elements have also spread to Sirte and Benghazi, among other areas, as a result of the Second Libyan Civil War.
There are three Coptic Churches in Libya, one in Tripoli, one in Benghazi, and one in Misurata.
People have been arrested on suspicion of being Christian missionaries, as proselytising is illegal.
Libya was once the home of one of the oldest Jewish communities in the world, dating back to at least 300 BC.
In August 1942, Jews from Tripolitania were interned in a concentration camp at Sidi Azaz.
For many years there have been no public theaters, and only very few cinemas showing foreign films.
A large number of Libyan television stations are devoted to political review, Islamic topics and cultural phenomena.
The most common form of public transport between cities is the bus, though many people travel by automobile.
There are no railway services in Libya, but these are planned for construction in the near future .
Libyan cuisine is a vibrant fusion between the different Italian, Bedouin and traditional Arab culinary influences.
Pasta is the staple food in the Western side of Libya, whereas rice is generally the staple food in the east.
Asida is a sweet version of Bazeen, made from white flour and served with a mix of honey, ghee or butter.
Usban is animal tripe stitched and stuffed with rice and vegetables cooked in tomato based soup or steamed.
Shurba is a red tomato sauce-based soup, usually served with small grains of pasta.
There are four main ingredients of traditional Libyan food: olives , dates, grains and milk.
Grains are roasted, ground, sieved and used for making bread, cakes, soups and bazeen.
Libya's population includes 1.7 million students, over 270,000 of whom study at the tertiary level.
Basic education in Libya is free for all citizens, and is compulsory up to the secondary level.
In the 1975–76 academic year the number of university students was estimated to be 13,418.
Since 2007 some new private universities such as the Libyan International Medical University have been established.
In 1998 the budget allocation for education represented 38.2% of Libya's total national budget.
In 2010, spending on healthcare accounted for 3.88% of the country's GDP.
The life expectancy at birth was 74.95 years in 2011, or 72.44 years for males and 77.59 years for females. 
It is a constitutional monarchy with the rank of principality, headed by the Prince of Liechtenstein.
Liechtenstein is bordered by Switzerland to the west and south and Austria to the east and north.
Divided into 11 municipalities, its capital is Vaduz and its largest town is Schaan.
An alpine country, Liechtenstein is mainly mountainous, making it a winter sports destination.
The oldest traces of hominid existence in Liechtenstein date back to the Middle Paleolithic era.
In 259/60 Brigantium was destroyed by the Alemanni, a Germanic people who settled in the area in around 450.
This region was enfeoffed to the Counts of Hohenems prior to the creation of the Liechtenstein dynasty.
The Liechtensteins acquired land, predominantly in Moravia, Lower Austria, Silesia, and Styria.
It was on this date that Liechtenstein became a sovereign member state of the Holy Roman Empire.
Soon afterward, Liechtenstein joined the German Confederation , which was presided over by the Emperor of Austria.
Although Liechtenstein had no official Nazi party, a Nazi sympathy movement arose within its National Union party.
Franz Joseph II first moved to Liechtenstein in 1938, a few days after the annexation.
The expropriations included over of agricultural and forest land , and several family castles and palaces.
Liechtenstein gave asylum to about 500 soldiers of the First Russian National Army at the close of World War II.
They departed in a train to Vienna and nothing was ever heard of them again.
The Prince of Liechtenstein is the world's sixth wealthiest monarch with an estimated wealth of 5 billion USD.
Liechtenstein has a constitutional monarch as Head of State, and an elected parliament which enacts law.
A parliamentary system had been established, although the reigning Prince retained substantial political authority.
The reigning Prince is the head of state and represents Liechtenstein in its international relations .
The constitution stipulates that at least two members of the government be chosen from each of the two regions.
Parties must receive at least 8% of the national vote to win seats in parliament, i.e.
Parliament may also pass votes of no confidence in the entire government or individual members.
The State Court rules on the conformity of laws with the constitution and has five members elected by parliament.
On 1 July 1984, Liechtenstein became the last country in Europe to grant women the right to vote.
The referendum on women's suffrage, in which only men were allowed to participate, passed with 51.3% in favor.
A proposal to revoke the Prince's veto powers was rejected by 76% of voters in a 2012 referendum.
Despite its Alpine location, prevailing southerly winds make the climate of Liechtenstein comparatively mild.
New surveys using more accurate measurements of the country's borders in 2006 have set its area at , with borders of .
Liechtenstein participates in a customs union with Switzerland and employs the Swiss franc as national currency.
Liechtenstein has been a member of the European Economic Area and the European Union) since May 1995.
The government is working to harmonize its economic policies with those of an integrated Europe.
Currently, there is only one hospital in Liechtenstein, the Liechtensteinisches Landesspital in Vaduz.
Liechtenstein is a large producer of ceramics and is the largest producer of false teeth in the world.
Liechtenstein produces wheat, barley, corn, potatoes, dairy products, livestock, and wine.
When combined with the additional income tax imposed by the communes, the combined income tax rate is 17.82%.
An additional income tax of 4.3% is levied on all employees under the country's social security programme.
The basic tax rate on wealth is 0.06% per annum, and the combined total rate is 0.89%.
The tax ranges between 0.5% and 0.75% for spouses and children and 18% to 27% for non-related recipients.
Population-wise, Liechtenstein is the fourth smallest country of Europe, after Vatican City, San Marino, and Monaco.
Liechtensteiners have an average life expectancy at birth of 80.31 years, male: 76.86 years, female: 83.77 years .
The infant mortality rate is 4.64 deaths per 1,000 live births, according to recent estimates.
However, Swiss Standard German is understood and spoken by most people within the country.
According to a 2009 Pew Research Center report, Muslims constitute approximately 4.8% of the population.
The building by the Swiss architects Morger, Degelo, and Kerez is a landmark in Vaduz.
There is also a stamp museum, ski museum and a 500-year-old Rural Lifestyle Museum.
The Liechtenstein State Library is the library that has legal deposit for all books published in the country.
The most famous historical sites are Vaduz Castle, Gutenberg Castle, the Red House and the ruins of Schellenberg.
On the country's national holiday all subjects are invited to the castle of the head of state.
There is only one television channel in the country, the private channel 1FLTV created in 2008.
L-Radio, which was established in 2004, serves as Liechtenstein's radio station and is based in Triesen.
However, unlike virtually every other sovereign nation, Liechtenstein does not have its own ITU prefix.
With nine medals overall , Liechtenstein has won more Olympic medals per capita than any other nation.
Liechtenstein is also the home country of Stephanie Vogt, a professional women's tennis player.
Liechtenstein follows a policy of neutrality and is one of the few countries in the world that maintains no military.
The last soldier to serve under the colours of Liechtenstein died in 1939 at age 95.
 Lila Chester Lila Hayward Chester was born in Richmond, Virginia, and was educated at the University of California.
Early in 1912 Lila Chester moved to Thanhouser, for whom she played in many films through 1915.
Her stagework became so popular with the public that her parents had her educated with private tutors.
She is one of the few leading ladies of the silent screen whose popularity did not nosedive with the coming of sound.
Her first husband was actor James Kirkwood, Sr., whom she married in 1923.
Her second husband was broker Jack R. Peine and her third husband was broker John E. Murphy .
Born Lila Lee Wilkinson in Iola, Kansas, Leeds ran away from home as a teen.
While working as a hatcheck girl at Ciro's, she met and married actor, composer, singer and conductor Jack Little.
After Leeds was arrested, Stephen Crane fled to Europe rather than become entangled in scandal.
She eventually traveled back to Los Angeles in 1966 where she began studying religion and volunteered at local missions.
According to the Social Security Death Index, Lila W. Leeds died on September 15, 1999. 
 Lili Damita Lili Damita was a French-American actress and singer who appeared in 33 films between 1922 and 1937.
As a teenager, she was performing in popular music halls, eventually appearing in the Revue at the Casino de Paris.
DNA testing was conducted on remains found in Cambodia and turned over to the U.S. authorities there in March 2010.
However, the results, released 30 June 2010 by JPAC, showed the remains were not those of Sean Flynn.
Lili Damita died of Alzheimer's disease on 21 March 1994, in Palm Beach, Florida, aged 89.
She was interred in the Oakland Cemetery in Fort Dodge, Iowa, her husband's hometown. 
Born as Lillie Charlene Gentle, she later changed the spelling of her first name to Lili.
Mirojnick was born in New York City, to Ellen Mirojnick, a costume designer and actress , and Barry Carson.
Thereafter, she attended The Theatre School at DePaul University and the Piven Theatre Workshop.
Filming began at the end of October, and the movie was released on September 18, 2015.
In 2006, Taylor was honored with the Excellence in Acting Award at the Provincetown International Film Festival. 
Skala and her husband managed to escape from Austria and eventually settled in the United States.
She died in Bay Shore, New York, of natural causes at age 98.
She graduated from Laurel Hall School in North Hollywood, CA and attended Campbell Hall School.
She left there and had recently graduated from Notre Dame High School in Sherman Oaks, CA.
 Lillian Adams Lillian Adams was an American actress who appeared in over 100 film and television roles.
Hayman played Sadie Gray from 1968 until 1986, when her option was not picked up by then-executive producer Paul Rauch.
The role of Sadie was briefly played by Esther Rolle in 1971 when Hayman was temporarily unavailable.
On October 25, 1994, Hayman died of a heart attack at her home in Hollis, Queens, New York.
She was joined by Gaby Deslys, Lillian Shaw, Gertrude Bryan, and numerous stage and comedy artists of the era.
Herlein also appeared at the Palace Theater and Winter Garden Theater on Broadway and in Europe.
In her later years she was on radio and television and was a character actor in films.
Lillian Herlein died at French Hospital, 8th Avenue and West 30th Street, in 1971.


 Lillian Lee Lillian Lee was a stage actress in New York City beginning in the early 1880s.
Her first character of importance came when she replaced an ailing Rosa Rand in a play during the 1884 season.
Lee was engaged for the production as were Mattie Ferguson, Rose Eytinge, Harry Dalton, and others.
In 1907 the building was demolished and replaced by a Gimbels department store in 1909.
The stage of the theatre had been recently expanded to enable the staging of the most detailed productions.
Lee was one of the supporting players as were Lillian Blauvelt, Cecilia Loftus, and William Hodge.
The chorus was composed primarily of Anna Held singers, who had played the Broadway Theatre only a week earlier.
Dress rehearsals were first held in May 1906, with an audience of 1,000 invited guests.
She was signed in 1910 and starred in over 200 films before her retirement in 1940.
Leighton died in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles on March 19, 1956 at the age of 81. 
He sent his daughter to the Yiddish Art Theater, where Lux began performing when she was just seven years old.
By the age of 14, Lux was a chorus girl and involved in various Yiddish radio programs.
The move for the Burstein troupe to tackle serious theater was part orchestrated by Lux.
Her son, Mike Burstyn is an actor on Broadway, in Israeli theatre and the Yiddish theater.
Lux and her husband are buried in the Yiddish Theatrical Alliance section—Block 67—of Mount Hebron Cemetery.
This section is reserved for those who worked in New York Yiddish theater; the section is maintained by the Alliance. 
They remained married until his death in 1981, but apparently the union was childless.
Roth was born in Boston, Massachusetts, the daughter of Katie and Arthur Rutstein.
In her autobiography, she described being molested by the man who painted her as a statue.
One of the most exciting moments for her came when she met U.S. President Woodrow Wilson.
During production for the former show, she told management she was nineteen years of age.
She continued to make strides as a singer in an era when so much was being set to music.
In response to her honesty in relating her story of alcoholism, she received more than forty thousand letters.
Roth remained with the show for its full run of 301 performances and recorded the cast album for Columbia Records.
Prior to her marriages, she was engaged to David Lyons, who died of tuberculosis.
According to Roth, he left her penniless after withdrawing all funds from their joint bank account.
A successful concert at Town Hall was released as an album by AEI Records after her death.
One of her final appearances was in a well reviewed club act at the legendary NYC nightclub, Reno Sweeney.
She recorded four songs for the Coral label , which were followed by an LP for Epic and another for Tops.
She appeared at venues in Las Vegas and New York's Copacabana and was a popular attraction in Australia.

She was born in New York, New York and died in Los Angeles, California. 
Lillian Murphy was born on June 24, 1884 in Brooklyn, New York, the daughter of John B. Murphy and Katherine Stahler.
Lillian Murphy married Benjamin Platt Wiggins on May 3, 1905 in Brooklyn, New York.
She filed for divorce in Reno, Nevada in 1911, but did not obtain the divorce.
She married Erville Alderson, an American actor, on January 14, 1918 in Sydney, Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia.
In March 1914, Wiggins sailed for Europe to make films at Pathé's Paris studio.
After her marriage to Alderson in 1918, Wiggins took the stage name Lillian Worth.

She was awarded the Croix de Lorraine and the Légion d'honneur by the Government of France.
She first studied piano at the Paris Conservatory, winning the First Prize at the age of 15.
The Met needed a star coloratura after the retirement of Amelita Galli-Curci in January, 1930.
Pons was a principal soprano at the Met for thirty years, appearing 300 times in ten roles from 1931 until 1960.
She drew a record crowd of over 300,000 to Chicago's Grant Park Music Festival in 1939 for a free concert.
Her husband Andre Kostelanetz directed a band composed of American soldiers as accompaniment to her voice.
The pair performed at military bases in North Africa, Italy, the Middle East, the Persian Gulf, India and Burma in 1944.
In 1945, the tour continued through China, Belgium, France and Germany—a performance near the front lines.
The last major new role Pons performed was Violetta in Traviata, which she sang at the San Francisco Opera.
Her remains were brought back to her birthplace to be interred in the Cimetière du Grand Jas in Cannes.
A village in Frederick County, Maryland, 10 miles south of Frederick, Maryland is called Lilypons in her honor.
George Gershwin was in the process of writing a piece of music dedicated to her when he died in 1937.
Pons had received the pet, which she believed was a baby jaguar, from a friend in Brazil.
The pet and Pons were very attached to each other but it snarled at visitors and was deemed a hazard.
Rabe was born in 1982 in New York City, New York in the Upper West Side.
Her father is Catholic, her maternal grandfather was Jewish, and her maternal grandmother was Protestant.
Rabe was raised in Bedford and moved to Lakeville, Connecticut when she was in the seventh grade.
As a result of appearing in the plays, Rabe was able to get an Equity Card.
During a rehearsal, a piece of the set fell on Rabe, leaving her with a fractured rib.
Rabe played a plainclothes cop in the pilot, which was written by David Milch and directed by Carl Franklin.
In December it was reported that HBO had decided not to pick the pilot to series.
The production transferred to Broadway at the Broadhurst Theater where it ran from October 19 to February 20, 2011.
For her performance, Rabe was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play.
She was later cast in Season 2 as the role of nun, Sister Mary Eunice .
Rabe is one of only five actors to appear in all four seasons of the show.
It was directed by Sam Gold, and the cast included Alan Rickman, Jerry O'Connell, Hamish Linklater and Hettienne Park.
She played the role of Rosalind in the production that opened on June 11, 2012 and closed on June 30, 2012.
Tomlin began her career as a stand-up comedian, and performing Off-Broadway during the 1960s.
Tomlin's parents were Southern Baptists who moved to Detroit from Paducah, Kentucky, during the Great Depression.
She auditioned for a play, and it sparked her interest in a career in the theatre and she changed her major.
After college, Tomlin began doing stand-up comedy in nightclubs in Detroit and later in New York City.
Tomlin brought 'Edith Ann' to the forefront again in the 1990s with three animated prime-time television specials.
The album hit #15 on the Billboard Hot 200, becoming the highest-charting album ever by a solo comedienne.
The show won her a Tony Award, and was made into a feature film in 1991.
Tomlin revived the show for a run on Broadway in 2000 which then toured the country through mid-2002.
In 1989, she won the Sarah Siddons Award for her work in Chicago theatre.
The series plan was scrapped due to Kathryn's illness and both on screen death and real life death in 2012.
Grace and Frankie become reluctant friends after learning their husbands are leaving them to be with one another.
On December 31, 2013, Tomlin and Wagner married in a private ceremony in Los Angeles after 42 years together.
In March 2009, Tomlin received Fenway Health's Dr. Susan M. Love Award for her contributions to women's health.
In December 2014 she was one of five honorees for the annual Kennedy Center Honors.
She studied in Paris at the School of Cinema, and at the Jean Louis Barrault School, also in Paris.
Chauvin moved to New York City on her 21st birthday and became a US citizen.
Chauvin also attended the Berlitz school of Languages and took in American movies every day to improve her English.
As an author and educator she taught internationally at seminars as a keynote speaker, lecturer and adviser.
Chauvin wrote Hollywood Scams & Survival Tactics, in which she shared many of her own experiences and survival tactics.
Committed to furthering women's causes, especially in the industry, Chauvin was a 39 year member of Women in Film.
She served on the organization's Board five times, twice as the Board's Vice President.
By 1914 she was an experienced vaudevillian, appearing in Ziegfeld Follies between 1916 and 1918.
Her lesbian affairs in Hollywood were an open secret, and her wardrobe and lavish parties the talk of the town.
She died of cancer in New York City on March 21, 1934, at the age of 37.
In 1914, she married fellow-vaudevillian Al Lee, but the two separated in 1920 and divorced in 1921.
The show ran two years with Tashman understudying, and occasionally filling in, for star Ina Claire.
She freelanced, moving from studio to studio, but signed a long-term contract in 1931 with Paramount.
Tashman was a lesbian and had numerous backstage same-sex liaisons as a New York City chorine and actress.
In 1928, Tashman was introduced to Greta Garbo and began a relationship with her the same day.
By November 1932, Garbo's patience had worn thin and she ended the relationship, leaving Tashman devastated.
Her wardrobe cost $1,000,000 and women around the world clamored for copies of her hats, gowns, and jewelry.
When she entered the hospital for surgery on March 16, it was too late for the doctors to help her.
Tashman died, age 37, from cancer at Doctor's Hospital in New York City on March 21, 1934.
Talented as a dancer, she was paid as a girl for performing and gained her first film contract at age nine.
When her film career declined, she returned for a period to dancing and stage performances.
Later living in West Virginia, she also served as a judge for the American Kennel Club, and wrote a column.
An RCA Victor representative saw her dancing to a record in her father's store.
Baskette later blamed her father's death on her mother's ambition for fame and fortune.
Their daughter Marjorie Belcher, half-sister to Lina, was born in 1919 in Los Angeles, where the family was then living.
The girl gained notice from Russian prima ballerina Anna Pavlova, who wanted to mentor her in classical ballet.
Basquette did not want to marry him, as he was considerably older than she.
Her mother insisted that Basquette accept Warner's proposal, believing that the producer was wealthy .
After the marriage, Basquette grew to love and respect Warner; the couple had a daughter, Lita, in 1926.
She spent years battling Warner's family over money and custody of the couple's daughter.
In the film's climactic scene, DeMille insisted on realism while filming the reformatory going up in flames.
Basquette later recalled that she received a fan letter from Adolf Hitler saying that she was his favorite movie star.
She made a successful transition to sound films and appeared in some Western films in the 1930s.
She later claimed that Hitler made a pass at her, and she kicked him in the groin.
Basquette later testified that after she picked up the soldier, he forced her into the backseat and raped her.
Rimke denied the charges but was found guilty on August 26, 1943 and sentenced to life in prison.
Basquette went on to become the single biggest winner of Great Dane breed shows and was known as a noted dog breeder.
Her films were screened in Washington, DC at the National Gallery of Art and at the Silent Movie Theatre in Los Angeles.
She played a grandmother who dreamed God was coming to grant a wish to residents of an Appalachian trailer park.
Basquette's first marriage was to Sam Warner, film producer and co-founder of Warner Bros. studio.
The two were married on July 4, 1925, despite Warner's family's disapproval because Basquette was not Jewish.
Doctors discovered that he had developed a mastoid infection that was spreading to his brain.
He died of pneumonia caused by sinusitis and epidural and subdural abscesses on October 5, 1927.
He was concerned that she would raise Lita as a Roman Catholic like her, rather than in the Jewish faith.
Harry Warner and his wife offered Basquette large amounts of money to relinquish custody but she refused.
She finally relented after Harry Warner promised her that Lita would receive a $300,000 trust fund.
On March 30, 1930, Harry Warner and his wife were awarded legal custody of Lita.
In August 1930, Basquette left Marley as she tried to regain custody of Lita.
The Warner family filed several legal suits against her to win back Sam Warner's share of Warner Bros. studio.
On October 31, 1931, she married Theodore Hayes, the former trainer of world heavyweight boxing champion Jack Dempsey.
In her autobiography, Basquette said that, while she and Hayes were separated, she had an affair with Jack Dempsey.
Dempsey ended the affair in July 1932, after which Basquette attempted suicide a second time.
In 1947, she married Warner Gilmore, the general manager of the St. Moritz Hotel.
They married in 1959 and separated that same year, but they never bothered to get legally divorced.
On September 30, 1994, Basquette died of lymphoma at her home in Wheeling, West Virginia, at the age of 87.
She was survived by her half-sister Marge Champion, two children, grandchildren and great-grandchildren. 
Lina Esco was born in Miami, Florida in 1985 and lived there for 14 years.
From there she moved to France where she did some modeling, and then moved to London where she worked in theater.
There, she took her first film role, appearing as a supporting character in the romantic film London.
She then moved to New York to pursue acting and her career brought her to Los Angeles where she currently resides.
It was announced in February, 2011 that Esco would join the cast of Fox's new pilot “Exit Strategy”.
Esco was to play Mia, an MIT graduate and computer expert from South Boston.
Esco is most known for how involved she is in women's rights and the Free the Nipple campaign.
Blair was born in St. Louis, Missouri, and was raised in Westport, Connecticut.
Most of Kermode's linking scenes to camera were removed from the DVD version to shorten the running time.
The documentary was included as a bonus feature on the 2009 DVD release of the film.
In her senior year at Gallaudet University, she studied in a Summer School Program at the National Theater for the Deaf.
She performed as a member of the National Theater of the Deaf, founded in 1967.
Manzano and Bove worked in many other sketches together, both with and without dialogue - on-camera or voiceover.
The company dealt with communication among deaf people and the importance of teaching sign language to deaf children.
There, they were invited to come on a television show and later, their show was attended by the royal family.
The plays performed by this company were translated into sign language and adjusted accordingly in order to make sense.
This company uses speech along with signs in order to help bridge the gap between the deaf and hearing worlds.
Cardellini is of Italian , Irish, German, and English descent, and was raised Catholic.
She made her first public appearance at age 10, when she sang in a school play.
Carlson attended the University of Iowa, where she received a bachelor's degree in speech and dramatic arts.
She was married to actor-director Philip Charles MacKenzie, whom she met at Milwaukee, Wisconsin's, Repertory Theatre.
She went on to marry a former Marine Corps tank officer turned computer salesman, named Jim. 
Darnell was a model as a child, and progressed to theater and film acting as an adolescent.
She was the younger sister of Undeen and the older sister of Monte Maloya and Calvin Roy, Jr. .
Her parents were not happily married, and she grew up as a shy and reserved girl in a house of domestic turmoil.
Starting at an early age, her mother Pearl had big plans for Darnell in the entertainment industry.
She believed that Linda was her only child with potential as an actress and ignored the rearing of her other children.
According to her siblings, Darnell enjoyed the limelight and shared her mother's dream.
I had no great talent, and I didn't want to be a movie star particularly.
Despite some financial problems, Darnell insisted on having had a joyful childhood and loving parents.
Darnell was a model by the age of 11 and was acting on the stage by the age of 13.
She initially started modeling to save money for the household, and performed mostly in beauty contests.
The same year, she was hired as one of the hostesses at the Texas Centennial Exposition.
In November 1937, a talent scout for 20th Century Fox arrived in Dallas, looking for new faces.
Encouraged by her mother, Darnell met him, and after a few months he invited her for a screen test in Hollywood.
When 20th Century Fox offered her a part, Darnell wanted to accept, but RKO was unwilling to release her.
Loretta Young was originally assigned to play the role, but demanded a salary which the studio would not give her.
Although only 15 at the time, Darnell posed as a 17-year-old and was listed as 19 years old by the studio.
She was later replaced, because the studio felt her role was not important enough.
Her studio contract had been revised to allow Darnell to earn $200 a week.
In an interview she said: The studio was unable to find Darnell suitable roles.
Zanuck insisted that she take the role, but she was replaced by Ann Rutherford after twelve days of shooting.
By this time, Darnell had eloped, which caused Zanuck to be in even greater fury.
By late 1943, Darnell was fed up with critics only praising her beauty rather than her acting abilities.
In a later interview, Darnell commented: Released in 1944, the film provided her a new screen image as a pin-up girl.
Darnell replaced British actress Peggy Cummins in July 1946 at a cost of $350,000.
She was again put on a diet and was assigned to a voice coach to learn how to speak with an English accent.
This and the heavy dieting resulted in exhaustion and a serious illness in November 1946.
Her shooting schedule lasted until March 1947, and she collapsed on the set two times in the meanwhile.
Darnell was disappointed in the film's reception; it did not gain her the recognition she longed for.

She was raised in Orange County, California, and attended Loara Elementary, Ball Junior High and Loara High Schools .
She graduated with a BA in Theatre Arts from California State University, Fullerton in 1982.
She earned an MFA from the Professional Actor Training Program at the University of Washington, Seattle.
She appeared in the same play at the Mark Taper Forum, Los Angeles and at the Brooklyn Academy of Music in 2004.
She is also a voiceover actor, having narrated over 50 episodes of the Lifetime series Intimate Portraits.
She has studied photography since 1987 at the International Center of Photography in New York City.
Fiorentino was married to film director and writer, John Byrum, until their divorce in 1993.
which was filmed in the U.S., Paris, and on both sides of the Berlin Wall.
 Linda Gary Linda Gary was an American voice actress and voice-over artist who worked on multiple animated projects.
She married actor Charles Howerton on December 21, 1967 and had two daughters, Alexis and Dana.
Gary was also stepmother to Howerton's daughter from his previous marriage, Lynn Howerton.
She died on October 5, 1995 aged 50 of brain cancer, a month before her 51st birthday. 
In the 1970s, she appeared in numerous TV series before landing the role of Sue Ellen Ewing in 1978.
She grew up in Culver City, California, where her father Leslie, who was a watchmaker, had a shop.
The show, a spoof of the soap opera format, was cancelled after just 13 weeks.
Corruption and betrayal, lies, greed, affairs and scandal—all were just part of another day at the Southfork Ranch.
Gray was visiting Larry Hagman in the hospital during his last days before he died on November 23, 2012.
Hamilton went to Wicomico Junior High and Wicomico High School in Salisbury, with Leslie, her twin.
The movie, which made $14 million at the box office, was panned by critics.
The latter was a smash at the box office, grossing over $500 million, more than any other film of that year.
Hamilton underwent intense physical training to emphasize the character's transformation from the first film.
Her first marriage, from 1982 to 89, was to Bruce Abbott, who left her when she was pregnant with their son Dalton.
In 1991, she moved in with film director James Cameron following his divorce from Kathryn Bigelow.
She and Cameron married in 1997; but the marriage was short-lived, ending in a $50 million divorce settlement in 1999.

Hunt was born in Morristown, New Jersey, and raised in Westport, Connecticut.
Also a well known stage actress, Hunt has received two Obie awards and a Tony Award nomination for her theatre work.
Hunt has a rich, resonant voice, which she has used in numerous documentaries, cartoons, and commercials.
Hunt is a lesbian, and since 1987 has lived in Los Angeles with her wife Karen Klein, whom she married in 2008.
Kozlowski was born and raised in Fairfield, Connecticut, the daughter of Helen E. and Stanley M. Kozlowski.
Kozlowski graduated from the Juilliard School's drama division in 1981, where one of her classmates was Val Kilmer.
After acting as a child, Lavin joined the Compass Players in the late 1950s.
Her family was musically talented, and Lavin has been onstage since the age of five.
Upon her graduation from William and Mary, she had already received her Actors' Equity Association card.
In 1969, Lavin married actor Ron Leibman, and by 1973 the couple had arrived in Hollywood, California.
Lavin portrayed Alice Hyatt, a waitress and singer, the character that Burstyn had played.
The daughter gives Lavin's character her own segment, called Just a Thought, at the end of her program.
She was nominated for a Drama Desk Award and won an Obie Award and the Lucille Lortel Award.
In September 2012 Lavin announced that she intended to sell her home in Wilmington and return to New York City.
Lavin was inducted into the American Theatre Hall of Fame for 2010 in January 2011. 

Today, she is most commonly associated with Spanish language versions of Laurel and Hardy short subjects.
Loredo's fluency in Spanish was of great value in the making of these films.

Her father is half French and half Irish and met O'Neil's mother in Vietnam.
She has appeared as a bikini and fitness model in numerous hotrod and dirtbike calendars and magazines.
Linda still maintains her modeling career, but has become increasingly selective about the work she takes on.


In her later years, she had a second career as a college English professor for more than two decades.
She was one of the original winners of the Golden Boot Awards in 1983 for her contributions to western cinema.
She also appeared in a 1990 documentary on Republic Pictures, the studio where she did the bulk of her work.
Her husband, Sloan Nibley, who wrote many of her films, died the same year.
Stirling herself died of cancer in Studio City, Los Angeles, California in 1997. 
Born in Taipei, Taiwan, the island of Formosa, she was raised in Queens, New York.
Also known as Linda Wang, Linda H. Wang and 王憲苓 , Known as 王憲苓 in Asia, she has been profiled in Chinese media.
The Oscar award winning director Ang Lee told her she was just too young for the part.
She then went on to New York University, and studied at the Lee Strasberg Theatre Academy.
She was asked to come back but would only work under the condition that she received screen credit for her work.
Stars: Elle Fanning, Glenn Close, John Hawkes, Peter Dinklage, Lena Headey, Taryn Manning, Caleb Landry Jones and Flea.
Stars: Ray Liotta, Harry Shum, Jr., Justin Chon, Kevin Wu and Jin Auyeung.
Wang also appeared alongside Will Farrell & Chris Kattan as the three Nagano Geishas on Saturday Night Live.
For the past few years, you may seen a glimpse of Linda Wang's 3 min stand up comedy act at the M Bar on Sunset Blvd.
As a former Miss Teen Pola Asia, Linda Wang is the upcoming spokesmodel for Soho Sportswear for the Asian market.
 Linda Watkins Linda Watkins was an actress in theater, motion pictures, and television.
She was born Linda Mathews Watkins in Boston, Massachusetts, the daughter of Gardiner and Elizabeth R. Watkins.
At the age of sixteen Watkins' parents sent her to study at the Theatre Guild.
After six months she began to appear with the guild's summer repertory program in Scarborough, New York.
Instead of finishing her studies at the guild, she pursued a job at the office of Charles Hopkins.
Produced by the Fox Film Company, Watkins depicts Marilyn Parker, a naive wife caught up in a love triangle.
Directed for Fox by Kenneth MacKenna, the motion picture was adapted from a story by Gene Towne.
Watkins married film boards' lawyer, Gabriel L. Hess, at the Blackstone Hotel in Chicago, on January 28, 1932.
Hess was attorney for Will Hays and the Motion Picture Producers and Distributors of America.
He got his start in the movie business with Samuel Goldwyn and Samuel Goldwyn Films.
She was one of the first to send sympathy when Hawley was thrown from a horse and killed.
At age 17 she decided to become an actress and entered beauty pageants to gain attention.
Crouse was born in New York City, the daughter of Anna and Russel Crouse, a playwright.
Crouse's film career began in 1976, with small roles in television and theatrical movies.
She had a variety of roles since beginning acting in advertisements on local television at 3.
The show premiered on October 20, 2008, and Felton was eliminated in the final episode, finishing in 3rd place. 
She has a son, Lucas Giolito who was selected by the Washington Nationals as the number 16 pick in the 2012 MLB Draft. 
While I’ve been extremely lucky to play some amazing characters, I’ve watched the roles dry up.
Her father is Andy Parker, the drummer of the English heavy rock band, UFO. 
She remained on the show through its finale in May 2000, appearing in a total of 73 episodes.
Price and Stone became engaged in July 2012, and married on June 8, 2013 in Spain.
When I'm reading a script or if I'm preparing for a scene I really like to create the story in a visual sense.
I take myself out of the character completely and almost watch the character as a spectator, if that makes sense.
So I don't make it too personal so that she's her own person.
I almost look at it as a spectator as opposed to being right in it.
Beginning her career, she became a voice actress on audio books and anime series.
Sloane was born Lindsay Sloane Leikin on Long Island, New York, of Jewish heritage.
After moving to Los Angeles, Sloane signed with an agent at the age of eight.
Wagner was born in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of Marilyn Louise and William Nowels Wagner.
In 1971, she signed a contract with Universal Studios and worked as a contract player in various Universal productions.
In 2012, a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs, California, Walk of Stars was dedicated to her.
Prior to being married, Wagner lived with Captain Daniel M. Yoder , until he went to Vietnam.
Wagner had two sons with Kingi; Dorian and Alex , but the couple divorced in 1984.
Wagner then married TV producer Lawrence Mortorff in 1990, but they too divorced a couple of years later.
She and her mother were about to board, but she started feeling uneasy and decided not to. 
McKeon was born in Summit, New Jersey and raised in Los Angeles, California.
Shaw was the 2010 Azalea Queen at the Azalea Festival in Wilmington, North Carolina.
She temporarily returned on March 26, 2010 and March 29, 2010 as a ghost.
 Linnea Quigley Linnea Barbara Quigley is an American actress, film producer, model, singer and author.
Quigley was born on May 27, 1958 in Davenport, Iowa, the daughter of Dorothy and William Heath Quigley .
I didn't move my mouth, didn't sing in glee club or anything like that, didn't do any plays.
Shortly after graduating from high school in 1976, Quigley moved with her parents to Los Angeles, California.
She landed a job at Jack LaLanne's health spa where she would meet models who worked in films by doing work as extras.
She was given the role of Dolores after the original actress refused to do nude scenes.
In one of the scenes, Quigley played a waitress menaced by a truck driver.
Besides modeling and auditioning for films, Quigley also began auditioning for bands that would let her join in.
She first played guitar in an all-girl band, Mad Whistle, started by the singer and songwriter Lucrecia Sarita Russo.
 Lisa Ann Walter Lisa Ann Walter is an American actress, comedian, writer and film producer.
Her mother was of Italian descent and her father was from a family from Alsace, and had German ancestry.
Walter's father worked at NASA and indulged his own love of performing after-hours in local community theater.
Her parents, both native New Yorkers, divorced when Walter was in elementary school.
It was far from her usual role, as she played a very serious character in a drama.
Beginning in May 2011, Walter hosted a talk show on Los Angeles radio station KFI.
She has an older brother, Bob Kushell, who is a TV writer/producer and Internet talk show host.
On September 18, 2007, she gave birth to a son, Garrett Mitchell Arch.
Arch also flexed her comedy muscles with her celebrity impressions, of public figures like Paula Jones.
She also lampooned Hollywood stars like Farrah Fawcett, Demi Moore, Alyson Hannigan, Lori Loughlin and Hope Summers.

 Lisa Barbuscia Lisa Barbuscia , also known as Lisa B, is an American model, singer and actress.
Her father is of Italian and Irish descent, and her mother is Puerto Rican.
Barbuscia has walked the catwalks for designers such as Chanel, Valentino and Dolce & Gabbana.
She headed to the West Coast to hone her acting skills and studied method acting for a year.
The couple have three sons together, Orlando, born 2005, Noah, born 2007 and Gabriel, born 2010. 
 Lisa Blount Lisa Suzanne Blount was an American film and television actress, and Oscar-winning producer.
Blount was found dead in her Little Rock, Arkansas, home by her mother on October 27, 2010.
After high school, she headed off to Kailua, Hawaii, with a friend and worked as a waitress.
After she broke up with her boyfriend, Boyle decided to become a nude model.
Boyle worked as a booth babe for Eidos Interactive at the 1999 Electronic Entertainment Expo .
Brenner was born in Long Island, New York, the daughter of Gloria, a dental assistant, and Harry, a dentist.




Edelstein was born in Boston, Massachusetts, the daughter of Bonnie and Alvin Edelstein.
She moved to New York City at the age of 18 to study theatre at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts.
The play, performed at the La MaMa theatre in New York City, received many accolades.
Edelstein is a passionate supporter of Best Friends Animal Society, of which she is an Ambassador.
She posed for PETA in an ad promoting vegetarianism, a diet she has followed for most of her life.
In 1958, the family moved to Reading, Pennsylvania, where Eichhorn later attended Mt.
Eichhorn began college at the Queen’s University at Kingston, Ontario, taking a wide range of subjects.
She quickly realized that her passion was in drama and English, and they became her concentration.
Rickman encouraged her to audition for London’s Royal Academy of Dramatic Art , where she was accepted in 1975.
She convinced him she was British and he gave her a screen test and, subsequently, the part.
George Cukor came backstage after one performance and told her she was like Greta Garbo.
She returned to New York in 2000 to do a variety of theatre, television and teaching.
Eichhorn began teaching Acting and Directing in 1992 at the School of Visual Arts in New York.
Eichhorn met actor John Curless in 1976 when he substituted for her stage fighting instructor at RADA.
In 1990, Eichhorn met Edward M. Ferguson III, whom she lived with in New York and Los Angeles, until 2000.
Eichhorn met solicitor Richard Moxon when setting up her company, GiftHorse Productions, in 2003.
 Lisa Eilbacher Lisa Marie Eilbacher is an Saudi Arabian born, American television and motion picture actress.
Eilbacher was born in Dhahran, Saudi Arabia, the daughter of an American oil company executive.
Eilbacher worked steadily through the 1980s and 1990s, though in recent years her appearances have been few. 
After graduation she studied at the Circle in the Square Theatre School for a year, then began to audition.
They eventually broke up and she enrolled in the Circle in the Square two-year program.
She has been nominated for the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Featured Actress in a Play three times.
Emery did not seek a film or television career and did not think of career strategies.
Her family moved from Denver to Los Angeles, California, in the 1930s to be close to the developing film industry.
Her mother, actress Margaret Griffin, was determined that Gaye and her siblings make their careers in show business.
Gaye's sisters Judith and Debralee , and her brother Frank all entered the business as either cast or crew.
Frank Ferguson played Judge Roy Bean, justice of the peace in Langtry, Texas.
Pearson, as mail rider Jim Barnes, tries to help her find a suitable mate.
Gaye was married in 1955 to Bently C. Ware; the marriage ended with his death in 1977; they had one child.
Shortly after Gaye’s arrival in NYC, she was accepted into renowned acting coach Lee Strasberg’s Master Class.
She studied with him for a few years, being in the last class he taught the day he died.
After that, Lisa Gaye went to Los Angeles to study at the Beverly Hills Playhouse where she won a scholarship.
While in LA, Lisa opened the NOWORDS Studio in the penthouse of downtown’s skid row Alexandria Hotel.
It is this role that won her a “Best In B Award” for the USA Network.
She continued to work with Troma throughout her career on many of their projects and in their movies.
Lisa worked with many famous photographers and can be found in Gordon Park’s book “A Star For Noon”.
Goldstein was born on Long Island, New York and lived in London, England until the age of 4.
Afterwards, Goldstein went to Elon University where she received her BFA in Music Theatre in 2003.
Goldstein is currently married and lives in Florida with her husband sports coordinator; Brendan Kirsch.
On January 5, 2014, Goldstein and her husband announced via Twitter that the couple are expecting their first child.
On July 11, 2014 Goldstein gave birth to the couple's first child a boy who they named Flynn Robert Kirsch.
 Lisa Guerrero Lisa Guerrero is an American investigative journalist, actress, former sportscaster, host and model.
In 1997, she became a sports anchor on Los Angeles' KCBS-TV and later KTTV.
She said that she never would have taken the job if she had known that they would change their minds.
Guerrero occasionally writes a blog for the Los Angeles Times sports section and the Huffington Post.
In 2007, Lisa took on the role of executive producer, in addition to playing a lead role in the film.
Lisa posed for the celebrity cover of Playboy in January 2006, photographed by Antoine Verglas.
In 1991, she married musician Clint Black, with whom she has a daughter, Lily Pearl Black, born in 2001.
They have lived in Nashville, Tennessee since 2002 after living in Laurel Canyon, Los Angeles, California. 

 Lisa Kudrow Lisa Valerie Kudrow is an American actress, comedian, writer and producer.
She was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Reality-Program for the series in 2012.
She has an older sister, Helene Marla , and an older brother, Santa Monica neurologist David B. Kudrow .
Her paternal grandmother, Grunya Farberman, immigrated to Brooklyn, where her father grew up.
In 1979, at the age of 16, she underwent rhinoplasty to reduce the size of her nose.
Briefly, Kudrow joined with Conan O'Brien and director Tim Hillman in the short-lived improv troupe Unexpected Company.
On March 19, 2010, Kudrow’s search for her roots in eastern Europe was broadcast.
In July 2011, a reformatted, half-hour version of the show premiered on Showtime.
On May 27, 1995, Kudrow married Michel Stern, a French advertising executive.
They have one son, Julian Murray, who was born on May 7, 1998.
Lampanelli, one of three siblings, was born in Trumbull, Connecticut, to a middle-class family.
Three of her grandparents were of Italian descent, and the fourth of Polish ancestry.
Ethnic humor and racial minority insults, slurs, and stereotypes are a predominant part of Lampanelli's comedy routine.
Lampanelli refused to apologize for her treatment of other contestants and racist remarks about Hispanics.
Lampanelli married in 1991 and divorced soon after, though she and her former spouse remained friends.
In May 2014, she filed for divorce from Jimmy Cannizzaro after four years of marriage.
Lampanelli is a supporter of the lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender community.
On November 19, 2014, it was confirmed that LoCicero and her husband are expecting their second child, a girl, in May.
 Lisa Marie Lisa Marie Smith is an American model and actress, who uses simply Lisa Marie as her professional name.
Marie had a small role in the film, while Burton's new girlfriend Helena Bonham Carter was one of its lead actresses.

She is a founding member and lead singer of the Los Angeles-based alternative rock band Killola.
Lisa also starred in a web series, GirlTrash and a movie, GirlTrash: All Night Long Personal life.
Rieffel is married to Killola bassist Johnny Dunn, and they have a daughter, Jolee Rose, born December 2011.
They have hosted their own live radio show on Monday nights via her band's website since 2007. 
In August 2010, Kelly was arrested in North Carolina on a charge of driving under the influence.
In November 2010, she guilty and was fined and sentenced to 12 months of unsupervised probation.
After Vidal finished her elementary education, she auditioned and was accepted in the High School of Performing Arts.
When she graduated, Vidal went to work with La Familia Theater Company, alongside Raul Julia and Julia Roberts.

 Lisa Wilcox Lisa E. Wilcox is an American actress who has starred in film and television.
Wilcox's best known film role is in the 1988 hit horror film ' as Alice Johnson.
Wilcox is a nominee for the Streamy Awards 2010 with the FEARnet produced webseries Fear Clinic.
2015 starred as Joan Laurels, in Dom Frank's Horror thriller film The Church and his sequel The Church: Second Offering.
During Wilhoit's spare time, she rides horses and competes on the show circuit.
In 2006, the Songwriters Hall of Fame recognized her as one of their new songwriters of the year.
Falk is also a former child model who worked at the Ford Modeling Agency with a young Brooke Shields.
It is continental Europe's westernmost capital city and the only one along the Atlantic coast.
Lisbon lies in the western Iberian Peninsula on the Atlantic Ocean and the River Tagus.
The Lisbon region contributes with a higher GDP PPP per capita than any other region in Portugal.
Most of the headquarters of multinationals in the country are located in the Lisbon area.
It is also the political centre of the country, as seat of Government and residence of the Head of State.
Ruled by a series of Germanic tribes from the 5th century, it was captured by the Moors in the 8th century.
Another conjecture suggests that the settlement took the name of the pre-Roman word for the Tagus .
Lusitanian raids and rebellions during Roman occupation necessitated the construction of a wall around the settlement.
Among the majority of Latin speakers lived a large minority of Greek traders and slaves.
Around 80 BC, the Roman Quintus Sertorius led a rebellion against the dictator Sulla.
Olissipo, like most great cities in the Western Empire, was a centre for the dissemination of Christianity.
By the time of the Fall of Rome, Olissipo had become a notable Christian centre.
The city, with around 154,000 residents at the time, was returned to Christian rule.
With its central location, Lisbon became the capital city of the new Portuguese territory in 1255.
In 1384, the city was besieged by King Juan I of Castille, as a part of the ongoing 1383–1385 Crisis.
The result of the siege was a victory for the Portuguese led by Nuno Álvares Pereira.
A description of Lisbon in the 16th century was written by Damião de Góis and published in 1554.
Among several important buildings of the city, the Ribeira Palace and the Hospital Real de Todos os Santos were lost.
In coastal areas, such as Peniche, situated about north of Lisbon, many people were killed by the following tsunami.
During the 19th century, the Liberal movement introduced new changes into the urban landscape.
Today there are two public universities in the city , a public university institute and a polytechnic institute .
The inauguration of the bridge over the Tagus allowed rapid connection between both sides of the river.
In 1988, a fire in the historical district of Chiado saw the destruction of many 18th century Pombaline style buildings.
A series of restoration works has brought the area back to its former self and made it a high-scale shopping district.
In October 2007 Lisbon hosted the 2007 EU Summit, where agreement was reached regarding a new EU governance model.
The resulting Treaty of Lisbon was signed on 13 December 2007 and came into force on 1 December 2009.
Every two years, Lisbon hosts the Rock in Rio Lisboa Music Festival, one of the largest in the world.
December, January and February are the coldest months, with an average temperature of during the day and at night.
In the 16th century, there was a brook there which the nobles used to promenade in their boats.
During the late 19th century, Alcântara became a popular industrial area, with lots of small factories and warehouses.
In the early 1990s, Alcântara began to attract youth because of the number of pubs and discothèques.
The oldest district of Lisbon, it spreads down the southern slope from the Castle of São Jorge to the River Tagus.
Fado, the typically Portuguese style of melancholy music, is common in the restaurants of the district.
As a result, the Pombaline Baixa is one of the first examples of earthquake-resistant construction.
Belém is famous as the place from which many of the great Portuguese explorers set off on their voyages of discovery.
Perhaps Belém's most famous feature is its tower, Torre de Belém, whose image is much used by Lisbon's tourist board.
The tower was built as a fortified lighthouse late in the reign of Dom Manuel l to guard the entrance to the port.
It stood on a little island in right side of the Tagus, surrounded by water.
Belém's most notable modern feature is the Padrão dos Descobrimentos built for the Portuguese World Fair in 1940.
Locals as well as tourists visit the Chiado to buy books, clothing and pottery as well as to have a cup of coffee.
The Chiado is also an important cultural area, with several museums and theatres, including the opera.
Several buildings of the Chiado were destroyed in a fire in 1988, an event that deeply shocked the country.
The style is similar to that of the Mafra National Palace, late baroque and neoclassical.
The façade has twin bell towers and includes statues of saints and some allegorical figures.
A long lasting legacy of the same, the area has become another commercial and higher end residential area for the city.
Its glass and steel columns are inspired by Gothic architecture, lending the whole structure a visual fascination .
Across the street, through Vasco da Gama Mall, is Parque das Nações , site of the 1998 World Expo.
Lisbon has 552,700 inhabitants within the administrative center on the area of only 100.05 km².
The Lisbon Metropolitan Area is heavily industrialized, especially the south bank of the Tagus river .
The Lisbon metropolitan area had a GDP amounting to $96.3 billion, and $32,434 per capita.
Bus, funicular and tram services have been supplied by the Companhia de Carris de Ferro de Lisboa , for over a century.
The major railway stations are Santa Apolónia, Rossio, Gare do Oriente, Entrecampos, and Cais do Sodré.
Lisbon is connected to its suburbs as well as throughout Portugal by an extensive motorway network.
There are three circular motorways around the city; the 2ª Circular, the CRIL, and the CREL.
The city has several private and public secondary schools, primary schools as well as Kindergartens.
Lisbon has two sites listed by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site: Belém Tower and Jerónimos Monastery.
Furthermore, in 1994, Lisbon was the European Capital of Culture and in 1998 organised the Expo '98 .
Lisbon has been home to Rock in Rio Lisboa, one of the world's largest pop-rock festivals.
In addition, the mosaic Portuguese pavement was born in Lisbon, in the mid-1800s.
It hosted several matches, including the final, of the UEFA Euro 2004 championship.
The city hosts three association football clubs in Portugal's highest league, the Primeira Liga.
Os Belenenses , based in the Belém quarter, has solely won one league title.
There are many other sport facilities in Lisbon, ranging from athletics to sailing to golf to mountain-biking.
Every March the city hosts the Lisbon Half Marathon, while in September the Portugal Half Marathon.
There is also Belenenses' Estádio do Restelo, with a capacity of over 30,000.
Lisbon has additional cooperation agreements with the following cities: Union of Ibero-American Capital Cities.


 Lise Simms Elisabeth Caroline Simms, credited as Lise Simms, is an American actress, singer, designer and dancer.
Her brother, Tom Simms, is a Spanish and Language Arts teacher at Pueblo Centennial High School.
Simms had a guest spot on the February 3, 2009 episode of 90210 as Ty's mother, Louise Collins.
March was born in St. Louis, Missouri and played in stock there prior to going to New York, New York.
This was an 18th-century comedy which opened in June 1953 at the Theatre de Lys.
The setting for this one was a St. Louis living room in the years 1921 and 1922.
Countries fall into three broad categories based on their HDI: high, medium, and low human development.
The following is a list of African countries by Human Development Index for the year 2013, published in 2014: 



 List of American film actresses This is an alphabetical list of notable American film actresses.


Upon the death, resignation, or removal from office of an incumbent President, the Vice President assumes the office.
The list does not include any Acting Presidents under the Twenty-fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution.
George Washington, the first president, was inaugurated in 1789 after a unanimous vote of the Electoral College.
The most recent death of a former president was that of Gerald Ford on December 26, 2006, aged 93.
Egypt, although extending into Asia through the Sinai Peninsula, is considered an African state.
This list contains territories that are administered as incorporated parts of a primarily non-African state. 
Lithuania has an estimated population of 2.9 million people as of 2015, and its capital and largest city is Vilnius.
For centuries, the southeastern shores of the Baltic Sea were inhabited by various Baltic tribes.
Starting in 1940, Lithuania was occupied first by the Soviet Union and then by Nazi Germany.
As World War II neared its end in 1944 and the Germans retreated, the Soviet Union reoccupied Lithuania.
Lithuania is a member of the European Union, the Council of Europe, a full member of the Schengen Agreement and NATO.
It is also a member of the Nordic Investment Bank, and part of Nordic-Baltic cooperation of Northern European countries.
On 1 January 2015, Lithuania adopted the euro as the official currency and became the 19th member of the Eurozone.
The first people settled in the territory of Lithuania after the last glacial period in the 10th millennium BC.
In 1385, the Grand Duke Jogaila accepted Poland's offer to become its king.
Jogaila embarked on gradual Christianization of Lithuania and established a personal union between Poland and Lithuania.
After two civil wars, Vytautas the Great became the Grand Duke of Lithuania in 1392.
Eventually Polonization affected all aspects of Lithuanian life: politics, language, culture, and national identity.
During the Northern Wars , the Lithuanian territory and economy were devastated by the Swedish army.
The war, a plague, and a famine caused the deaths of approximately 40% of the country's population.
Foreign powers, especially Russia, became dominant in the domestic politics of the Commonwealth.
After unsuccessful uprisings in 1831 and 1863, the Tsarist authorities implemented a number of Russification policies.
The Russification failed owing to an extensive network of book smugglers and secret Lithuanian home schooling.
A Lithuanian National Revival laid the foundations of the modern Lithuanian nation and independent Lithuania.
The Soviet Union returned Vilnius to Lithuania after the Soviet invasion of Eastern Poland in September 1939.
The occupation was followed by mass arrests and deportations with Lithuania having 34,000 citizens removed.
According to a Lithuanian government official, this was the start of a planned removal of 700,000 from Lithuania.
A year later the Soviet Union was attacked by Nazi Germany, leading to the Nazi occupation of Lithuania.
After the retreat of the German armed forces, the Soviets re-established the annexation of Lithuania in 1944.
Most German residents of the area had fled in the final months of World War II.
From 1944 to 1952 approximately 100,000 Lithuanian partisans fought a guerrilla war against the Soviet system.
On 4 February 1991, Iceland became the first country to recognise Lithuania's independence.
The last Soviet troops left Lithuania on 31 August 1993 – even earlier than they departed from East Germany.
Lithuania, seeking closer ties with the West, applied for NATO membership in 1994.
The country lies between latitudes 53° and 57° N, and mostly between longitudes 21° and 27° E .
The main and largest river, the Nemunas River, and some of its tributaries carry international shipping.
The method used for calculating this point was that of the centre of gravity of the geometrical figure of Europe.
This point is located in Lithuania, specifically north of its capital city, Vilnius.
The average annual precipitation is on the coast, in the Samogitia highlands and in the eastern part of the country.
The growing season lasts 202 days in the western part of the country and 169 days in the eastern part.
Severe storms are rare in the eastern part of Lithuania but common in the coastal areas.
An early 20th century warming culminated in the 1930s, followed by a smaller cooling that lasted until the 1960s.
The country suffered along with the rest of Northwestern Europe during a heat wave in the summer of 2006.
The post of president is quite ceremonial; main policy functions include foreign affairs and national security.
The unicameral Lithuanian parliament, the Seimas, has 141 members who are elected to four-year terms.
A party must receive at least 5% of the national vote to be eligible for any of the 70 national seats in the Seimas.
Elderships, numbering over 500, are the smallest units and do not play a role in national politics.
In 2011, Lithuania hosted the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe Ministerial Council Meeting.
Lithuania also cooperates with Nordic and the two other Baltic countries through NB8 cooperation format.
One of its most important functions is to discover new trends and new possibilities for joint cooperation.
During the second half of 2013, Lithuania held the rotating Presidency of the Council of the European Union.
In 2013, Lithuania was elected to United Nations Security Council for a two-year term.
Directly subordinated to the Chief of Defence are the Special Operations Forces and Military Police.
The Lithuanian Armed Forces consist of some 15,000 active personnel, which may be supported by reserve forces.
Since then, fighter jets of NATO members are deployed in Zokniai airport and provide safety for the Baltic airspace.
1st Lt. Normundas Valteris fell in Bosnia, as his patrol vehicle drove over a mine.
The defence ministry is responsible for combat forces, search and rescue, and intelligence operations.
Lithuanian GDP experienced very high real growth rates in the decade before 2009, peaking at 11.1% in 2007.
However, 2009 marked a dramatic decline in GDP at −14.9% attributed to overheating of the economy.
The unemployment rate was 9.1% in the third quarter of 2014, down from 17.8% in 2010.
According to Eurostat, the personal income tax and corporate tax rates in Lithuania are among the lowest in the EU.
According to Eurostat data, Lithuanian GDP per capita stood at 74% of the EU average in 2013.
In 2011, Western Union officially opened their new European Regional Operating Centre in Vilnius.
Lithuanian banking sector is dominated by the Scandinavian banks: Swedbank, SEB, Nordea, Danske Bank, DNB ASA.
The government offers special incentives for investments into the high-technology sectors and high value-added products.
The litas was the national currency until 2015, when it was replaced by the euro at the rate of EUR 1.00 = LTL 3.45280.
The high speeds are largely due to the fact that Lithuania has the EU's and Europe's most available FTTH network.
31% of these households are subscribers to this network at the time of publishing.
Lithuania has thus Europe's most available fibre network and also has the highest FTTH penetration.
One of the most used is the European route E67 highway running from Warsaw to Tallinn, via Kaunas and Riga.
The first and only still operating in the Baltic states Kaunas Railway Tunnel was completed in 1860.
Lithuanian Railways' main network consists of of broad gauge railway of which are electrified.
The remaining unit, as of 2006, supplied about 70% of Lithuania's electrical demand.
The age at first marriage in 2011 was 26.6 years for women and 29 years for men.
They constitute sizeable minorities in Vilnius and Klaipėda , and a majority in the town of Visaginas .
According to the Eurobarometer survey conducted in 2012, 80% of Lithuanians can speak Russian and 38% can speak English.
Schools where Russian or Polish are the primary languages of education exist in the areas populated by these minorities.
By the early 21st century, about two-thirds of the total population lived in urban areas.
The largest city is Vilnius, followed by Kaunas, Klaipėda, Šiauliai, and Panevėžys.
As per the 2011 census, 77.2% of Lithuanians belonged to the Roman Catholic Church.
The Church has been the majority denomination since the Christianisation of Lithuania at the end of the 14th century.
Believers and clergy suffered greatly during the Soviet occupation, with many killed, tortured or deported to Siberia.
4.1% are Orthodox , 0.8% are Protestant and 6.1% have no religion.
Prior to the war, the Jewish population, outside of the Vilnius region , numbered about 160,000.
The Ministry of Education and Science of the Republic of Lithuania proposes national educational policies and goals.
County administrators, municipal administrators, and school founders are responsible for implementing these policies.
By constitutional mandate, ten years of formal enrollment in an educational institution is mandatory, ending at age 16.
Primary and secondary schools receive funding from the state via their municipal or county administrations.
Vilnius University is one of the oldest universities in Northern Europe and the largest university in Lithuania.
There are about 2.96 million native Lithuanian speakers in Lithuania and about 0.2 million abroad.
Lithuanian is a Baltic language, closely related to Latvian, although they are not mutually intelligible.
There is a great deal of Lithuanian literature written in Latin, the main scholarly language of the Middle Ages.
The edicts of the Lithuanian King Mindaugas is the prime example of the literature of this kind.
Lithuanian literary works in the Lithuanian language started being first published in the 16th century.
In the 16th and 17th centuries, as in the whole Christian Europe, Lithuanian literature was primarily religious.
This movement is thought to be the very reason the Lithuanian language and literature survived until today.
The Lithuanian Art Museum was founded in 1933 and is the largest museum of art conservation and display in Lithuania.
Among other important museums is the Palanga Amber Museum, where amber pieces comprise a major part of the collection.
Lithuanian folk music belongs to Baltic music branch which is connected with neolithic corded ware culture.
Two instrument cultures meet in the areas inhabited by Lithuanians: stringed and wind instrument cultures.
Lithuanian folk music is archaic, mostly used for ritual purposes, containing elements of paganism faith.
Folk song genres: Sutartinės, Wedding Songs, War-Historical Time Songs, Calendar Cycle and Ritual Songs and Work Songs.
Vytautas Miškinis is a professor, composer and choir director of the famous Lithuanian boys' choir Ąžuoliukas.
Vilnius is the only city with three choirs laureates at the European Grand Prix for Choral Singing.
Because of their common heritage, Lithuanians, Poles, and Ashkenazi Jews share many dishes and beverages.
Namely, similar versions of: dumplings , doughnuts spurgos or , and blynai crepes .
The most exotic of all the influences is Eastern cuisine, and the dishes kibinai and čeburekai are popular in Lithuania.
The historic Lithuanian basketball team Kauno Žalgiris won the European basketball league Euroleague in 1999.
She is the daughter of Aerosmith's lead singer, Steven Tyler, and model Bebe Buell.
Tyler began a career in modeling at the age of 14 but, after less than a year, she decided to focus on acting.
Tyler was born Liv Rundgren at Mount Sinai Hospital in East Harlem, New York.
She is of Italian, German, Polish, and English ancestry on her father's side and German ancestry on her mother's side.
Tyler has three half-siblings: Mia Tyler , Chelsea Anna Tallarico , and Taj Monroe Tallarico .
From 1972 to 1979, Liv’s mother Bebe Buell lived with rock musician Todd Rundgren.
At age eight Liv met Steven Tyler and noticed a resemblance she shared with his other daughter, Mia.
Since learning the truth about her paternity, Liv and Steven have developed a close relationship.
The film received generally mixed reviews, but Tyler's performance was regarded favorably by the critics.
But at one point, after a take, I just started to cry and cry.
The film generated mixed reviews, but was a box office success earning $553 million worldwide.
Maybe it's not hard for anybody else, but it is a bit for me.
A year later, Tyler again starred as Arwen in ', the second installment of the series.
In 2003, Tyler featured in the third and last installment of the series, '.
Tyler was attracted to the love story in the script, and was a fan of the television show.
She and Langdon became engaged in February 2001, and married in Barbados on March 25, 2003.
On December 14, 2004, she gave birth to a son, Milo William Langdon.
On May 8, 2008, the couple confirmed through representatives that they would be separating but remain friends.
On February 11, 2015 Tyler had her second son, Sailor Gene Gardner, who was born six weeks early.
In November 2004, she hosted the lighting of the UNICEF Snowflake in New York City.
On December 8, 2011, Givenchy announced a collaboration between Givenchy perfumes and Sony Music.
She is married to Akiva Schaffer, who she met when they were both writing for the 2005 MTV Movie Awards. 
In October 2008 Goldwyn curated a documentary program for the Los Angeles County Museum of Art .
Her siblings, older sister Katey Sagal, brother Joe Sagal, are all notable in the industry.
Sheridan began her career as a dancer working in New York City in nightclubs and musicals.
The film stirred up some controversy due to its octogenarian sex scene between Griffith and Sheridan.



Her father is a professor of theatre at Smith College, and her mother is a singer-songwriter.
Weil was a self-avowed average student in high school who focused more on her budding acting career than her studies.
In addition to stage and radio, she appeared on television from the late 1940s to early 1970s.
Reference works and biographies have given conflicting accounts of the ethnic origins of her parents.
On John Matzo's WWI registration card, he reports that he was born in Czechoslovakia.
Her family lived in the Pine Brook section of Scranton, where John Matzo owned Matzo Market.
As a result, she lost the Northeast Pennsylvania English spoken in the Scranton area.
Scott herself attributed the tone of her voice to heredity, as a younger sister had a similarly deep voice.
During Christmas season, she took part in pageants at the local Catholic church her family attended.
She transferred to Scranton's Central High School, where she performed in several plays.
There she studied for 18 months, resisting attempts by teachers to pitch her voice higher.
She was assigned to one of three road companies, Scott's being led by Billy House and Eddie Garr.
The tour opened November 3, 1940 at the Shubert Theatre in New Haven, Connecticut.
She did blackouts and other types of sketch comedy during her 18-month tour of 63 cities across the US.
Michael Myerberg had just moved an experimental production from New Haven, Connecticut, to the Plymouth Theatre.
Impressed by Scott's Sadie Thompson, he hired her as the understudy for Tallulah Bankhead despite Bankhead's protests.
Broadway legend had it that Bankhead was being victimized by Scott, who was supposedly the real-life Eve Harrington.
While Greer's beauty was toned down for the film, Scott's was not.
As a result, critics were generally unconvinced that the leading man would choose the dowdy Diane over Joan.
Most critics thought that Scott and Greer were miscast, and should have switched roles.
Originally Burt Lancaster was cast as the leading man, but he refused to work with Scott again.
In a May interview, Scott said she was reading the entire oeuvre of Aldous Huxley.
Yet, conversely, Scott was a friend and reader of Ayn Rand, an Aristotelian atheist.
Scott injured her knee during a stunt in which she jumped off a 12-foot ledge, on her fourth try.
While Irene Hayes was thought to be modeled on the smoky-voiced Hill, Scott denied the rumor.
Hal Wallis and Scott, by allowing Henreid to be the leading man, were among the first to break the Hollywood blacklist.
As a former member of the Committee for the First Amendment, Henreid was forced to seek work in Europe.
Scott played an heiress who inherits a haunted castle on Lost Island off the coast of Cuba.
Though Scott had fond memories of working on the set in the years ahead, at the time of filming she found it trying.
In April 1953, the 30-year-old Scott made her last film as a Paramount contractee.
Patricia Neal was originally cast as Helen, but when Scott replaced Neal, Lancaster had to be replaced by Heston.
Scott is a would-be bride whose groom, Dan Ballard , is the target of a lynch mob on their Fourth of July wedding day.
Though she left for London immediately after the festival, her visit to France had unforeseen consequences.
I told him how hard everyone worked to make such a beautiful movie, and I couldn't understand how he could be so cruel.
During the Golden Age of Radio, Scott reprised her film roles in abridged radio versions.
Rushmore was briefly director of research for the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations under McCarthy.
Two female adults, one male adult and a 17-year-old female were arrested on prostitution charges.
When Harrison refused, Rushmore quit and flew to Los Angeles to meet with Scott's attorney, Jerry Giesler.
It eventually involved over 200 actors, most of whom fled California to avoid defense subpoenas.
However, a mistrial was declared on October 1, 1957, when the jury could not agree on a verdict.
In the wake of the sensational 1957 trial, Scott was forgotten by the media.
In addition, the rise of television and the breakup of the studio system further curtailed film production.
By February 1953, her stage fright was such that she even hid from friends.
But instead of reinventing herself as Bacall did, returning to Broadway, Scott chose another path.
The scene had to be reshot with the other side of his face to the camera.
Undaunted by Paramount's refusal to let her singing be heard, Scott signed a recording contract with Vik Records .
Scott recorded her album with Henri René and his orchestra in Hollywood on October 28, 29 and 30, 1957.
, she camps it up as the ungrieving widow of a celebrity big game hunter.
But much of her private time was dedicated to classes at the University of Southern California.
Dugger planned to make a film in Rome starring Scott, but he suddenly died on August 8, 1969.
Previous to Dugger, several books claimed Scott was a mistress of Hal Wallis, then married to actress Louise Fazenda.
After shooting was completed, Scott walked away from film acting to try her hand at singing.
After Louise's death in 1962, Wallis went into a depression and became a recluse before marrying Martha Hyer in 1966.
Even during his second marriage, Wallis continued to screen Scott's films at home, night after night.
She appeared on stage at an American Film Institute tribute to Wallis in 1987 and fondly recalled her time with him.
In 2003, film historian Bernard F. Dick interviewed Scott for his biography of Wallis.
Scott died of congestive heart failure at the age of 92 on January 31, 2015.
She is the daughter of Robert J. Mackay, a salesman, and Alice , a dancer.
Nicknamed Liz, Mackay is a graduate of Adelphi University and the Yale Graduate School of Drama.
Mackay made her stage debut at the American Shakespeare Festival, Stratford, Connecticut, in 1970.
Experiences which awakened her entrepreneurial curiosity and equipped her on creating her own record label later on.
In 2005, Lizé started her own entertainment management company, Rocstar, Inc., along with her sisters.
At that time they managed the careers of celebrity make-up artists, video directors, stylists and up and coming artists.
Their record collection included music from artists such as The Beatles, Blondie to Juan Luis Guerra.
She also likes to give her input in the direction of her music videos and photography themes.
For most scholars, the problem has been in how to connect the Slovene and the German names.
He supported the thesis that the name of the river derived from the name of the settlement.
This monster has become the dragon that today is present in the city coat of arms and flag.
In the legend of Saint George, the dragon represents the old ancestral paganism overcome by Christianity.
To get around the marshes, they used dugout canoes made by cutting out the inside of tree trunks.
Around 50 BC, the Romans built a military encampment that later became a permanent settlement called Iulia Aemona.
In 452, it was destroyed by the Huns under Attila's orders, and later by the Ostrogoths and the Lombards.
Its plastered brick houses, painted in different colors, were already connected to a drainage system.
In the 9th century, they fell under Frankish domination, while experiencing frequent Magyar raids.
The Teutonic Knights, the Conventual Franciscans, and the Franciscans settled in the town.
In 1278, after Ottokar's defeat, it became—together with the rest of Carniola—property of Rudolph of Habsburg.
It was administered by the Counts of Gorizia from 1279 until 1335, when it became the capital town of Carniola.
In the 15th century, Ljubljana became recognized for its art, particularly painting and sculpture.
After an earthquake in 1511, the city was rebuilt in the Renaissance style and a new wall was built around it.
In 1597, Jesuits arrived in the city, followed in 1606 by the Capuchins, to eradicate Protestantism.
In 1779, St. Christopher's Cemetery replaced the cemetery at St. Peter's Church as the main Ljubljana cemetery.
From 1809 to 1813, during the Napoleonic interlude, Ljubljana was the capital of the Illyrian Provinces.
In 1821, it hosted the Congress of Laibach, which fixed European political borders for years to come.
The first train arrived in 1849 from Vienna and in 1857 the line was extended to Trieste.
During the reconstruction that followed, a number of districts were rebuilt in the Vienna Secession style.
The rebuilding and quick modernization of the city were led by the mayor Ivan Hribar.
In 1929, Ljubljana became the capital of the Drava Banovina, a Yugoslav province.
Since 1985, a commemorative trail has ringed the city where this iron fence once stood.
After World War II, Ljubljana became the capital of the Socialist Republic of Slovenia, part of Communist Yugoslavia.
Ljubljana remains the capital of independent Slovenia, which joined the European Union in 2004.
The city, with an area of , is situated in the Ljubljana Basin in Central Slovenia, between the Alps and the Karst.
Ljubljana has an elevation of The city center, located along the Ljubljanica River, has an elevation of .
Next to the eastern border of the city, the Ljubljanica, the Sava, and the Kamnik Bistrica Rivers flow together.
The lowest point of Ljubljana, with an elevation of , is located at the confluence.
Koseze Pond is located in the Šiška District and Tivoli Pond is located in the southern part of Tivoli City Park.
Koseze Pond is home to a number of rare plant and animal species and is a popular place of meeting and recreation.
The city experiences 90 days of frost per year, and 11 days with temperatures above .
Snow is common from December to February; on average, there are 48 days with snow cover recorded each winter season.
In summer, the weather in the city is under the influence of Mediterranean air currents, so summers are sunny and warm.
Despite the appearance of large buildings, especially at the city's edge, Ljubljana's historic center remains intact.
After the 1511 earthquake, it was rebuilt in the Baroque style following Italian, particularly Venetian, models.
In the second half of the 20th century, parts of Ljubljana were redesigned by Edvard Ravnikar.
Built between 1646 and 1660 , it replaced an older Gothic church on the same site.
The layout takes the form of an early-Baroque basilica with one nave and two rows of lateral chapels.
Much of the original frescos were ruined by the cracks in the ceiling caused by the Ljubljana earthquake in 1895.
The castle was built in the 12th century and was a residence of the Margraves, later the Dukes of Carniola.
Since 2006, a funicular has linked the city center to the castle atop the hill.
Town Hall , located at Town Square, is the seat of the City Municipality of Ljubljana.
It is work of Francesco Robba, who designed numerous other Baroque statues in the city.
The interior is decorated with Baroque frescos painted by Giulio Quaglio between 1703–1706 and 1721–1723.
It was designed in 1813 by the French engineer Jean Blanchard and now covers approximately .
Within the park, there are different types of trees, flower gardens, several statues, and fountains.
In 2014, Ljubljana won the European Green Capital Award for 2016 for its environmental achievements.
A statue of the Slovene national poet France Prešeren with a muse stands in the middle of the square.
The Prešeren Monument was created by Ivan Zajec in 1905, whereas the pedestal was designed by Max Fabiani.
Only a tourist train leaves Prešeren Square every day, transporting tourists to Ljubljana Castle.
Republic Square, at first named Revolution Square, is the largest square in Ljubljana.
At its eastern side stands the two-storey building of Maximarket, also work of Ravnikar.
It was built in 1821 for ceremonial purposes such as Congress of Ljubljana after which it was named.
Originally, there was only a single bridge, which linked Central Europe and the Balkans.
There are two staircases, leading to terraces above the river, the banks with poplars, and the Ljubljana fish market.
Two Plečnik's urban axes of Ljubljana, the water axis and the Ljubljana Castle–Rožnik Axis, cross at the bridge.
The Trnovo Bridge is the most prominent object of Plečnik's renovation of the banks of the Gradaščica.
It is located in the front of the Trnovo Church to the south of the city center.
There is also a statue of Saint John the Baptist on the bridge, the patron of the Trnovo Church.
It was officially opened in July 2010 and completes Plečnik's plans from the 1930s.
Since the 1940s, a ski slope has been in use in Gunclje, in the northwestern part of the city.
In addition, the Arena Triglav complex of six jumping hills is located in the Šiška District.
Industry remains the most important employer, notably in the pharmaceuticals, petrochemicals and food processing.
Other fields include banking, finance, transport, construction, skilled trades and services and tourism.
The public sector provides jobs in education, culture, health care and local administration.
Over 15,000 enterprises operate in the city, most of them in the tertiary sector.
It occupies an area of in the Moste District in the eastern part of Ljubljana.
The city of Ljubljana is governed by the City Municipality of Ljubljana , which is led by the city council.
Members of the city council and the mayor are elected in the local election, held every four years.
On 10 October 2010, Janković was re-elected for another four-year term with 64.79% of the vote.
From 2006 until October 2010, the majority on the city council held 23 of 45 seats.
On 10 October 2010, Janković's list won 25 out of 45 seats in the city council.
In 1869, Ljubljana had about 22,600 inhabitants, a figure that grew to almost 60,000 by 1931.
There are two private elementary schools: a Waldorf elementary school and a Catholic elementary school.
Historically the first school in Ljubljana belonged to Teutonic Knights and was established in the 13th century.
It originally accepted only boys; girls were accepted from the beginning of the 16th century.
In the beginning of the 17th century, there were six schools in Ljubljana and later three.
A girls' school was established by Poor Clares, followed in 1703 by the Ursulines.
Their school was for about 170 years the only public girls' school in Carniola.
All state schools are free, but the number of students they can accept is limited.
There are also professional grammar schools in Ljubljana, offering economical, technical, or artistic subjects .
In 1910, there were 29 secondary schools in Ljubljana, among them classical and real gymnasiums and Realschules .
In 2011, the University had 23 faculties and three academies, located in different parts of Ljubljana.
Students make up one-seventh of Ljubljana's population, giving the city a youthful character.
When it was founded, the university comprised five faculties: law, philosophy, technology, theology and medicine.
In 2011, it held 1,657,000 volumes, among these 1,432,000 books and a multitude of other resources in 36 branches.
Altogether, there are 5 general public libraries and over 140 specialized libraries in Ljubljana.
The first public library was the Carniolan Estates' Library, established in 1569 by Primož Trubar.
In the 17th century, the Jesuit Library collected numerous works, particularly about mathematics.
In 1707, the Seminary Library was established; it is the first and oldest public scientific library in Slovenia.
The next academy in Ljubljana, the Slovenian Academy of Sciences and Arts, was not established until 1938.
Ljubljana Jože Pučnik Airport , located northwest of the city, has flights to numerous European destinations.
This airport has superseded the original Ljubljana airport, in operation from 1933 until 1963.
It was located in the Municipality of Polje , on a plain between Ljubljanica and Sava next to the railroad in Moste.
In the Ljubljana Rail Hub, the Pan-European railway corridors V and X and the main European lines intersect.
A toll sticker system has been in use on the Ljubljana Ring Road since 1 July 2008.
The strict city center has been closed for motor traffic since September 2007, except for residents with permissions.
Reintroduction of an actual tram system to Ljubljana has been proposed repeatedly in the 2000s.
The Ljubljana Bus Station, the Ljubljana central bus hub, is located next to the Ljubljana railway station.
The number of dedicated bus lines is limited, which can cause problems in peak hours when traffic becomes congested.
Bus rides may be paid with the Urbana payment card or with a mobile phone.
There are numerous taxi companies in the city, but their services have been evaluated as bad.
The ride is free and there are no stations because it can be stopped anywhere.
It can carry up to five passengers; most of them are elderly people and tourists.
There is a considerable amount of bicycle traffic in Ljubljana, especially in the warmer months of the year.
There are still some conditions for cyclists in Ljubljana that have been criticized as unfortunate to date.
This refers to cycle lanes in poor condition and constructed in a way that motorized traffic is privileged.
Through years, some prohibitions have been partially abolished by marking cycle lanes on the pavement.
The Faculty of Medicine and the Ljubljana Institute of Oncology are other two central medical institutions in Slovenia.
Browning was born in Atlanta, Georgia and attended Barbizon Modeling and Acting School in Atlanta in 2003.
She was cast for her acting ability and trained for 8 months prior to the series filming.
Born in Huntington Park, California, as Lorraine Gourley, she played in films during the 1940s and early 1950s.
While still in her teens she was married to George Jessel from 1940 to 1943.
She was married to the actor Steve Brodie from 1946 until her death in 1968.

She landed the job and soon had contracts with Wilhelmina Models in New York and Elite Models in Paris.
She dated Don Henley but the relationship ended, and in 2005, she married money manager Richard Gilder.
In the spring of 2002, she taught a course in film acting at the University of Houston.
 Lois Collier Lois Collier , born Madelyn Earle Jones, was an American film actress born in Salley, South Carolina.
Collier's father was Ernest Jones, a pharmacist, of Salley, South Carolina.
During that period she often starred opposite western stars Bob Steele, Tom Tyler, and Dennis Moore.
On August 4, 1945, Collier married to Robert Jackson Oakley, an agent for actors.
She was a long serving Secretary of the Local Spiritual Assembly of the Bahá'ís of Los Angeles.
 Lois Hamilton Lois Hamilton was an American model, author, aviator, artist and actress.
Her looks brought an opportunity with the Ford Modeling Agency where she became one of its top models during the 1970s.
Within a year, she landed more TV stints than any other actress at her agency.
She logged over 600 hours in the air and was an accomplished aerobatic pilot, flying her 1936 German biplane.
She exhibited her bronze sculptures and oil paintings in many one-woman shows in Los Angeles.
On December 23, 1999, Hamilton locked herself in her hotel room at the Sheraton Hotel in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
 Lois January Lois January was an American actress who performed small roles in several B-movies during the 1930s.
Her career slowed in the way of starring roles by the mid-1940s, but she continued to act.
She died in Los Angeles, California of Alzheimer's disease on August 7, 2006, aged 92. 
Her character started off as a stern matriarch but later in the run, the show utilized her flair for comedy.
Kibbee died of a brain tumor on October 18, 1993, in New York City.
While Henry Slesar was headwriter for the CBS soap Capitol, Kibbee briefly contributed a few scripts as well.
She was born Lois Darlington Dowling in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and died in Sedona, Arizona.
Her career began in 1921, and Moran appeared in a couple of silent movies in the early 1920s.
She also had a brief affair with writer F. Scott Fitzgerald while he was married to Zelda Fitzgerald.
In 1935, she married Clarence M. Young, Assistant Secretary of Commerce, temporarily retiring from her acting career.
 Lois Neilson Lois Neilson was an American silent movie actress who became actor and comedian Stan Laurel's first wife.
Neilson and Laurel began sharing her apartment in 1925, and married on August 13, 1926.
Their son, also named Stanley, was born two months premature in 1930, and lived for nine days.
 Lois Nettleton Lois June Nettleton was an American film, stage, radio, and television actress.
Lois Nettleton was born on August 16, 1927 in Oak Park, Illinois to Virginia and Edward L. Nettleton.
She was Miss Chicago of 1948 as well as a semifinalist at the Miss America 1948 Pageant.
Nettleton died at the age of 80, from lung cancer, in Woodland Hills, California on January 18, 2008.
She was inducted into the American Theatre Hall of Fame in 2007 for her outstanding contributions to the theatre.
In 2013 she was given a Lifetime Achievement Obie Award for excellence in Off-Broadway performance.
In her career she has also taught, directed, and written for the stage.
Her father moved the family to Seattle when Lois was 11 years old and he was heavily involved in the church.
She went on to study theatre at the University of Washington but did not graduate.
At age 18 in 1948 she married Wesley Dale Smith who she met in college and they divorced in 1970.
She and her husband decided to leave Seattle and moved to New York City to begin their professional careers around 1951.
She was also mentored in her early years in New York City by John Van Druten.
She was also previously a company member with the Studio Ensemble Theatre with Curt Dempster.
As a girl, music was her passion, and her most treasured possession was a baby grand piano.
He had appeared in productions of Harrison Grey Fiske and Mrs Fiske, and Raymond Hitchcock.
Both Herbert Blaché and his wife, Alice Guy, later claimed to have given Weber her start in the movie industry.
In 1910, Weber and Smalley decided to pursue a career in the infant motion picture industry.
Weber took two years off her birth date when she signed her first movie contract.
Adapted by Weber, it used multiple images and mirror shots to tell of a woman threatened by a burglar .
In 1914 Bertha Smith estimated Weber's audience at five to six million a week.
In fact, by 1915 Weber was as famous as D.W. Griffith and Cecil B. de Mille.
In April 1915, Weber and Smalley left Bosworth when the founder left the company due to ill health.
After being promised they could make feature-length films by Carl Laemmle, they returned to Universal Pictures.
Released to popular acclaim, it premiered on April 3, 1916 at the Globe Theatre in Manhattan.
The film starred Tyrone Power, Sr. and his then wife Helen Riaume, and future star Mary MacLaren made her debut.
As a recurring motif, every time a character becomes pregnant, a child's face is double exposed over their shoulder.
Smalley was made studio manager, and the Smalleys made their home on the studio lot at 1550 N. Sierra Bonita Avenue.
Weber's independence allowed her to shoot her films in sequence, as she preferred .
The Smalleys exemplified and promoted the Victorian ideal of marriage as companionship and a partnership.
While she would direct a few other movies, effectively her career as a Hollywood director was over.
Despite xenophobic assumptions, Weber advocates learning, asceticism, and service to the needy.
They ultimately traveled for six months through Europe, Egypt, China, and India.
In late December 1921, they were in Rome, with plans to travel to the Orient.
At their wedding, Weber reduced her age by nine years to 38 to match her new husband.
By February 1927, Weber owned and operated Lois Weber's Garden Village at 4633 Santa Monica Boulevard in Los Angeles.
In 1931, Gantz sold the El Dorado ranch to C. Stanley Chapman, the son of Charles C. Chapman.
By 1932, Weber was still separated from Gantz and was managing an apartment building in Fullerton, California.
In February 1933, Universal signed Weber to scout for new talent and to direct screen tests.
It was first shown on television on Friday, June 21, 1940 on NBC's station W2XBS, but is now considered a lost film.
On Friday, November 17, 1939, more than 300 attended Weber's funeral, which was paid for by Frances Marion.
After the funeral, Weber was cremated at the Los Angeles Crematory and the location of her remains are unknown.
 Lois Wilson Lois Wilson was an American actress who worked during the silent film era.
Born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Wilson's family moved to Alabama when she was still very young.
In 1915 Wilson moved to California after winning a beauty contest put on by Universal Studios and the Birmingham News.
Upon arriving in Hollywood, she auditioned and was hired by the Victor Film Company for several small film roles.
She was a WAMPAS Baby Star of 1922, and all told appeared in 150 movies.
She acted opposite such leading male stars of her era as Rudolph Valentino and John Gilbert.
She was chosen by Paramount Pictures to represent the motion picture industry at the British Empire Exposition of 1924.
Lois Wilson died of pneumonia at the Riverside Hospital for Skilled Care in Reno, Nevada at the age of 93.
Her funeral service was conducted at the Church of the Good Shepherd in Beverly Hills, California.
The following is a list of films that Lois Wilson either directed, acted in, wrote or produced.
Albright was born in Akron, Ohio, to John Paul and Marion Albright, both of whom were gospel music singers.
For the next several years, she appeared in secondary roles in over twenty films, including several 'B' Westerns.
Albright played Edie Hart, a nightclub singer and the romantic interest of Peter Gunn .
Albright continued to perform both in films and television guest appearances until her retirement in the mid-1980s.
Her mother is stage director and film producer, Karen Goodman Forsberg and her father is filmmaker Eric Forsberg.
Lola Forsberg's first feature film was as the baby in Christopher Coppola's Bel Air, shot in 2000.
Her first speaking role was as a precocious child on the pier in Alain Silver's White Nights shot in 2004.
Ms Forsberg is a regular player in the films of The Asylum and Cerebral Experiment productions.
Glaudini currently resides in Brooklyn with her husband, Stuart England, and two sons.
In June 1935, Andre eloped to Santa Barbara, California to marry MGM actor Edward Norris.
Andre filed for an annulment action four days after her marriage in Tijuana, Mexico.
She was later married to salesman, James T. Bolling, and was divorced from him in March 1947.
After her film career ended she became a successful businesswoman and never returned to acting.
 London London is the capital and most populous city of England and the United Kingdom.
In 2012, London became the first city to host the modern Summer Olympic Games three times.
London has a diverse range of peoples and cultures, and more than 300 languages are spoken within Greater London.
Two recent discoveries indicate probable very early settlements near the Thames in the London area.
In 1999, the remains of a Bronze Age bridge were found on the foreshore north of Vauxhall Bridge.
This bridge either crossed the Thames, or went to a now lost island in the river.
Both structures are on South Bank, at a natural crossing point where the River Effra flows into the River Thames.
This lasted only until around 61, when the Iceni tribe led by Queen Boudica stormed it, burning it to the ground.
At its height in the 2nd century, Roman London had a population of around 60,000.
By the 11th century, London was beyond all comparison the largest town in England.
In 1097, William II began the building of Westminster Hall, close by the abbey of the same name.
In 1100, its population was around 18,000; by 1300 it had grown to nearly 100,000.
Disaster struck during the Black Death in the mid-14th century, when London lost nearly a third of its population.
But the tentacles of English maritime enterprise hardly extended beyond the seas of north-west Europe.
London became the principal North Sea port, with migrants arriving from England and abroad.
By the end of the Tudor period in 1603, London was still very compact.
There was an assassination attempt on James I in Westminster, through the Gunpowder Plot on 5 November 1605.
The Great Fire of London broke out in 1666 in Pudding Lane in the city and quickly swept through the wooden buildings.
Rebuilding took over ten years and was supervised by Robert Hooke as Surveyor of London.
In 1762, George III acquired Buckingham House and it was enlarged over the next 75 years.
In total, more than 200 offences were punishable by death, including petty theft.
London's overcrowded conditions led to cholera epidemics, claiming 14,000 lives in 1848, and 6,000 in 1866.
Rising traffic congestion led to the creation of the world's first local urban rail network.
During The Troubles in Northern Ireland, London was subjected to bombing attacks by the Provisional IRA.
This was borne out of London's ever-increasing role as a major international financial centre during the 1980s.
The Thames Barrier was completed in the 1980s to protect London against tidal surges from the North Sea.
In 2000, London-wide government was restored, with the creation of the Greater London Authority.
To celebrate the start of the 21st century, the Millennium Dome, London Eye and Millennium Bridge were constructed.
In January 2015, Greater London's population was estimated to be 8.63 million, the highest level since 1939.
The administration of London is formed of two tiers—a city-wide, strategic tier and a local tier.
The headquarters of the GLA is City Hall, Southwark; the mayor is Boris Johnson.
The mayor's statutory planning strategy is published as the London Plan, which was most recently revised in 2011.
The local authorities are the councils of the 32 London boroughs and the City of London Corporation.
In 2009–2010 the combined revenue expenditure by London councils and the GLA amounted to just over £22 billion .
It is run by the London Fire and Emergency Planning Authority and is the third largest fire service in the world.
As of May 2015, 45 are from the Labour Party, 27 are Conservatives, and one is a Liberal Democrat.
The City of London has its own police force – the City of London Police.
The British Transport Police are responsible for police services on National Rail and London Underground services.
Crime rates vary widely by area, ranging from parts with serious issues to parts considered very safe.
Many websites and applications took advantage of this data to build crime maps of London's neighbourhoods.
The city is split by the River Thames into North and South, with an informal central London area in its interior.
On average London will see 31 days above each year, and 4.2 days above every year.
Snowfall does occur from time to time, and can cause travel disruption when this happens.
Since 1965 Greater London has been divided into 32 London boroughs in addition to the ancient City of London.
West London includes expensive residential areas where properties can sell for tens of millions of pounds.
Many grand houses and public buildings, such as the National Gallery, are constructed from Portland stone.
Nelson's Column is a nationally recognised monument in Trafalgar Square, one of the focal points of central London.
In the dense areas, most of the concentration is via medium- and high-rise buildings.
19.7 per cent are of full Asian descent, with those of mixed-Asian heritage comprising 1.2 of the population.
Indians account for 6.6 per cent of the population, followed by Pakistanis and Bangladeshis at 2.7 per cent each.
Chinese peoples account for 1.5 per cent of the population, with Arabs comprising 1.3 per cent.
13.3 per cent are of full Black descent, with those of mixed-Black heritage comprising 2.3 per cent.
Across London, Black and Asian children outnumber White British children by about six to four in state schools.
The 2011 census showed that 36.7 per cent of Greater London's population were born outside the UK.
London has traditionally been Christian, and has a large number of churches, particularly in the City of London.
Despite the prevalence of Anglican churches, observance is very low within the Anglican denomination.
Church attendance continues on a long, slow, steady decline, according to Church of England statistics.
London is also home to sizeable Muslim, Hindu, Sikh, and Jewish communities.
Bevis Marks Synagogue in the City of London is affiliated to London's historic Sephardic Jewish community.
It is the only synagogue in Europe which has held regular services continuously for over 300 years.
London has over 480 overseas banks, more than any other city in the world.
Over 85 percent of the employed population of greater London works in the services industries.
Because of its prominent global role, London's economy had been affected by the Late-2000s financial crisis.
The City of London is home to the Bank of England, London Stock Exchange, and Lloyd's of London insurance market.
The BBC is a significant employer, while other broadcasters also have headquarters around the City.
The Port of London is the second-largest in the United Kingdom, handling 45 million tonnes of cargo each year.
In 2014 American Business Magazine Forbes ranked London as the most influential city in the world.
With 120,000 students in London, the federal University of London is the largest contact teaching university in the UK.
Members of the University of London have their own admissions procedures, and some award their own degrees.
Knightsbridge, home to the equally renowned Harrods department store, lies to the south-west.
London offers a great variety of cuisine as a result of its ethnically diverse population.
Gastronomic centres include the Bangladeshi restaurants of Brick Lane and the Chinese food restaurants of Chinatown.
As of 2008, the British Academy Film Awards have taken place at the Royal Opera House.
The first of these to be established was the British Museum in Bloomsbury, in 1753.
London's two main opera houses are the Royal Opera House and the London Coliseum.
Primrose Hill in the northern part of Regent's Park at is a popular spot to view the city skyline.
Close to Hyde Park are smaller Royal Parks, Green Park and St. James's Park.
Close to Richmond Park is Kew Gardens which has the world's largest collection of living plants.
In 2003, the gardens were put on the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites.
London has hosted the Summer Olympics three times: in 1908, 1948, and 2012.
In May 2012, Chelsea became the first London club to win the UEFA Champions League.
From 1924, the original Wembley Stadium was the home of the English national football team.
The new Wembley Stadium serves exactly the same purposes and has a capacity of 90,000.
Cricket in London is served by two Test cricket grounds Lord's in St John's Wood and the Oval in Kennington.
McKee's career began in the music business in Detroit as a child prodigy, where she started writing music R&B hit.
McKee studied film directing at The New School in New York and apprenticed directing with filmmaker Spike Lee.
She also studied singing with Dini Clark and ballet with Sarah Tayir, both in Los Angeles.
McKee is currently developing plans to establish a performance arts center in the New York tri-state area.
In the mid-'90s, she was living in an Upper East Side brownstone with her companion, musician Bryant McNeil.
On May 17, 2008, Anderson married musician Bob Flick, one of the founding members of the folk band The Brothers Four.
In 2007, she died of natural causes in Century City, California, and was survived by her husband, Herman Hadler.
 Loretta Swit Loretta Jane Swit is an American stage and television actress known for her character roles.
Born in Passaic, New Jersey, of Polish descent, Swit's parents were Lester and Nellie Szwed.
She studied with Gene Frankel in Manhattan in New York City and considered him her acting coach.
Swit is also a singer, trained at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts prior to entering the theater.
She inherited the star-making role from actress Sally Kellerman, who portrayed Margaret O'Houlihan in the feature film.
Swit was one of only four cast members to stay for all 11 seasons of the show, from 1972 to 1983 .
She also had a close relationship with Harry Morgan, who played Colonel Sherman T. Potter.
They became neighbors, after the series ended, until his death on December 7, 2011.
Swit continues to stay close to Alda, along with his wife, 3 daughters and 7 grandchildren.
Swit is a very strong advocate for animals and animal rights, donating much of her time to animal-related causes.
Starting as a child actress, she had a long and varied career in film from 1917 to 1953.
The series earned three Emmy Awards, and reran successfully on daytime TV and later in syndication.
Young, a devout Roman Catholic, worked with various Catholic charities after her acting career.
She was born in Salt Lake City, Utah, the daughter of Gladys and John Earle Young.
When she was two years old, her parents separated, and when she was three, she and her family moved to Hollywood.
In 1930, when she was 17, she eloped with 26-year-old actor Grant Withers; they were married in Yuma, Arizona.
The marriage was annulled the next year, just as their second movie together was released.
It depicted a unit of female pilots during WWII who flew bomber planes from the factories to their final destinations.
Her trademark was a dramatic entrance through a living room door in various high fashion evening gowns.
In 2011, a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs, California, Walk of Stars was dedicated to her.
She married producer Tom Lewis in 1940 and they divorced very bitterly in the mid-1960s; Lewis died in 1988.
They had two sons, Peter Lewis , and Christopher Lewis, a film director.
In 1998, she reportedly told her daughter-in-law that she had been date raped by Gable.
Young gave birth to Judith Young on November 6, 1935, in a house that she and her mother owned in Venice, California.
Few in Hollywood were fooled by the ruse, and the child's true parentage was widely rumored in entertainment circles.
The claim was reported in an article in BuzzFeed by Anne Helen Petersen in July 2015.
In both 1968 and 1980 she was a vocal supporter of Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan.
She was a member of the Good Shepherd Parish and the Catholic Motion Picture Guild in Beverly Hills, California.
Young won a Golden Globe Award for the former, and was nominated again for the latter.
In 1972, a jury in Los Angeles awarded Young $550,000 in her breach of contract suit against NBC.
Her daughter, Judy Lewis, also died of cancer, on November 25, 2011, at age 76. 
 Lori Alan Lori Alan is an award-winning American actress, comedian, and voice actress.
She had a mixed-faith family with her mother a Southern Baptist and her father being Jewish.
She started acting at the age five making her television debut in a Shakey's Pizza commercial.
She is also on the board of Pickle Pants Rescue, an animal rescue organization in Los Angeles.
In 2014, she won a Voice Arts Award for outstanding body of work and outstanding national television commercial.
Denberg married her longtime friend Alexander Jardin, an artist based out of New Bedford, Massachusetts. 
She left that role because it reminded her of a past memory in which she was a victim of sexual abuse.
She did theatre growing up in Austin, but never really thought of acting as a career.
From 1983 to 1988, Loughlin appeared a number of feature films and television guest spots.
Initially set for a six-episode arc, she became a regular for the remainder of the series run.
She played Ava, the aunt who raises three children after their parents die in a car accident.
The series was canceled after two seasons due to low ratings on July 11, 2005.
Loughlin also is a stepmother to Gianni, Giannulli's son from a previous relationship. 
Her father, Russell C. Menzer , was an MGM and Warner Brothers commercial artist and art director.
When Lori was six years old, her mother took her to an agent who specialized in child actors.
Doree and I had to go live with my aunt in Ponca City, Oklahoma.
My mother got sick and Daddy had to go to work every day, so we couldn't stay here.
That was when I decided, if I had to come back, I'd be an actress.
Martin auditioned so well that her parents soon allowed her to attend them by herself.
It was for a Chrysler commercial, and my car broke down about six blocks from the studio.
I had to stay with the car, but Lori was all for going on in herself.
After being included in the final three, she was interviewed ten more times before winning the part.
Ann Doran played her mother, Martha Brown; Arthur Space, her father, Herbert Brown.
The director of the film, J. Lee Thompson, originally wanted Hayley Mills for Martin's part.
Lori jumped on the singing teen idol bandwagon and released her only single on Bob Keane's legendary Del-Fi Records.
Born Dixie Kay Nelson in Santa Fe, New Mexico, Nelson is the great-grandniece of John J. Pershing.
At age 7, Nelson contracted rheumatic fever which left her bedridden for four years.
After she recovered, she returned to pageants and won the title of Miss Encino at age 17.
Nelson opted to leave the series after the first season and her character was written out.
The relationship was fodder for gossip columnists at the time and there was speculation that the two would marry.
While Hunter was dating Nelson, he was also secretly involved with figure skater Ronald Robertson.
The couple had two daughters, Lori Susan and Jennifer, before divorcing in April 1973.
Petty, the oldest of three children, was born in Chattanooga, Tennessee, the daughter of a Pentecostal minister.
On September 4, 2009, Petty pled no contest to a misdemeanor charge for drinking and driving.

 Lorna Gray Lorna Gray is an American film actress known for her comic roles, and later as a villainess.
She is best known for her roles in Columbia Pictures comedy shorts and Republic Pictures serials.
When her Columbia contract lapsed, she found work at Monogram Pictures, where she worked with action star Frankie Darro.
As Adrian Booth, she was awarded the Golden Boot Award in 1998 and has been attending film festivals into her nineties.
At that time, Maitland was three months pregnant, which augmented her already very large breasts.
The surname 'Maitland' he chose to overcome the 'backwoods roots' of the character.
 Lorna Patterson Lorna Patterson is an American film, stage and television actress and, more recently, a Jewish cantor.
Patterson was born in Whittier, California, where she attended Rio Hondo College for a single semester.
She is a founding member of the Musical Theatre Guild and has appeared in many stage musicals.
She is currently married to actor/director Michael Lembeck, and the couple have two children.
In 2009 she received her cantorial ordination from the Academy for Jewish Religion in Los Angeles. 
 Lorna Raver Lorna Raver is an American actress who has appeared in numerous plays, films, and television series.
Raver was born in York County, Pennsylvania, and was raised in a Pennsylvania Dutch environment.

At an early age, she relocated with her family to Los Angeles, California, where she was raised.
At age 16, she won a best actress award in a competition at the prestigious Pasadena Playhouse.
On 19 August 1956, Gary married entertainment industry executive Sidney Sheinberg, with whom she has two sons.
In 1995, together with her husband, Gary received the Simon Wiesenthal Center's Humanitarian Award. 
Lorraine's mother also objected to the match, and moved to Hollywood, California, with her daughter.
Lorraine and Richard corresponded during their separation and married in 1917, with Lorraine retiring from the screen.
In the 1930s, Lorraine began therapy with David Seabury and formed a deep attachment to him.
As Blanchard was a competitive surfer, Nicholson had to take a crash course in wave riding.
In May 2012, she graduated from Brown University with a degree in Literary Arts, intending on being a screenwriter.
The twins' parents emigrated from Puerto Rico in the early 1950s and lived in Brooklyn, a borough of New York City.
After graduating from high school, they each received scholarships to attend the Alvin Ailey Dance School.
Lorraine's first professional job was singing and acting for the Theater for the New City in the East Village.
In 1993, Lorraine moved to London, where she worked regularly for a number of years on the West End stage.

After mistakenly believing she was a boy when first born, her father lovingly gave her the boyish nickname, 'Chuckie'.
Pickford's father left the family while she was young, and Gladys took on responsibilities.
Lottie and Jack became extremely close, banding together against their sister who they saw as strict.
Lottie was either offered a lesser sum than her sister or was part of a packaged deal.
At one point Lottie and Gladys had to travel on their own for one production.
Mary was influential in getting her siblings on the payroll after she started acting in films.
The rest of the family adopted the Pickford name by the time they began appearing in films.
Mary signed with D.W. Griffith's Biograph Company in 1909 and also secured work for her siblings.
Between 1909 and 1910, Mary made eighty shorts, Jack made twenty-eight, and Lottie made twenty-five.
When the Biograph Company departed for California, Lottie Pickford and her mother were left behind.
It was thought lost until rediscovered in the 20th century at the British Film Institute.
Pickford performed in only five roles between 1915 and 1918, when she took a break from acting.
During her career, Pickford starred in eight features, while her brother starred in over forty features.
Her parties were legendary and lasted until morning; drugs and alcohol were plentiful, as was nudity.
Despite her reputation as a party girl, Pickford was considered to be down to earth, friendly, sweet, and unpretentious.
Pickford did not comment to the press on the matter, other than to say she would never marry again.
On July 22, 1929, she married Russel O. Gillard, an undertaker from Los Angeles.
On December 6, 1936, Pickford suffered a heart attack at the age of 43.
She was said to have been in failing health for three years, related to alcohol abuse.
Her funeral was held on December 13 at Wee Kirk o' the Heather Church in Glendale, California.
Horton was born in Beijing, China, but was raised in Haiti and the Washington D.C. Metropolitan Area.
Horton met her husband, George Roy Hill, when they were both actors in a Shakespeare repertory company.
They were married in 1951 and had four children, but divorced in the 1970s.
Louisa Horton Hill died on January 25, 2008, at the Lillian Booth Actors' Fund Home in Englewood, New Jersey, aged 87.
Brooks began her entertainment career as a dancer, joining the Denishawn modern dance company in Los Angeles in 1922.
In her second season with the company, Brooks had advanced to a starring role in one work opposite Shawn.
Paramount attempted to use the coming of sound films to pressure the actress, but she called the studio's bluff.
The film is based on two plays by Frank Wedekind and Brooks plays the central figure, Lulu.
After working on the novel for a number of years, she destroyed the manuscript by throwing it into an incinerator.
She was a notorious spendthrift for most of her life, and was kind and generous to her friends, almost to a fault.
It would lead to the still ongoing Louise Brooks film revivals, and rehabilitated her reputation in her home country.
She rarely gave interviews, but had special relationships with film historians John Kobal and Kevin Brownlow.
She divorced Sutherland, mainly due to her budding relationship with Marshall, in June 1928.
Her many lovers from years before had included a young William S. Paley, the founder of CBS.
She also had an on-again, off-again relationship with George Preston Marshall throughout the 1920s and 1930s .
On August 8, 1985, Brooks was found dead of a heart attack after suffering from arthritis and emphysema for many years.
Hugo Pratt, another comics artist, also used her as inspiration for characters, and even named them after her.
Clark was born in Santa Monica, California in 1949 and moved back to her mother's home in New Orleans in 1950.
Her mother, Audrey Caire, was a National AAU Champion and an actress and model.
Her father, William Doran Clark, a decorated hero of the Korean War, was the son of General Mark Wayne Clark.
When Clark was age 5, the family moved back to Los Angeles, California.
In her early years, her mother was a contract player at 20th Century Fox and she was exposed to the film industry.
At age 15, the family moved to New York where Clark developed an interest in acting.
Clark married Peter Gries in 1974, son of the film director Tom Gries, and moved back to California.
She and her husband started a small production company and had two sons, Mathew, born in 1976 and Michael, born in 1980.
In 1983, at age 34, Clark decided to go back to work as an actress.
Louise is currently retired and lives in Washington, DC with her husband Ben Goddard. 
Her father was Joseph A. Closser , a wealthy grain dealer and her mother was Louise M. Closser .
She studied at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York City, and at Emerson College of Oratory in Boston.
Aged 57, following her husband's death from cancer in 1917, she left the stage for Hollywood.
She had a parallel career as an author and playwright, starting in the first decade of the 20th century.
In her will Mrs Hale requested an Episcopalian funeral service as simple and as inexpensive as possible.
 Louise Currie Louise Currie was an American film actress, active from 1940 into the early 1950s.
She attended Sarah Lawrence College in New York, where she became interested in acting.
Most of her movies were B-movies and serials, in which she often portrayed the heroine.
She made a few television appearances in the 1950s, retiring permanently from acting in 1956.
She married actor John Whitney at the peak of her career, but the marriage ended in divorce.
She made repeat appearances on May 24, 2010) and August 16, 2010. 
She took her professional last name as a tribute to her good friend, songwriter Paul Dresser.
She had known Keaton since he was a small boy with his parents in vaudeville.
First, to singer/songwriter, Jack Norworth, whom she divorced and then to Jack Gardner, until his death in 1950.
Erickson began performing on radio at age 6, acting in broadcasts of fairy tales.
She was the third actress to play bobby soxer Judy on the long running radio series that debuted in 1941.
 Louise Fazenda Louise Fazenda was an American film actress, appearing chiefly in silent comedy films.
Before trying motion pictures, she worked for a dentist, a candy store owner, and a tax collector and on stage.
She took a break from making motion pictures in 1921–1922 in order to try vaudeville.
By the advent of sound pictures, Fazenda was a highly paid actress, making movies for nearly all of the big studios.
She was once accurately described as a plain-looking woman but a highly gifted character comedienne.
In 1927, Fazenda married noted Warner Bros. producer Hal B. Wallis, a union which lasted until her death.
She spent the remainder of her years enjoying life as an art collector until her death caused by a cerebral hemorrhage.
Louise Fazenda has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6801 Hollywood Blvd.
She paid the entire hospital bill of her daughter, who was injured in the wreck.
She subsidized the studies of a law student who was contemplating leaving school when his wife became pregnant.
At the UCLA Medical Center she helped to feed young children, before she rocked and sang them to sleep.
 Louise Fletcher Estelle Louise Fletcher is an Academy Award winning, American film and television actress.
She made several financially and critically successful films, while others were box office failures.
Glaum began her acting career on the stage in Los Angeles, her hometown, in 1907.
In 1925, she sued for money owed her for movie work amounting to $103,000.
She was born near Baltimore, Maryland, the third of four daughters of John W. Glaum and Lena Katherine Kuhn .
She earned $25 a week and furnished her own gowns, which she made herself.
Upon the death of her younger sister, Margaret, in June 1911, Glaum resigned and returned home to Los Angeles.
Her mother wanted her to remain, but the desire to return to the stage possessed her.
Nothing was paid, however, and in the Fall of 1923, according to Glaum, he went to Paris without paying her.
She then filed suit in California, but a copy of the contract was not attached.
Glaum stayed away from Los Angeles for over three years as she headlined on the big-time vaudeville circuit in the East.
On January 19, 1926, Glaum and movie theater owner Zachary M. Harris were married in New York City.
A drama department was introduced as an innovation to the club and Glaum was appointed the director.
She is interred in Angelus-Rosedale Cemetery, along with her second husband, Zachary Harris, and others of her family.
She has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for her work in motion pictures at 6834 Hollywood Boulevard, Hollywood. 
 Louise Henry Jessie Louise Henry Weltz was an American film actress who worked in Hollywood during the 1930s. 
Huff was a director of the Friends of the Theater and Music Collection at the Museum of the City of New York.
Her film career included silent movies as well as some of the first sound productions.
LaPlanche was the sister of Rosemary LaPlanche, who was crowned Miss America in 1941.
LaPlanche moved to Ann Arbor, Michigan, in the late 1990s, and resided there for the last fifteen years of her life.
She died on September 7, 2012, just one day after her ninety-third birthday.
Lasser was born in New York City to Jewish parents, Paula and S. Jay Lasser, a tax expert.
She is currently a member of faculty at HB Studio, where she teaches acting technique. 


Louise Lester died at the Motion Picture Country Home in 1952 at the age of 85 years.
Her funeral was conducted in the chapel of the Utter-McKinley Strouthers Mortuary, 6240 Hollywood Boulevard.
She was born Louise Escovar on October 1, 1904 in San Francisco, California.
Louise started out in two-reel comedies for independent studios, then spent time at MGM and Universal.
She starred in 11 in all, showing much energy and charisma, not as much seen in many of her colleagues in that genre.
Following this film, she retired from the film industry to devote her time with her husband and two children.
She died in 1981, aged 76, in New York City, from undisclosed causes.

Born in Springfield, Illinois, Keyes changed her name to Stanley when she decided to embark on an acting career.
In 1935 she signed a contract with Paramount, which was not renewed after the initial six months.
She starred in several films with cowboy star Bob Steele and others with Tex Ritter.
That marriage also was short lived, ending in divorce only a short time later with allegations that he beat her.
Louise Stanley retired from acting, and died from cancer in Cocoa Beach, Florida in 1982. 

 Loyola O'Connor Loyola O'Connor , was an American film actress of the silent film era.
She was born in St. Paul, Minnesota and died in Los Angeles, California. 
 Lu Leonard Lu Leonard , the daughter of character actor Hal Price, was an American actress.
Due to her rotund figure, Leonard was often cast as a love interest who often intimidated her husband or boyfriend.
Health problems eventually set in and she left Hollywood in the mid-1990s, living primarily in Oregon.
She was part of a group of well-known actors who met in the acting class of actor Jeff Corey.
Anders was a lifelong Buddhist and supporter of the American chapter of Soka Gakkai International .
Luana Patten was born in Long Beach, California to Harvey T. Patten and Alma Patten, natives of Enid, Oklahoma.
At the age of 3 she was a young model and later was hired by Walt Disney.
Luana Patten died from respiratory failure in her home at Long Beach, California, aged 57.
She studied drama at New York's Theater Guild School where she also took ballet lessons.
Chase was inducted into the National Museum of Dance's Mr. & Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney Hall of Fame in 1988.
 Lucie Arnaz Lucie Désirée Arnaz is an American actress, singer, dancer, and producer.
Lucie Arnaz was born and raised in Los Angeles, and attended the Roman Catholic Immaculate Heart High School.
She is the daughter of actors Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz, and is the sister of actor Desi Arnaz, Jr. Career.
She played Kim Carter, the daughter of the eponymous Lucy—who was played by Arnaz's real-life mother, Lucille Ball.
This was the first production at Jones Beach Theatre after the death of longtime producer Guy Lombardo.
She is currently touring in Pippin, playing the part of the title character's grandmother.
She earned a Best Supporting Actress Golden Globe nomination for her work in the film.
She resigned over a dispute with the Executive Director over the future direction of the Center.
On July 17, 2010, Heritage Auction Galleries planned to auction off some items that belonged to Lucille Ball.
Morton's third wife, Susan McAllister Morton, had sued Arnaz for the right to conduct the auction.
She shares a birthday with her uncle, her mother's brother, Fred Ball.
They married soon after and stayed together for more than 40 years until his death April 23, 1976.
A native of Pasadena, California, Webster went on stage as a teen working with her father's stock company.
Her motion picture career started with a number of movies in 1929 and continued until 1945.
She became the wife of actor James Gleason in 1905, when the couple married in Oakland, California.
She was a vice-president of the Screen Actors Guild and was a member of the Hollywood U.S.O.
Lucile Webster Gleason died in her sleep of heart disease in 1947, aged 59, at her home in Brentwood, California.
Reports varied, some saying the fall was accidental, while others stating it was a suicide. 
 Lucille Ball Lucille Désirée Ball was an American actress, comedian, model, film studio executive, and TV producer.
Ball's career in the spotlight began in 1929, when she landed work as a model.
In the midst of her work as a contract player for RKO, Ball met Cuban bandleader Desi Arnaz.
On July 17, 1951, at almost forty years of age, Ball gave birth to their first child, Lucie Désirée Arnaz.
In 1962, Ball became the first woman to run a major television studio, Desilu.
In 1977, Ball was among the first recipients of the Women in Film Crystal Award.
On April 26, 1989, at the age of 77, Ball died of an abdominal aortic dissection.
Her family was Baptist, and her ancestry was mostly English, but included small amounts of Scottish, French, and Irish.
Her father, a telephone lineman for Bell Telephone Company, was frequently transferred because of his occupation.
Ball recalled little from the day her father died, but remembered a bird getting trapped in the house.
Lucy loved Celoron Park, one of the best amusement areas in the United States at that time.
Four years after the death of her father, Ball’s mother was remarried to Edward Peterson.
When the young Ball was caught admiring herself in it, she was severely chastised for being vain.
This period of time affected Ball so deeply that, in later life, she claimed that it lasted seven or eight years.
While Ball was onstage, she realized performing was a great way to gain praise and recognition.
In 1925, Ball, then only 14, started dating Johnny DeVita, a 23-year-old local hood.
DeDe was unhappy with the relationship, but was unable to influence her daughter to end it.
She expected the romance to burn out in a few weeks, but that did not happen.
After about a year, DeDe tried to separate them by using Lucille's desire to be in show business.
Ball was determined to prove her teachers wrong and returned to New York City in 1928.
Among her other jobs, she landed work as a fashion model for Hattie Carnegie.
Using the name Diane Belmont, she started getting some chorus work on Broadway but the work was not lasting.
The play received good reviews, but there were problems, chiefly with its star, Conway Tearle, who was in poor health.
Like many budding actresses Ball picked up radio work to earn side income as well as gain exposure.
It was here that she began her fifty-year professional relationship with Gale Gordon, who served as show announcer.
She agreed, but insisted on working with her real-life husband, Cuban bandleader Desi Arnaz.
CBS executives were reluctant, thinking the public would not accept an All-American redhead and a Cuban as a couple.
She revealed how she felt about other actors and actresses as well as her love for Arnaz.
Director former actor Aaron Spelling was canceled less than two months into its run by ABC.
When Ball registered to vote in 1936, she listed her party affiliation as Communist.
She stated that in the 1952 US Presidential Election, she voted for Republican Dwight Eisenhower.
When they met again on the second day, the two connected immediately and eloped the same year.
Although Arnaz was drafted into the Army in 1942, he ended up being classified for limited service due to a knee injury.
On July 17, 1951, one month before her 40th birthday, Ball gave birth to her first child, Lucie Désirée Arnaz.
The country was in an uproar over Lucy’s approaching delivery through the winter of 1952.
On January 14, 1953, reports flew around that baby Ricardo would be born on the following Monday’s show.
Thousands called the studio and the Hollywood Press Office, demanding to know the details.
January 19 would be a date to be remembered in the records of television history.
By the end of the 1950s, Desilu had become a large company, causing a good deal of stress for both Ball and Arnaz.
On May 4, 1960, just two months after filming that episode , the couple divorced.
Until his death in 1986, however, Arnaz and Ball remained friends and often spoke very fondly of each other.
Former Broadway co-stars Andes and Stewart also appeared at least once on her later sitcoms.
On April 18, 1989, Ball was at her home in Beverly Hills when she complained of chest pains.
An ambulance was called and she was rushed to the emergency room of Cedars-Sinai Medical Center.
However, shortly after dawn on April 26, Ball awoke with severe back pains and soon lost consciousness.
Her body was cremated and the ashes were initially interred in Forest Lawn – Hollywood Hills Cemetery in Los Angeles.
There is a Lucille Ball-Desi Arnaz Center museum in Lucy's hometown of Jamestown, New York.
She was awarded the 'Legacy of Laughter' award at the fifth Annual TV Land Awards in 2007.
In November 2007, Lucille Ball was chosen as the second out of the '50 Greatest TV Icons', after Johnny Carson.
In a poll done by the public, however, they chose her as the greatest icon.
The artist has discussed fixing the statue with town officials, but claimed they wanted him to do it at his own expense.
In 2015, Celoron's mayor said the town is looking to hire a different artist instead.
Ball will be played by Cate Blanchett in an untitled biographical film, to be written by Aaron Sorkin.
She was valedictorian and president of her Jackson County High School class at Jackson County High School.
After a short career as a teacher, she went to New York in the 1930s.
However, she is uncredited, and no such role is listed in the Internet Movie Database.
She died on February 17, 1984, in her native Scottsboro, Alabama, aged 69, from liver cancer.
She was cremated and her remains are in Cedar Hill Cemetery near the rear of Unclaimed Baggage Center. 
In addition to her television roles, she was known for her work as a voice actor in feature films.
Her father's death in 1928 prompted Mrs. Bliss and Lucille to move to San Francisco.
Bliss produced and directed talent shows for the Embarcadero Armed Services YMCA in San Francisco.
Bliss died from natural causes on November 8, 2012 at the age of 96.
An accomplished dancer, she was also considered to display potential as a dramatic actress.
Reportedly disappointed with her Hollywood career, she elected not to renew her contract and left the film industry.
After her divorce , she settled in La Jolla, California, where she owned a children's clothing boutique.

Between the Broadway run, US tour, and European tour, La Verne would give over 3,000 performances.
In the late 1920s, a Broadway theater was named for her for a short period of time.
She died in Culver City, California on March 4, 1945 at age 72, after suffering from cancer.
Lucille Lund was born in Buckley, Washington to Oluf and Laura Lund, and was of Norwegian descent.
After leaving school she joined a stock company, the Henry Duffy Players, and toured up and down the Pacific Coast.
Lund had roles in twenty-one films from 1935 through 1939, many of which were B-movies.
She married Kenneth Higgins, and would continue acting in commercials well into her 50s.
She died at her home in Rolling Hills, California in 2002, aged 88. 
 Lucille Ricksen Lucille Ricksen was an American motion picture actress during the silent film era.
Lucille Ricksen was born Ingeborg Myrtle Elisabeth Ericksen in Chicago on August 22, 1910.
She had an older brother, Marshall, who was born in 1907 in Chicago, who also appeared in early silent films.
Through these roles, Ricksen rose to fame and provided a revenue for her parents.
It was made in reaction to the death of Davenport's husband, actor Wallace Reid, as a result of a morphine addiction.
However, by early 1925, her condition worsened and she was diagnosed as having tuberculosis.
In late February 1925, Ingeborg succumbed to a fatal heart attack and collapsed on top of her bedridden daughter.
Afterwards, Ricksen spent her days being taken care of by others in the movie colony, including actress Lois Wilson.
She died two weeks after her mother's death, on March 13, 1925 at the age of fourteen.
After her death, the media wrote that her illness was caused by working non-stop for twelve years under poor conditions.
Her death was used as an example for parents not to exploit their children to the showcase its talent.
In the film, she is listed as a newcomer in 1929, four years after she had died in real life.

From 1910 to the end of 1914 Young appeared in thirty six films, most of which were short films.
She appeared in another eighteen films in 1915, which would be her biggest year.
She died following an unsuccessful surgery on August 2, 1934, in Los Angeles. 
Dickey was born and raised in Hutchinson, Kansas, where at the age of four, she began dancing.
After college, Dickey moved to Los Angeles and won a dance scholarship with the Roland DuPree Dance Academy.

Recurring in the first season; she was promoted as a main cast member in second season until the end of season three.
 Lucy Cotton Lucy Cotton was an American actress who appeared in 12 films between 1910 and 1921.
Cotton was born in Houston, Texas, USA and died in Miami Beach, Florida.
DeVito was born in New York City, New York, the daughter of actors Danny DeVito and Rhea Perlman.
She grew up in Los Angeles, California, alongside her sister Grace and brother Jacob.



The show was one of only a few American television shows to have an Asian American series lead.
Lucy Liu was born on December 2, 1968 in Jackson Heights, Queens, New York.
Liu's parents originally came from Beijing and Shanghai and emigrated to Taiwan before meeting in New York.
She learned to speak Mandarin at home and began studying English when she was 5.
Liu attended Joseph Pulitzer Middle School , and graduated from Stuyvesant High School in 1986.
Liu was discovered by an agent at the age of 19 while traveling on the subway.
Although she had originally tried out for only a supporting part, Liu was cast in the lead role.
Liu's part on the series was originally temporary, but high audience ratings secured Liu as a permanent cast member.
The film opened in November 2000 and earned more than $125 million in the United States.
Liu also starred with Antonio Banderas in ', a critical and box office failure.
She received the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Drama Guest Actress for this role.
In 2013, Liu was invited to become a member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
She began doing collage mixed media when she was 16 years old, and became a photographer and painter.
Liu attended the New York Studio School for drawing, painting, and sculpture from 2004 to 2006.
In September 2006, Liu held an art show and donated her share of the profits to UNICEF.
Liu has stated that she donated her share of the profits from the NYC Milk Gallery gallery show to UNICEF.
In London, portion of the proceeds from her book Seventy Two went to UNICEF.
The lump was removed just two days after the doctor's examination and was found to be benign.
Liu has studied various religions, such as Jewish mysticism, Buddhism, and Taoism.
Liu announced the birth of her son Rockwell Lloyd, who had been born via a gestational surrogate, on August 27, 2015. 
Saroyan was born in San Francisco, California, the daughter of the writer William Saroyan and the actress Carol Grace.
She also played small parts on Broadway, off-Broadway, and on TV, in addition to working as a film library archivist.
She was the first actor to win multiple Academy Awards and the first person to win them consecutively.
At the time of her death, she was the longest-lived individual ever to have received an Academy Award.
Rainer began acting in Germany at age 16, being trained by Austria's leading stage director, Max Reinhardt.
Within a few years, she had become a distinguished Berlin stage actress with Reinhardt's Vienna theater ensemble.
A number of filmmakers envisioned she might become another Greta Garbo, MGM's leading female star at the time.
Rainer said she became an actress to help expend her physical and overly emotional energy.
I am sure, though, that the experience first disclosed to me the entertainment world.
For years I longed to be able to walk on a tight wire, too.
She soon became a distinguished Berlin stage actress as a member of Reinhardt's Vienna theater ensemble.
He thought she would appeal to the same audience as Swedish MGM star Greta Garbo.
Stardom is bad because Hollywood makes too much of it, there is too much 'bowing down' before stars.
According to Higham, Irving Thalberg felt that only Rainer, of all the studio's stars, could play the part as he saw it.
Shortly after shooting began in late 1935, doubts of Rainer's ability to pull off the role emerged in the press.
On the evening of the Academy Award ceremonies, Rainer remained at home, not expecting to win.
When Mayer learned she had won, he sent MGM publicity head Howard Strickling racing to her home to get her.
A few months later, before the film was completed, Irving Thalberg died suddenly at the age of 37.
Furthermore, she began to fight for a higher salary, and was reported as being difficult and temperamental.
Rainer made her final film appearance for MGM in 1938 and abandoned the film industry.
In a later interview, Rainer commented about her disappearance from the movie industry: I was very young.
I was too honest, I talked serious instead of with my eyelashes and Hollywood thought I was cuckoo.
I began to feel a sense of responsibility to a job which I had started and never finished.
When Rainer returned to Hollywood, her contract at MGM had long expired and she had no agent.
Rainer had two granddaughters, Luisa and Nicole, and two great-grandchildren, Luca and Hunter.
She also appeared onstage at the National Theatre, where she was interviewed by Sir Christopher Frayling.
On September 5, 2011, Rainer travelled to Berlin to receive a star on the Boulevard der Stars.
Her star was among the twenty-first issued in 2011 and followed twenty that were issued in 2010.
Rainer died on December 30, 2014, in London at the age of 104 from pneumonia.
 Lule Warrenton Lule Warrenton was an American actress, director, and producer during the silent film era.
Following her time at Michigan, Warrenton began her stage career as an elocutionist at the University of Notre Dame.
Warrenton's son, Gilbert Warrenton, was often in charge of photography for many of his mother's motion pictures.
This drama club originated in the basement of the Hollywood Public Library, but eventually Y.W.C.A.
got involved and the group flourished, growing in size all the way up to the 175 members it contained in 1917.
She also had a daughter, Mrs. Virginia Zimmerman, who married a doctor in Los Angeles.
Upon her return to work from the disease, she was back in bed a day later, causing her to miss more time.
Warrenton stood at a height of five feet, six inches tall, weighed 150 pounds, and had long brown hair with blue eyes.
After her marriage, she and her husband moved to California to realize his dream of starting an automotive business.
With her husband's encouragement, she began with that simple job and parlayed it into a long stage and screen career.
In the film, she portrayed Yolanda Saldívar, the murderer of Tejano superstar Selena.
For that role, she was nominated for Best Supporting Actress in a Motion Picture at the 2000 Independent Spirit Awards.
She received an Emmy nomination as Best Guest Actress in a Comedy Series for this role.
Ontiveros died on July 26, 2012, at Presbyterian Hospital at the age 69 after a battle with liver cancer.
 Luxembourg Luxembourg , officially the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, is a landlocked country in western Europe.
It is bordered by Belgium to the west and north, Germany to the east, and France to the south.
With an area of , it is one of the smallest sovereign states in Europe.
Luxembourg had a population of 524,853 in October 2012, ranking it the 8th least-populous country in Europe.
The country served on the Security Council from 1 January 2013 until 31 December 2014.
Accordingly, Luxembourg is a trilingual country: Luxembourgish, French and German are official languages.
Around this fort, a town gradually developed, which became the centre of a state of great strategic value.
In the 14th and early 15th centuries, three members of the House of Luxembourg reigned as Holy Roman Emperors.
After the defeat of Napoleon in 1815, Luxembourg was disputed between Prussia and the Netherlands.
In August 1914, Imperial Germany violated Luxembourg's neutrality by invading it in its war against France.
This allowed Germany to use the railway lines, while at the same time denying them to France.
Luxembourg was liberated in September 1944, and became a founding member of the United Nations in 1945.
In 2005, a referendum on the EU treaty establishing a constitution for Europe was held in Luxembourg.
The Grand Duke has the power to dissolve the legislature, in which case new elections must be held within three months.
Luxembourg is divided into 3 districts, which are further divided into 12 cantons and then 106 communes.
Twelve of the communes have city status, of which the city of Luxembourg is the largest.
It also participates in the Schengen Group , whose goal is the free movement of citizens among member states.
Luxembourg contributes an army of about 800 soldiers and 100 civil servants to its defense and to NATO.
The northern third of the country is known as the 'Oesling', and forms part of the Ardennes.
Other mountains are the 'Buurgplaaz' at 559 metres near Huldange and the 'Napoléonsgaard' at 554 metres near Rambrouch.
The region is sparsely populated, with only one town with a population of more than four thousand people.
Little Switzerland, in the east of Luxembourg, has craggy terrain and thick forests.
The border between Luxembourg and Germany is formed by three rivers: the Moselle, the Sauer, and the Our.
Other major rivers are the Alzette, the Attert, the Clerve, and the Wiltz.
The valleys of the mid-Sauer and Attert form the border between the Gutland and the Oesling.
Luxembourg has an oceanic climate , marked by high precipitation, particularly in late summer.
External debt per capita is $3,696,467 and as a percentage of GDP it is 3443%, the world's highest by both measurements.
During the past decades, growth in the financial sector has more than compensated for the decline in steel production.
In 2013, Luxembourg is ranked as the 2nd safest tax haven in the world, behind Switzerland.
With $171 billion in May 2015, the country ranks eleventh in the world in holdings of U.S. Treasury securities.
There are plans to introduce trams in the capital and light-rail lines in adjacent areas within the next few years.
The regulator ILR – Institut Luxembourgeois de Régulation ensures the compliance to these legal rules.
The Internet IPV6 protocol has been introduced to the country by Restena and P&T Luxembourg.
Six data centers are Tier IV Design certified: three of ebrc, two of LuxConnect and one of European Data Hub.
Annually, over 10,000 new immigrants arrive in Luxembourg, mostly from the EU states, as well as Eastern Europe.
In 2000, there were 162,000 immigrants in Luxembourg, accounting for 37% of the total population.
Since the 1980s, an increasing number of novels have however been written in Luxembourgish.
German is usually the first language taught in school and is the language of much of the media and of the church.
Luxembourg is a secular state, but the state recognises certain religions as officially mandated religions.
Since 1980 it has been illegal for the government to collect statistics on religious beliefs or practices.
It retains a number of folk traditions, having been for much of its history a profoundly rural country.
It is also the uplink home of SES, carrier of major European satellite services for Germany and Britain.
Luxembourg City lies at the heart of Western Europe, situated by road from Brussels, from Paris, and from Cologne.
In the Roman era, a fortified tower guarded the crossing of two Roman roads that met at the site of Luxembourg city.
In 987 Egbert, Archbishop of Trier consecrated five altars in the Church of the Redemption .
At a Roman road intersection near the church, a marketplace appeared around which the city developed.
In about 1340, under the reign of John the Blind, new fortifications were built that stood until 1867.
In the 17th century, the first casemates were built; initially, Spain built of tunnels, starting in 1644.
Despite Luxembourg's best efforts to remain neutral in the First World War, it was occupied by Germany on 2 August 1914.
However, the victory never came, and Luxembourg would play host to the German high command for another four years.
The city was under long-range bombardment by the German V-3 cannon in December 1944 and January 1945.
In 1952, the city became the headquarters of the High Authority of the European Coal and Steel Community.
The highest points of Luxembourg: Kneiff 560 m Burgplatz 559 Napoleonsgaart 554 m Topography.
The commune of Luxembourg City covers an area of over , or 2% of the Grand Duchy's total area.
This makes the city the fourth-largest commune in Luxembourg, and by far the largest urban area.
Luxembourg City is subdivided into twenty-four quarters, which cover the commune in its entirety.
Under the Luxembourgian constitution, local government is centred on the city's communal council.
The city is nowadays considered a stronghold of the Democratic Party , which is the third-largest party nationally.
Currently, the Democratic Party is the largest party on the council, with eleven councillors.
The city's administration is headed by the mayor, who is the leader of the largest party on the communal council.
The majority of these institutions are located in the Kirchberg quarter, in the northeast of the city.
The Second World War Luxembourg American Cemetery and Memorial is located within the city limits of Luxembourg at Hamm.
This cemetery is the final resting place of 5,076 American military dead, including General George S. Patton.
There is also a memorial to 371 Americans whose remains were never recovered or identified.
Luxembourg is situated in the heart of Europe in the Gold Triangle between Frankfurt, Paris and Amsterdam.
The city also owns 5 free carparks, situated at the entry points of Luxembourg .
A new tramway going from the Cloche d'or to Findel International Airport will be completed in 2020-21.
It is owned by the state of Luxembourg and by the Luxemburgish railway company: the CFL.
It is connected to the German, Belgian and French railway network via several trains per hour.
Luxembourg is served by the only international airport in the country: Luxembourg Findel International Airport .
It is linked to the city centre by bus, but railway and tram links are planned.
The airport is the main base for the two Luxembourgish airlines, Luxair and Cargolux.
Luxembourg is a fellow member of the QuattroPole union of cities, along with Trier, Saarbrücken, and Metz .
She then returned to America, In 1931 she married Charles Morton, a young silent film actor.
Later a dispute over alimony payments would see Morton spending a few days behind bars.
As the possibility of war became more imminent she decided it prudent to return to America.
Sometime earlier she’d bluntly turned down an offer by a Nazi official to appear in German propaganda films.
A moment later Humphrey Bogart, who was also in the scene, joined Morgan in the serenade.
Lys' name continued to appear in the papers for a few years in columns giving fashion advice.
Lya Lys Feit died on 2 June 1986 at Hoag Memorial Hospital in Newport Beach, from heart failure at the age of 78.
She was survived by George Feit, her husband of 32 years, daughter Joyce Wells and two grandchildren.
At one time the two were neighbors at the Hotel Navarro near New York’s Central Park.
And to be popular you’d better be just as nice to the least important people as to the great ones.
Why, the man who brings you a drink of water today may be your director next week.” – Lya Lys 

She married Charlton Heston on March 17, 1944, and their marriage lasted for 64 years until his death on April 5, 2008.
Though her birth name is Lydia Marie Hearst-Shaw, she is known publicly and professionally as Lydia Hearst.
Hearst has covered countless fashion magazines in Italy, France, Korea, Japan, Latin America, and the United States.
In 2007, Hearst appeared in Puma's French 77, which led her to design a line of handbags for the collection.
In Spring of 2012, Swarovski launched its Heart Truth campaign naming Hearst as its ambassador.
As a child Lydia spent time on the set of John Waters' films with her mother, Patricia.

She was born in Tyner, Indiana and died in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles.


Carter was born in Phoenix, Arizona, the daughter of Juanita and Colby Carter.
Her father is of English and Scots-Irish ancestry, and her mother is of Mexican, Spanish and French descent.
When she was 16, she joined two of her cousins in another band called The Relatives.
Their first performance was in a San Francisco hotel so new that it had no sidewalk entrance.
Consequently, they played mostly to the janitors and hotel guests who parked their cars in the underground garage.
In the international 1972 Miss World pageant, representing the United States, she reached the semi-finals.
I never thought a picture of my body would be tacked up in men's bathrooms.
They did a mask of my face and put it on the doll, and they put my name on for the first run of it.
And then they took my name off and said they didn't have to pay me anymore.
So it's the kind of thing that you can be used so much in this industry.
It was around that time that Carter created her own production company, Potomac Productions.
Her first marriage was to her former talent agent, Ron Samuels, from 1977 to 1982.
In January 1984 Carter married Washington, D.C., attorney Robert A. Altman, law partner of Clark Clifford .
Carter and her husband have two children: James , and Jessica , and live in Potomac, Maryland.
In early June 2008 while rowing out of the Potomac Boat Club, Carter spotted a body floating in the Potomac River.
Christopher George died of a heart attack on November 28, 1983, at the age of 52.
She was married to George from 15 May 1970 until his death, on 28 November 1983, and had one daughter, Casey.
They filed suit to have her son from a previous marriage legally declared as Christopher's natural son.
He was unsuccessful, but was chosen by Senator John F. Kennedy of Massachusetts to be his running mate.
They went on to win the election and Johnson was sworn in as Vice President on January 20, 1961.
He is one of four people who have served as President and Vice President, as well as in both houses of Congress.
Johnson had one brother, Sam Houston Johnson , and three sisters; Rebekah , Josefa , and Lucia .
Baines, the grandfather of Johnson's mother, was also the president of Baylor University during the American Civil War.
He graduated from Johnson City High School , having participated in public speaking, debate, and baseball.
In the months following his graduation, Johnson moved to California amid pressure by his parents to go to college.
The job helped him to save money to complete his education, and he graduated in 1930.
Hopkins recommended him to Congressman Richard M. Kleberg, who made Johnson his legislative secretary.
They had two daughters, Lynda Bird, born in 1944, and Luci Baines, born in 1947.
Johnson gave his children names with the LBJ initials; his dog was Little Beagle Johnson.
His was the LBJ Ranch; his initials were on his cufflinks, ashtrays, and clothes.
Johnson, a notoriously tough boss throughout his career, often demanded long workdays and work on weekends.
He served in the House from April 10, 1937, to January 3, 1949.
Following his training, he asked Undersecretary of the Navy James Forrestal for a combat assignment.
He was sent instead to inspect the shipyard facilities in Texas and on the West Coast.
In the spring of 1942, President Roosevelt needed his own reports on what conditions were like in the Southwest Pacific.
A colonel took Johnson's allocated seat on one bomber, and it was shot down with no survivors.
Johnson reported to Roosevelt, to the Navy leaders, and to Congress that conditions were deplorable and unacceptable.
He argued that the South West Pacific urgently needed a higher priority and a larger share of war supplies.
Election judge Luis Salas said in 1977 that he had certified 202 fraudulent ballots for Johnson.
Stevenson went to court, but Johnson prevailed—with timely help from his friend Abe Fortas.
In the 1952 general election Republicans won a majority in both the House and Senate.
Johnson's duties were to schedule legislation and help pass measures favored by the Democrats.
Historians Caro and Dallek consider Lyndon Johnson the most effective Senate majority leader in history.
Caro suggests that Johnson's hesitancy was the result of an overwhelming fear of failure.
Johnson received 409 votes on the only ballot at the Democratic convention, which nominated John F. Kennedy.
From that point to the actual nomination that evening, the facts are in dispute in many respects.
Caro's research showed that on July 14, John Kennedy started the process while Johnson was still asleep.
Johnson refused to accept a change in plans unless it came directly from John Kennedy.
At the same time as his Vice Presidential run, Johnson also sought a third term in the U.S. Senate.
House Speaker Sam Rayburn wrangled the appointment from Kennedy in exchange for support of an administration bill.
Kennedy assigned priority to the space program, but Johnson's appointment provided potential cover in case of a failure.
One witness alleged that Baker had arranged for the witness to give kickbacks for the Vice President.
Johnson's presidency took place during a healthy economy, with steady growth and low unemployment.
Regarding the rest of the world, there were no serious controversies with major countries.
Attention therefore focused on domestic policy, and, after 1966, on the Vietnam War.
He was sworn in by U.S. District Judge Sarah T. Hughes, a family friend.
This was greeted by some with assertions that Johnson was in too much haste to assume power.
On April 5, Johnson wrote a letter to the United States House of Representatives urging passage of the Fair Housing Act.
He made education the top priority of the Great Society agenda, with an emphasis on helping poor children.
The bill sought to double federal spending on education from $4 billion to $8 billion.
Johnson set in motion legislation creating programs such as Head Start, food stamps and Work Study.
Johnson's initial effort to improve healthcare was the creation of The Commission on Heart Disease, Cancer and Strokes .
Combined, these diseases accounted for 71 percent of the nation's deaths in 1962.
As a back-up position, in 1965 Johnson turned his focus to hospital insurance for the aged under Social Security.
Johnson maintained his staunch support of Apollo through Congressional and press controversy, and the program recovered.
The momentum for the advancement of civil rights came to a sudden halt in the summer of 1965, with the riots in Watts.
The biggest wave of riots came April 1968 in over a hundred cities after the assassination of Martin Luther King.
Newark burned in 1967, where six days of rioting left 26 dead, 1500 injured, and the inner city a burned out shell.
Johnson created the Kerner Commission to study the problem of urban riots, headed by Illinois Governor Otto Kerner.
Johnson immediately reversed Kennedy's order to withdraw 1,000 military personnel by the end of 1963.
By the end of 1964, there were approximately 23,000 military personnel in South Vietnam.
The request was approved by the House 408 to 7 and by the Senate 88 to 3.
Gen. Westmoreland shortly thereafter recommended the president further increase ground troops from 82,000 to 175,000.
Polls showed that beginning in 1965, the public was consistently 40–50 percent hawkish and 10–25 percent dovish.
His goal was not to adjust his policies to follow opinion, but rather to adjust opinion to support his policies.
To President Johnson, this criticism of American foreign policy on American soil was an intolerable sin.
Before Pearson had finished his speech, he was summoned to Camp David, Maryland, to meet with Johnson the next day.
Lodge, Gen. Westmoreland, the Vietnamese Chief of State Nguyen Van Thieu and Prime Minister Nguyen Cao Ky.
The administration pressured Ky to hasten a transfer of power to an assembly but he demurred.
Public as well as political impatience with the war began to emerge in the spring of 1966.
Humphrey, Rusk and McNamara all agreed; the bombing began the end of June.
The gap with Hanoi was an unbridgeable demand on both sides for a unilateral end to bombing and withdrawal of forces.
For Johnson it was a fleeting public relations success—confirmed by a 63 percent Vietnam approval rating in November.
By year's end it was clear that current pacification efforts were ineffectual, as had been the air campaign.
Johnson then agreed to McNamara's new recommendation to add 70,000 troops in 1967 to the 400,000 previously committed.
The increased bombing began despite initial secret talks in being held in Saigon, Hanoi and Warsaw.
Ho Chi Minh declared that the only solution was a unilateral withdrawal by the U.S.
In March Robert Kennedy assumed a more public opposition to the war in a Senate speech.
In June a decisive 66% of the country said they had lost confidence in the President's leadership.
The United States could reasonably expect that country to then assume responsibility for the election outcome.
The CIA was reporting wide food shortages in Hanoi and an unstable power grid, as well as military manpower reductions.
By the middle of 1967 nearly 70,000 Americans had been killed or wounded in the war.
There was no response, but Johnson pursued the possibility of negotiations with such a bombing pause.
Fellow Democrat Tip O'Neill joined the ranks of those opposed to the war in late 1967.
Johnson was confident that Hanoi would await the 1968 US election results before deciding to negotiate.
As casualties mounted and success seemed further away than ever, Johnson's popularity plummeted.
By late summer, he realized that Nixon was closer to his position than Humphrey.
When the talks failed to yield any results the decision was made to resort to private discussions in Paris.
Two months later it was apparent that private discussions proved to be no more productive.
After the election, Johnson's primary focus on Vietnam was to get Saigon to join the Paris peace talks.
In two weeks in May 1968 alone American deaths numbered 1,800 with total casualties at 18,000.
In May 1967, the Soviets started a surge deployment of their naval forces into the East Mediterranean.
The Soviet naval squadron in the Mediterranean was sufficiently strong to act as a major restraint on the U.S. Navy.
During his presidency, Johnson issued 1187 pardons and commutations, granting over 20 percent of such requests.
Initially, no prominent Democratic candidate was prepared to run against a sitting president of the Democratic Party.
The third group were Catholics, Hispanics and African Americans, who rallied behind Robert Kennedy.
Woods said Johnson realized he needed to leave in order for the nation to heal.
Dallek says that Johnson had no further domestic goals, and realized that his personality had eroded his popularity.
He reportedly said that if Rockefeller became the Republican nominee, he would not campaign against him .
However, Fortas's nomination was filibustered by senators and neither nominee was voted upon by the full Senate.
Johnson's cowboy hat and boots reflected his Texas roots and genuine love of the rural hill country.
That year, the Lyndon Baines Johnson Library and Museum opened on the campus of The University of Texas at Austin.
It was the first time that Connally and Johnson were on opposite sides of a general election campaign.
Johnson had grown dangerously heavier since leaving the White House, gaining more than and weighing around .
The chest pains hit him nearly every afternoon—a series of sharp, jolting pains that left him scared and breathless.
The agents rushed to the former President's bedroom, finding him unresponsive with the phone receiver still in his hand.
Dr. George Davis, the church's pastor, and W. Marvin Watson, former postmaster general.
Johnson was buried in his family cemetery , a few yards from the house in which he was born.
The Lyndon Baines Johnson Memorial Grove on the Potomac was dedicated on September 27, 1974.
The Lyndon B. Johnson School of Public Affairs was named in his honor, as is the Lyndon B. Johnson National Grassland.
This marked the beginning of construction of the hospital located in the village of Faga'alu, American Samoa.
The student center at Texas State University is named after the former president and graduate.
Fonseca was born in Oakland, California, the daughter of Lima Lynn and James Victor Fonseca.
Her father is of Portuguese descent, and her mother is of half Portuguese ancestry.
Her stepfather is an attorney Reid Dworkin, and her younger half-sister is Hannah Dworkin.
Fonseca was raised first in Alameda; after her mother remarried, she moved to Oakland, and then to Moraga.
She then relocated to Los Angeles for her first pilot season at age 13, in the middle of the school year.
Since the end of her contract, Fonseca has booked many roles in television and films.
The couple split in July 2012 and Fonseca filed for divorce in 2013, citing irreconcilable differences. 
Johnson added the hyphen to her name after her roommate signed Johnson's name that way.
In most of her early films, Bari had uncredited parts usually playing receptionists or chorus girls.
She struggled to find starring roles in films, but accepted any work she could get.
Not the least of her troubles in the role was being able to hire a general manager who didn't fall in love with her.
Bari was the only daughter of John Maynard Fisher, a native of Tennessee, and his wife, Marjorie Halpen of New York.
Fisher died in 1920, and his widow moved the family to Lynchburg, Virginia.
Here Bari's mother met and married the Reverend Robert Bizer, a Religious Science minister.
Assigned a position with his church in Boston, Bizer moved the family to Massachusetts.
She determined to eliminate hers, becoming involved with amateur theatrics and taking elocution lessons.
After reading a story about the Italian city of Bari, she decided to change the spelling.
Bari's promising career was sabotaged by unresolved problems with her domineering, alcoholic mother and three marriages.
Bari was married to agent Walter Kane, producer Sid Luft and psychiatrist Dr. Nathan Rickles.
After retiring from acting in the 1970s, Bari moved to Santa Monica, California.
On November 20, 1989, Bari was found dead in her home of an apparent heart attack.
Lynn was enrolled by her mother in acting classes as a way to overcome the child's natural bashfulness.
The training helped her to land the better parts in class plays and some small roles in Western films shot in Arizona.
The blonde Borden won scholarships as the 1957 Miss Arizona and hence as a contestant in the 1958 Miss America pageant.
She enrolled at the University of Arizona–Tucson, where she earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in theater.
During this time, she performed theater work in Tucson, and garnered small parts in movies .
They're cute, they won't harm you, and they're good luck.
You know, kiss the frog and marry a prince, that kind of thing.
If I see a frog, real or otherwise, I'll always stop to look at it.
On March 3, 2015, Lynn Borden died in Encino, California, following an extended illness. 
In addition to singing, Carey also co-wrote two songs for the soundtrack with composer Stu Phillips.
Lynn and the band are seen performing in another Russ Meyer film called The Seven Minutes.
During the 1990s and in the early 2000s, she performed in Russia on several different occasions.
Lynn credits her father with introducing her to the world of jazz music and foreign film. 
She married, secondly, to Edward Carlin, with whom she had two children.
She was born Doralyn Emma Cartwright in McAlester, Oklahoma, the daughter of U.S.
Cartwright was married to actor/writer Leo Gordon from February 14, 1950 until his death on December 26, 2000.

Collins was born in Houston, Texas, and has English, Scottish, Irish, and Cherokee ancestry.
During a childhood Christmas pageant in which she played Mrs. Claus, Collins discovered her love for acting.
She attended the Juilliard School's Drama Division where she graduated with a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree.
Collins married then 21-year-old actor Steven Strait on December 23, 2007 after a four-year relationship.
Carver was born Virginia Reid Sampson on September 13, 1916, in Birmingham, Alabama.
Virginia went to Hollywood at a young age to pursue a career in acting after winning a beauty pageant.
The slowdown of work in Hollywood due to World War II caused her career to stall.
She was married to theatrical agent William Mullaney, lived in New York, and had a busy stage and TV career until 1954.
Carver died at Memorial Hospital in New York City after a year-long battle against cancer, on August 12, 1955 aged 38.
 Lynne Lipton Lynne Lipton is an American film, stage, television and voice actress.
She was in the Second City company in Chicago in the 1969-70, and The Committee in Los Angeles and San Francisco.
She taught English in high school briefly while studying theatre and dance at the University of Illinois.
Thigpen moved to New York City in 1971 to begin her career as a stage actress.
Her voice was also heard on over 20 audio books, primarily works with socially relevant themes.
She was entombed next to her parents at Elmhurst Cemetery in her hometown of Joliet, Illinois.
 Lynne Wintersteller Lynne Wintersteller is an American actress best known for her work in the theatre.
A critical success, the show ran for 312 performances and a CD recording was made on the RCA Victor label.
For her performance in the production she was nominated for a Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Actress in a Musical.
Wintersteller is a graduate of the University of Maryland, College Park and Ohio State University . 
 Lynsey Bartilson Lynsey Marie Bartilson is an American film, television, and stage actress.
Mary Ellen Dowd was born in Chicago, Illinois, the daughter of John J. Dowd and Catherine Dowd.
After high school, she studied at the Goodman Theatre in Chicago before moving to New York City.
In 1962, she married Henri G. Eudes, a native of France and restaurateur by vocation.
She died on September 26, 2012 at her home in Tarrytown, New York, aged 79. 
Albertson's mother, a stock actress, supported the family by working in a shoe factory.
Aged 81, Albertson died of Alzheimer's disease on September 28, 1982, in Santa Monica, California.
Her brother Jack Albertson, who had died ten months before, also had his ashes scattered there. 
 Mabel Normand Mabel Normand was an American silent film actress, screenwriter, director and producer.
Born Mabel Ethelreid Normand in New Brighton, Staten Island, New York, she grew up in a working-class family.
Chaplin had considerable initial difficulty adjusting to the demands of film acting and his performance suffered for it.
Earlier that same year, in January producer F. Richard Jones, who had directed her at Keystone.
She was born in New York, New York and began acting at age 4.
She died in Van Nuys, California from a heart attack on February 9, 1954.
Taliaferro was a sister of film and stage actress Edith Taliaferro and the cousin of actress Bessie Barriscale.
 Mabel Van Buren Mabel Van Buren was an American stage and screen actress from Chicago, Illinois.
Van Buren had dark hair, brown eyes, and was five feet three inches tall.
Mabel was the first leading lady of the Famous Players-Lasky studio on Vine Street in Hollywood, California.
She died of pneumonia in 1947, age 69, at St. Vincent's Hospital.
Macey has trained in numerous acting and auditioning workshops in Los Angeles and her hometown of Frisco, Texas.
She's also done numerous commercials, including Toyota, McDonald's, TJ Maxx and others, as well as print work.
Additionally, she had the opportunity to work with one of her best friends, actress Jordan-Claire Green, in the movie.
She is an avid animal lover and is particularly fond of her little Maltese puppy, Gidget.
Cruthird has a sister named Bailey who is a successful singer and also guest starred in one episode of Hope & Faith.
She was born the same day as the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon.
Firgens was born in Burbank, California and was raised by her father and mother.
Her high school lacked a drama club so she started one and starred in its first production.
She submerged herself in acting, voice, movement and speech, further honing those early dreams into marketable skills.
Eventually she found her way back to the West Coast and performed with the Tony Award winning San Francisco Mime Troupe.
Soon after she finished an undergraduate degree from San Francisco State University's Theatre Department.
Best Actress nomination at Down Beach Film Festival for her role as Helen in the film GERALD with Mickey Rooney- 09 
She was cast as Carol Morrison, a young girl accidentally picked up by hot rodding teenager John Milner.
Because of California state law, producer Gary Kurtz became Phillips' legal guardian during the filming.
During the show's third season in 1977, Phillips was arrested for disorderly conduct.
Because of her drug and alcohol abuse, Phillips began arriving late and was even incoherent for rehearsals.
However, in 1982, Phillips resumed her cocaine use and the following year, she collapsed on the show's set.
When she refused to take a drug test, she was fired again, and this time for good.
In 1992 she entered a long-term drug rehabilitation program and underwent intensive treatment for nine months.
Jessica Woods, daughter of Denny Doherty, said that her father had told her that he knew of the relationship. 

The nation comprises the island of Madagascar , as well as numerous smaller peripheral islands.
Consequently, Madagascar is a biodiversity hotspot; over 90% of its wildlife is found nowhere else on Earth.
These were joined around AD 1000 by Bantu migrants crossing the Mozambique Channel from East Africa.
The autonomous state of Madagascar has since undergone four major constitutional periods, termed republics.
Since 1992, the nation has officially been governed as a constitutional democracy from its capital at Antananarivo.
In 2012, the population of Madagascar was estimated at just over 22 million, 90% of whom live on less than $2 per day.
The majority of the population adheres to traditional beliefs, Christianity, or an amalgamation of both.
The country lies mostly between latitudes 12°S and 26°S, and longitudes 43°E and 51°E.
To the west of this ridge lies a plateau in the center of the island ranging in altitude from above sea level.
Tropical cyclones annually cause damage to infrastructure and local economies as well as loss of life.
The storm killed 172 people, left 214,260 homeless and caused more than US$250 million in damage.
Three-fourths of Madagascar's 860 orchid species are found here alone, as are six of the world's eight baobab species.
Like its flora, Madagascar's fauna is diverse and exhibits a high rate of endemism.
A number of other mammals, including the cat-like fossa, are endemic to Madagascar.
Over 300 species of birds have been recorded on the island, of which over 60 percent are endemic.
Since the arrival of humans around 2,350 years ago, Madagascar has lost more than 90 percent of its original forest.
As human population density rose on the island, deforestation accelerated beginning around 1400 years ago.
By the 16th century, the central highlands had been largely cleared of their original forests.
Habitat destruction and hunting have threatened many of Madagascar's endemic species or driven them to extinction.
By contrast, a previous study in 2008 had found only 38 percent of lemur species were at risk of extinction.
In either case, these dates make Madagascar one of the last major landmasses on Earth to be settled by humans.
Upon arrival, early settlers practiced slash-and-burn agriculture to clear the coastal rainforests for cultivation.
By 600 AD groups of these early settlers had begun clearing the forests of the central highlands.
They introduced the zebu, a type of long-horned humped cattle, which they kept in large herds.
European contact began in 1500, when the Portuguese sea captain Diogo Dias sighted the island.
Following almost a century of warring and famine, Imerina was reunited in 1793 by King Andrianampoinimerina .
Army organization was improved, and British consultants were employed to train and professionalize soldiers.
A French military flying column then marched toward Antananarivo, losing many men to malaria and other diseases.
Under colonial rule, plantations were established for the production of a variety of export crops.
Additional schools were built, particularly in rural and coastal areas where the schools of the Merina had not reached.
Education became mandatory between the ages of 6 to 13 and focused primarily on French language and practical skills.
The Malagasy Republic was proclaimed on 14 October 1958, as an autonomous state within the French Community.
Colonel Richard Ratsimandrava, appointed to succeed him, was assassinated six days into his tenure.
This period saw a political alignment with the Eastern Bloc countries and a shift toward economic insularity.
The new constitution also emphasized human rights, social and political freedoms, and free trade.
National GDP grew at an average rate of 7 percent per year under his administration.
The public directly elects the president and the 127 members of the National Assembly to five-year terms.
At the local level, the island's 22 provinces are administered by a governor and provincial council.
It is located in the highlands region, near the geographic center of the island.
In 1896 the French colonizers of Madagascar adopted the Merina capital as their center of colonial administration.
The Minister of the Interior is responsible for the national police force, paramilitary force and the secret police.
The political crisis of 1991 led to the suspension of IMF and World Bank assistance.
The IMF agreed to write off half Madagascar's debt in 2004 under the Ravalomanana administration.
Madagascar's GDP in 2009 was estimated at 8.6 billion USD, with a per capita GDP of $438.
Approximately 69 percent of the population lives below the national poverty line threshold of one dollar per day.
The agriculture sector constituted 29 percent of Malagasy GDP in 2011, while manufacturing formed 15 percent of GDP.
Agriculture, including raffia, fishing and forestry, is a mainstay of the economy.
The main sources of Madagascar's imports include France, China, Iran, Mauritius and Hong Kong.
In 2010, Madagascar had approximately of paved roads, of railways and of navigable waterways.
The majority of roads in Madagascar are unpaved, with many becoming impassable in the rainy season.
Mobile telephone and internet access are widespread in urban areas but remain limited in rural parts of the island.
Hundreds of public and private stations with local or regional range provide alternatives to state broadcasting.
The media has historically come under varying degrees of pressure over time to censor their criticism of the government.
Private health centers are concentrated within urban areas and particularly those of the central highlands.
Despite these barriers to access, health services have shown a trend toward improvement over the past twenty years.
The Malagasy fertility rate in 2009 was 4.6 children per woman, declining from 6.3 in 1990.
The infant mortality rate in 2011 was 41 per 1,000 births, with an under-five mortality rate at 61 per 1,000 births.
Adult life expectancy in 2009 was 63 years for men and 67 years for women.
The schools were closed by Ranavalona I in 1835 but reopened and expanded in the decades after her death.
Primary school fees were eliminated and kits containing basic school supplies were distributed to primary students.
At least one upper secondary school is located in each of the larger urban centers.
The three branches of the national public university are located at Antananarivo , Mahajanga and Fianarantsoa .
As a result of increased educational access, enrollment rates more than doubled between 1996 and 2006.
However, education quality is weak, producing high rates of grade repetition and dropout.
Public expenditure on education was 13.4 percent of total government expenditure and 2.9 percent of GDP in 2008.
Primary classrooms are crowded, with average pupil to teacher ratios of 47:1 in 2008.
Chinese, Indian and Comorian minorities are present in Madagascar, as well as a small European populace.
The number of Europeans has declined since independence, reduced from 68,430 in 1958 to 17,000 three decades later.
There were an estimated 25,000 Comorans, 18,000 Indians, and 9,000 Chinese living in Madagascar in the mid-1980s.
The population grew from 2.2 million in 1900 to an estimated 22 million in 2012.
Only two general censuses, in 1975 and 1993, have been carried out after independence.
French became the official language during the colonial period, when Madagascar came under the authority of France.
English was removed as an official language from the constitution approved by voters in the November referendum 2010.
It is widely believed that by showing respect for ancestors in these ways, they may intervene on behalf of the living.
Conversely, misfortunes are often attributed to ancestors whose memory or wishes have been neglected.
The sacrifice of zebu is a traditional method used to appease or honor the ancestors.
In addition, the Malagasy traditionally believe in a creator god, called Zanahary or Andriamanitra.
Today, many Christians integrate their religious beliefs with traditional ones related to honoring the ancestors.
Madagascar sent its first competitors to the Olympic Games in 1964 and has also competed in the African Games.
Her career spanned over five decades, and, in 1986, she was inducted into the Black Filmmakers Hall of Fame.
Sul-Te-Wan was the first African American actor, male or female, to sign a film contract and be a featured performer.
Nellie Crawford was born in Louisville, Kentucky, USA to freed slaves Cleon De Londa and Silas Crawford.
Young Nellie became enchanted by watching the young actresses rehearse when she delivered laundry for her mother.
They had three sons, but Conley abandoned his family when the third one was only three weeks old.
However, there is no merit to the claim and the two women are unrelated.
At age 77, Sul-Te-Wan married for the second time, to French interior designer Antone Ebenthur.
Born Madeleine Cornman in Manhattan, New York, she began her career as a child actress in the 1980s.
Throughout the 1990s and 2000s, Corman has frequently appeared on numerous popular American television series.
While at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Curley became a member of the Alpha Chi Omega sorority.
She has also appeared in numerous stage productions in the United States and United Kingdom.
Potter , an American diplomat who served in the OSS, and his wife, the former Madeleine Mulqueen Daly .
She was married to Patrick Fitzgerald, an Irish-born American actor, whom she wed in 1990.

 Madeline Hurlock Madeline Hurlock was a silent film actress, hailing from Federalsburg, Maryland.
Her parents divorced when Kahn was two, and she and her mother moved to New York City.
In 1953, Freda married Hiller Kahn, who later adopted Madeline; she eventually changed her name to Paula Kahn.
So if I was to come back the next summer to earn more money during the next year I'd better know that aria.
And I don't know if that was an opera but it was very hard to sing.
I mean basically I feel as though I was asked to do it and I did it.
She left the latter show early in its run, yielding the role to her understudy, Judy Kaye.
The film was a critical and financial disaster, but Kahn largely escaped blame for the film's failure.
After her success in Brooks' films, she played in a number of less successful films in the 1980s.
The disease spread rapidly, and she died on December 3, 1999, at age 57.
A bench dedicated to her memory was erected in Central Park by her husband John Hansbury and her brother Jeffrey Kahn.
Copies of the original cast list are hard to verify as many records have been lost.
She organized the National Student Union at Walton High School in the Bronx, for which she was expelled from the school.
Gilford met her future husband, Jack Gilford, at a political meeting for left wing causes in 1947.
The couple were married in 1949 and remained together for forty years until Jack's death in 1990.
Both Madeline and Jack were both subpoenaed and blacklisted during the McCarthy Era for much of the 1950s.
At the same hearing, Gilford was questioned about the 1942 May Day Parade which she had participated in.
Several years later, Madeline Lee Gilford encountered Jerome Robbins at a New Year's Eve party.
She took a leading role in demonstrations during the American Civil Rights Movement of the 1960s.
She has survived by her daughter, Lisa, two sons, Joe and Sam, and three grandchildren.
Her funeral was held on April 17, 2008, at the Riverside Memorial Chapel on Manhattan's Upper West Side. 
Zima was born in New Haven, Connecticut, the daughter of Marie and Dennis.
Zima has two younger sisters, Vanessa and Yvonne, both of whom are also actresses.
She was also nominated thirteen times for a Young Artist Award at the Young Artist Awards: 
Born in New York, the twins were mainly educated by private tutors at home and while traveling.
At first Marion desired to be an dramatic actress while Madeline aspired to playing comedic roles.
The Fairbanks sisters appeared with Teddie Gerard in the cast of the Florenz Ziegfeld Midnight Frolic in August 1920.
By 1932, Marion was on stage separately at the Waldorf Theatre, New York City.
1930s news accounts reported that she operated a beauty parlor and directed a branch of a cosmetics manufacturer.
In her later years she knew much unhappiness and struggled with the temptations of alcohol.
She lived in New York until early 1989, where she died of respiratory failure. 
Her career declined in the sound era, and ended following a romantic scandal in the 1940s.
Bellamy was born Margaret Derden Philpott in Hillsboro, Texas in 1899 to William Bledsoe and Annie Margaret Philpott.
As a child, she took dancing lessons and soon began to aspire to become a stage performer.
Shortly before she was to graduate from high school, Bellamy left home for New York City.
While a member of the company, Bellamy shot a screen test for director Thomas H. Ince.
In November 1920, she signed a three-year contract with Ince's newly formed Triangle Film Corporation.
Reviews for the film were generally positive with critics noting that Bellamy's voice was weak.
The film was a moderate success but received mixed reviews while Bellamy's performance was generally panned by critics .
Bellamy had been having an affair with Murphy for five years before he ended the relationship in October 1942.
She later admitted that she waited around Murphy's apartment in the Nob Hill area for four days.
She fired three times, hitting Murphy's car twice while the third shot missed.
The shooting and divorce filing generated publicity for Bellamy, but effectively ended her already fading career.
She did, however, have some holdings in real estate and owned a retail shop in which she worked to support herself.
On January 10, 1990, she checked into the San Antonio Community Hospital in Upland, California for treatment.
Blake was born in Kinsley in Edwards County in south central Kansas, to Albert Cummings and the former Alice Stone.
Adam West, with whom she had become friends, stood up for her and she kept her job.
She had one son, Jim, who was a high school teacher and basketball coach at Chaffey High School in Ontario, California.
Born in Manhattan as Margherita Evans, Madge Evans was featured in print ads as the 'Fairy Soap girl' as an infant.
She made her professional debut at the age of six months, posing for artist's models.
As a youth, her playmates included Robert Warwick, Holbrook Blinn, and Henry Hull.
When she was four years old, Evans was featured in a series of child plays produced by William A. Brady.
Her success was immediate, so much so that her mother loaned her daughter's name to a hat company.
As with theater, she continued to play ingenue parts, often as the fiancé of the leading man.
She played the love interest to both Al Jolson and Henry Morgan in the 1933 film Hallelujah, I'm a Bum.
Following her marriage to Kingsley, Evans left Hollywood and moved to the New Jersey home.
Madge Evans died at her home in Oakland, New Jersey from cancer in 1981, aged 71. 
 Madge Kennedy Madge Kennedy was a movie and stage actress of the silent film era.
Luis Mora saw her art work and recommended that she go to Siasconset for a summer.
The Siasconset colony was evenly divided among actors and artists, and painters often gave theatrical performances.
Soon she was in Cleveland, Ohio where Robert McLaughlin gave her work with his stock company.
In the late Teens she would leave the stage for three years to appear in moving pictures for Samuel Goldwyn .
Produced by Henry Savage, the play, taken from the writing of Dodson Mitchell, offered Kennedy a dual role.
After Broadway, Sam Goldwyn of Goldwyn Pictures signed Kennedy to a big movie contract.
She was written into the full script by the program's creator, Elaine Sterne Carrington.
Bolster died on August 3, 1927 from an illness he contracted months before during a business trip to South America.
He was a member of the New York banking firm of Bennett, Bolster & Coghill.
Bolster was 38 and a veteran of World War I. Kennedy inherited more than $500,000 when he died.
She wed William B. Hanley, Jr., in Kingman, Arizona, on August 13, 1934.
She also voiced the character of Sarabi, Mufasa's mate and Simba's mother, in the animated feature film The Lion King.
She was a teacher in Jamaica until 1968 when she left for New York to pursue her career in acting.
Sinclair was married to Royston Sinclair, a police officer, and had two sons, Garry Sinclair and Wayne Sinclair.
 Madisen Beaty Madisen Beaty is an American actress based in the Los Angeles, California area.
For this role, she won the Young Artist Award for Best Performance in a TV Series – Guest Starring Young Actress.
 Madison Riley Madison Riley Aplanalp, better known as Madison Riley, is an American actress. 

 Madrid Madrid is a south-western European city and the capital and largest municipality of Spain.
The population of the city is almost 3.2 million and that of the Madrid metropolitan area, around 7 million.
Madrid is the 17th most livable city in the world according to Monocle magazine, in its 2014 index.
Madrid organizes fairs such as FITUR, ARCO, SIMO TCI and the Cibeles Madrid Fashion Week.
Madrid is home to two world-famous football clubs, Real Madrid and Atlético de Madrid.
Nevertheless, it is also speculated that the origin of the current name of the city comes from the 2nd century BC.
After the disintegration of the Caliphate of Córdoba, Madrid was integrated in the Taifa of Toledo.
Christians replaced Muslims in the occupation of the center of the city, while Muslims and Jews settled in the suburbs.
Since 1188, Madrid won the right to be a city with representation in the courts of Castile.
Since the unification of the kingdoms of Spain under a common Crown, the Courts were convened in Madrid more often.
When Francis I of France was captured at the battle of Pavia, he was imprisoned in Madrid.
And in the village is dated the Treaty of Madrid of 1526 that resolved their situation.
The death of Charles II of Spain resulted in the War of the Spanish succession.
Charles III took upon himself the feat of transforming Madrid into a capital worthy of this category.
In the absence of the two kings, the situation became more and more tense in the capital.
The crowd saw the French soldiers pulled out of the palace to the royal family members who were still in the palace.
However, in the early 20th century Madrid looked more like a small town than a modern city.
During the first third of the 20th century the population nearly doubled, reaching more than 950,000 inhabitants.
The Spanish Constitution of 1931 was the first legislated on the state capital, setting it explicitly in Madrid.
Madrid was one of the most heavily affected cities of Spain in the Civil War .
The municipality was extended, annexing neighbouring council districts, to achieve the present extension of .
In 1979, the first municipal elections brought Madrid's first democratically elected mayor since the Second Republic.
The first democratic mayors belonged to the leftist parties , turning the city after more conservative positions .
The City Council consists of 57 members, one of them being the Mayor, currently Manuela Carmena.
The Plenary of the Council is the body of political representation of the citizens in the municipal government.
Madrid has tended to be a stronghold of the People's Party , which has controlled the city's mayoralty since 1989.
Due to Madrid's altitude and dry climate, diurnal ranges are often significant during the summer.
In 2011 services accounted for 85.9% of value added, while industry contributed 7.9% and construction 6.1%.
Following the recession, services and industry were forecast to return to growth in 2014, and construction in 2015.
m. in early 2014, and is shown as second only to London in a list of 22 European cities.
41% of economically active people are university graduates, against 24% for Spain as a whole.
In 2011, the unemployment rate was 15.8%, remaining lower than in Spain as a whole.
Services to business, transport & communications, property & financial together account for 52% of total value added.
The Spanish central bank, Bank of Spain, has existed in Madrid since 1782.
Madrid is an important centre for trade fairs, many of them coordinated by IFEMA, the Trade Fair Institution of Madrid.
Spending by tourists in Madrid was estimated at €9,546.5M, or 7.7% of the city’s GDP.
The construction of transport infrastructure has been vital to maintain the economic position of Madrid.
Also important to the city's economy is Madrid-Barajas Airport, the fourth largest airport in Europe.
Industries based on advanced technology are acquiring much more importance here than in the rest of Spain.
However, industry has slowly declined within the city boundaries as more industry has moved outward to the periphery.
Industrial Gross Value Added grew by 4.3% in the period 2003-2005, but decreased by 10% during 2008-2010.
More recently the construction sector has fallen away and earned 8% less in 2009 than it had been in 2000.
The Auditorio Nacional de Música is the main venue for classical music concerts in Madrid.
The theatre stages around seventeen opera titles per year, as well as two or three major ballets and several recitals.
The Teatro de la Zarzuela is mainly devoted to Zarzuela , as well as operetta and recitals.
Madrid is home to La Liga football club giants Real Madrid, who play their home games at the Santiago Bernabéu.
Real Madrid is one of the most prestigious football clubs of the world , having won a record 10 European Cups.
Madrid is one of only four cities in Europe to contain two UEFA 5-star stadia: the Bernabéu and the Vicente Calderón.
Rayo Vallecano and Getafe CF are two further teams from the Madrid area currently playing in La Liga.
Madrid boasts a prominent place in Spanish basketball, with two clubs in the country's top-level Liga ACB.
Madrid's other professional basketball club is Estudiantes that have won 3 Spanish Cup championships.
Las Ventas is considered by many to be the world centre of bullfighting and has a seating capacity of almost 25,000.
Some of them are among the oldest in the world, and many of them are the most prestigious universities in Spain.
It is located on two campuses, in the university quarter Ciudad Universitaria at Moncloa in Madrid, and in Somosaguas.
The Complutense University of Madrid was founded in Alcalá de Henares, old Complutum, by Cardinal Cisneros in 1499.
It was then when the new campus at Somosaguas was created to house the new School of Social Sciences.
The old Alcalá campus was reopened as the independent UAH, University of Alcalá, in 1977.
After studying at the University, students return home with a fluent sense of Spanish as well as culture and diversity.
The Autonomous University of Madrid was instituted under the leadership of the famous physicist, Nicolás Cabrera.
The Medical School is sited outside the main site and beside the Hospital Universitario La Paz.
The Department of Economics is among the 50 best worldwide, and in the top 10 in Econometrics.
Madrid is also home to the Queen Sofía College of Music , the Madrid Royal Conservatory Business schools.
IE Business School has its main campus on the border of the Chamartín and Salamanca districts of Madrid.
IE Business School recently ranked #1 in WSJ's 2009 rankings for Best MBA Programs under 2 years.
It scored ahead of usual stalwarts, INSEAD and IMD, giving it top billing among International MBA programs.
Although based in Barcelona, both IESE Business School and ESADE Business School also have Madrid campuses.
Madrid is served by several roads and three modes of public surface transport, and one airport.
One is the Metro, the second longest metro system in Europe at 286,6 km.
Also Spain business are designing new high speed trains which will be the new generation AVE 104 like Talgo AVRIL.
Madrid’s location at the centre of the Iberian Peninsula makes it a major logistical base.
She studied dancing as a child and began on stage in vaudeville and also worked in night clubs.
Clarke started her professional career as a dancer in New York City, sharing a room with Barbara Stanwyck.
By the mid-1930s, Clarke was no longer a leading lady and was only featured in small parts through to the 1960s.
Clarke was married and divorced three times: to Fanny Brice's brother Lew Brice, Stevens Bancroft, and Herbert Langdon.
Clarke died from cancer on April 29, 1992, at age 81, in Woodland Hills, California.
 Mae Costello Mae Costello was an American stage and film actress of the early twentieth-century.
As a teenager, she began performing in stage productions in stock theater companies throughout the United States.
They had two daughters, Helene Costello and Dolores Costello, both of whom became successful film actresses.
In 1929, Mae Costello died of heart disease and was interred at the Calvary Cemetery, East Los Angeles, California.
 Mae Dahlberg Mae Dahlberg , was a music hall and vaudeville performer and actress in several Hollywood silent movies.
In 1917, while in California, she met and formed a variety act with Stan Laurel.
By 1924, Laurel had given up the stage for full-time film work, under contract with Joe Rock for 12 two-reel comedies.
She was discovered by director Cecil B. DeMille and worked with him and his brother William C. DeMille.

Laborde died in 2012, aged 102, in Santa Monica, where she had lived for more than 80 years.
Laborde outlived both her husband, Nicholas, and their only child, their daughter, Mrs. Shirley Miller.
 Mae Marsh Mae Marsh was an American film actress with a career spanning over 50 years.
A frequently-told story of Marsh's childhood is that her father, a railroad auditor, died when she was four.
Her family moved to San Francisco, where her stepfather was killed in the great earthquake of 1906.
Marsh worked with D.W. Griffith in small roles at Biograph when they were filming in California and in New York.
The other actresses stood behind Pickford, each refusing in turn to play the part, citing the same objection.
After her marriage to Lee Arms, a publicity agent for Goldwyn, in 1918, her film output decreased to about one per year.
She gravitated toward character roles, and worked in this manner for the next several decades.
Marsh has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame located at 1600 Vine Street.
She married Sam Goldwyn's publicity agent Louis Lee Arms, in 1918 and bore three children with him.
They are buried together in Section 5, at Pacific Crest Cemetery, in Redondo Beach, California. 
 Mae Murray Mae Murray was an American actress, dancer, film producer, and screenwriter.
She was born Marie Adrienne Koenig in New York City, the oldest child of Joseph and Mary Koenig.
Her maternal grandparents had emigrated from France while her paternal grandparents has emigrated from Germany.
In May 1896, Joseph Koenig, Murray's father, died from acute gastritis due to his alcoholism.
To support the family, Mary Koenig took a job as a housekeeper for Harry Payne Whitney.
In 1908, she joined the chorus line of the Ziegfeld Follies, moving up to headliner by 1915.
At the height of her popularity, Murray formed her own production company with her director, John M. Stahl.
For a brief period of time, Murray wrote a weekly column for newspaper scion William Randolph Hearst.
In the early 1920s, Murray was painted by the well known Hollywood portrait painter Theodore Lukits.
The couple married on June 27, 1926, and Mdivani became her manager, suggesting that his new wife ought to leave MGM.
Later, she would swallow her pride and pleaded to return, but Mayer would not rehire her.
In effect, Mayer's hostility meant that Murray was blacklisted from working for the Hollywood studios.
In 1946, she taught ballroom dancing to young teenagers at a dance studio in Los Angeles.
near 48th St. Murray's finances continued to collapse, and for most of her later life she lived in poverty.
In February 1964, Murray was found disoriented in St. Louis, thinking that she had completed a bus trip to New York.
On December 18, 1916, she married former dancer and future Olympic bobsled champion Jay O'Brien.
Murray later moved into the Motion Picture House in Woodland Hills, a retirement community for Hollywood professionals.
She began as one of a number of actresses providing the character's voice, but soon took over the role exclusively.
on the persona of the legendary character actress ZaSu Pitts, and ultimately played the role for more than 20 years.
In 1988, she reprised her role as Betty Boop in the film Who Framed Roger Rabbit?.
Questel died from complications related to Alzheimer's disease at the age of 89 in her Manhattan apartment.
She had two sons, Robert Balkin, who pre-deceased her, and Richard, who survived her.
One of the more controversial movie stars of her day, West encountered many problems, including censorship.
West was born Mary Jane West in Bushwick, Brooklyn, delivered at home by an aunt who was a midwife.
West's parents married on January 18, 1889, in Brooklyn and reared their children as Protestant.
The other siblings were Mildred Katherine West, later known as Beverly , and John Edwin West, II .
It was in Woodhaven, at Neir's Social Hall that West supposedly first performed professionally.
She began performing professionally in vaudeville in the Hal Clarendon Stock Company in 1907 at the age of fourteen.
Eventually, she began writing her own risqué plays using the pen name Jane Mast.
After a series of try-outs in Connecticut and New Jersey, West announced she would open the play in New York.
West was an early supporter of the women's liberation movement, but said she was not a feminist.
In 1932, West was offered a motion picture contract by Paramount Pictures despite being close to 40.
The film is also notable as one of Cary Grant's first major roles, which boosted his career.
West claimed she spotted Grant at the studio and insisted that he be cast as the male lead.
The film was a box office hit and earned an Academy Award nomination for Best Picture.
In 1939, Universal Pictures approached West to star in a film opposite W. C. Fields.
West was so chastened by the experience that she would not attempt another film role for the next quarter-century.
This ostensible reference to the then-current dance craze was one of the many double entendres in the dialogue.
They claimed it was not the content of the skit, but West's tonal inflections that gave it the controversial context.
In the 1950s, she also starred in her own Las Vegas stage show, singing while surrounded by bodybuilders.
Jayne Mansfield met and later married one of West's muscle men, a former Mr. Universe, Mickey Hargitay.
The movie was a deliberately campy sex change comedy that was both a box office and critical failure.
Adapted from a script written by West, daily revisions and disagreements hampered production from the beginning.
Due to the numerous changes, West agreed to have her lines fed to her through a speaker concealed in her wig.
She remained in the hospital where, seven days later, she had a diabetic reaction to the formula in her feeding tube.
On September 18, she suffered a second stroke which left her right side paralyzed and developed pneumonia.
By November, her condition had improved, but the prognosis was poor and she was sent home.
A private service was held in the Old North Church replica, in Forest Lawn, Hollywood Hills, on November 25, 1980.
She insisted they have separate bedrooms, and she soon sent him away in a show of his own in order to get rid of him.
In August 1913, she met an Italian-born vaudeville headliner and star of the piano-accordion, Guido Deiro.
Deiro fell in love with her and arranged his bookings so the two could travel together.
According to Deiro's biographer, West filed for divorce on the grounds of adultery on July 14, 1920.
The divorce was granted by the Supreme Court of the State of New York on November 9 of that year.
West remained close to her family throughout her life and was devastated by her mother's death in 1930.
After she began her movie career, her sister, brother and father followed her to Hollywood.
By the time West was an established movie actress in the mid-1930s, they were no longer a couple.
He was 30 years younger than West, and later changed his name to Paul Novak.
He soon moved in with her, and their romance continued until West's death in 1980 at age 87.
The sister character's hearing was restored after this recasting at the request of an NBC executive.
Whitman gave voice to Katara of the Water Tribe in the animated show ', and previously Rose in '.
 Maggi Parker Maggi Parker is an American actress, born in Nashua, New Hampshire.
She has lived in Hawaii for 48 years and worked for the royal family of Hawaii for 43 years. 
 Maggie Grace Margaret Grace Denig , known professionally as Maggie Grace, is an American actress.
She portrays Faith, a groupie and a muse to the stars, who captures the eye of Hank Moody played by David Duchovny.
Her family lived in a 200-year-old house, the first saltbox house in central Ohio.
Grace acquired an agent within a week of relocating to Los Angeles and enrolled in acting classes.
She is a fan of Jane Austen and had read Fowler's novel when it was released in 2004.
On September 2010, it was revealed that Grace was chosen to play Irina in ' and '.
The play opened for previews on December 14, running at the American Airlines Theatre.
On February 18, 2015, Grace announced her engagement to Matthew Cooke via Instagram.
Lawson was born in Louisville, Kentucky, the daughter of Judy, a homemaker, and Mike Lawson, a hotel manager.
On February 5, 2014 USA Network announced that Psych would finish its run on March 26 after 8 seasons.
ABC will not air the remaining three episodes of its original 13-episode order, but may do so at a later date.
She earned an Academy Award nomination for Best Actress for her role in the film.
After five guest-starring roles in television series in early 1960s, she retired from acting.
For the remainder of her life, she worked as a typist in New York City.
In February 1978, McNamara died of a barbiturate overdose at the age of 50.
Born in New York City, McNamara was one of four children born to Irish American parents.
She attended Textile High School in New York and worked as a teen model while studying drama and dance.
McNamara became one of the most successful models of John Robert Powers' modeling agency.
Written by F. Hugh Herbert, the play was already a Broadway hit starring Barbara Bel Geddes.
The film was highly controversial at the time due to its sexual themes and frank dialogue .
As a result, the film failed to secure the seal of approval from the MPAA.
Despite the controversy, the film was a success and earned $3.5 million at the box office.
Part of the reason why her career stalled has been attributed to her refusal to move to Los Angeles.
After 1955, McNamara failed to secure any film or television work for the remainder of the decade.
For the remaining fifteen years of her life, she worked temp jobs as a typist to support herself.
On February 18, 1978, McNamara was found dead on the couch of her New York City apartment.
She had taken a deliberate overdose of sleeping pills and tranquilizers and left a suicide note on her piano.
in acting at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts Graduate Acting Program.
 Maggie Thrett Maggie Thrett, born Diane Pine, was a singer and stage, movie and television actress in the 1960s.

 Maia Brewton Maia Luisa Brewton is an American actress who enjoyed success in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
Walsh was born in Seattle, Washington to a Brazilian mother and American father of Irish, German, and Swedish descent.
Walsh and her family moved to São Paulo, Brazil when she was two years old.
At 11, she moved to Simi Valley, California to pursue her acting career.
Walsh is a human rights activist, and spends much of her time volunteering and getting together community projects.
In addition to philanthropy, Walsh also has personally written back to fans via her official Facebook page. 
She and her family lived in Ashtabula until 1939, when they moved to Oregon.
She graduated from high school in Astoria, Oregon, before arriving in Los Angeles.
Before landing her role as 'Vampira', she was working as a hat-check girl in a cloakroom on Hollywood's Sunset Strip.
He finally got her phone number from Rudi Gernreich, later the designer of the topless swimsuit.
For the first four weeks, the show aired at midnight, moving to 11:00 p.m. on May 29.
Ten months later, the series aired at 10:30 p.m., beginning March 5, 1955.
At the end of her trance-like walk, the camera zoomed in on her face as she let out a piercing scream.
She would then introduce that evening's film while reclining barefoot on a skull-encrusted Victorian couch.
Nurmi eventually escaped and managed to call the police, with assistance from a local shop owner.
She married her second husband, younger actor John Brinkley, on March 10, 1958.
She married actor Fabrizio Mioni on June 20, 1961, in Orange County, California.
In the early 1960s, Nurmi opened Vampira's Attic, an antiques boutique on Melrose Avenue.
In 1981, Nurmi was asked by KHJ-TV to revive her Vampira character for television.
Peterson claimed that Elvira was nothing like Vampira aside from the basic design of the black dress and black hair.
In 2001, Nurmi opened an official website and began selling autographed memorabilia and original pieces of art on eBay.
On January 10, 2008, Nurmi died of natural causes at her home in Hollywood, aged 85.
Flanagan's forename is a Hawaiian word for the green laurel commonly used in leis.
In 1969, her family was stationed in Bangkok, Thailand and when she was ten, they moved to Germany.
While attending BC, she was a member of the student comedy troupe, My Mother's Fleabag.
She landed that role, which was her first ever acting role when she was 17 and still a junior in high school.
He was killed in the line of duty in 1955 while Majel was touring with an off-Broadway road company.
She also lent her voice to various computer games and software related to the franchise.
After Gene Roddenberry's death, Barrett took material from his archives to bring two of his ideas into production.
credited her as Majel Barrett Roddenberry, playing the voice over role of Queen Robot.
The couple's cremated remains will be sealed into specially made capsules designed to withstand space travel.
Her father, Percy Coleman, was a former Major League Baseball pitcher from Mason.
Majel, who was a beauty contest winner in her hometown, went to Hollywood in 1921 after high school.
When she could not find a way to get his attention, she lost interest in working for other movie studios.
Demille noticed Coleman when a small stray dog followed her home and became intimidated by her police dog.
The little dog jumped off her porch and broke its leg on the cement below.
He made tests and arranged for her to act in small parts in his next films.
The little black box was invented by Harry Houdini and did away with the need for B batteries in radio reception.

Her father is Colombian and her mother, Gina Rue, is an American former model.
It is bordered by Zambia to the northwest, Tanzania to the northeast, and Mozambique on the east, south and west.
Its capital is Lilongwe, which is also Malawi's largest city; the second largest is Blantyre and the third is Mzuzu.
The name Malawi comes from the Maravi, an old name of the Nyanja people that inhabit the area.
The area of Africa now known as Malawi was settled by migrating Bantu groups around the 10th century.
Malawi has a small military force that includes an army, a navy and an air wing.
The transition from a one-party state to a multi-party democracy strengthened Malawian ties with the United States.
Malawi has been seen as a haven for refugees from other African countries, including Mozambique and Rwanda, since 1985.
However, the government was seen to make some effort to prosecute security forces who used excessive force.
Lake Malawi is sometimes called the Calendar Lake as it is about long and wide.
The Shire River flows from the south end of the lake and joins the Zambezi River farther south in Mozambique.
To the south of Lake Malawi lie the Shire Highlands, gently rolling land at approximately above sea level.
In this area, the Zomba and Mulanje mountain peaks rise to respective heights of .
Malawi's capital is Lilongwe, and its commercial centre is Blantyre with a population of over 500,000 people.
Lake Malawi National Park was first listed in 1984 and the Chongoni Rock Art Area was listed in 2006.
Malawi's climate is hot in the low-lying areas in the south of the country and temperate in the northern highlands.
The economy is based on agriculture, and more than one-third of GDP and 90% of export revenues come from this.
However, in 2005, Malawi was the recipient of over US$575 million in aid.
The high rate of infection has resulted in an estimated 5.8% of the farm labor force dying of the disease.
The government spends over $120,000 each year on funerals for civil servants who die of the disease.
In 1994, free primary education for all children was established by the government, which increased attendance rates.
Youth literacy has also increased, moving from 68% in 2000 to 82% in 2007.
Malawi maintains a small standing military of approximately 25,000 men, the Malawian Defence Force.
The Malawian Navy has 3 vessels operating on Lake Malawi, based in Monkey Bay.
Traditional music and dances can be seen at initiation rites, rituals, marriage ceremonies and celebrations.
Soccer is the most common sport in Malawi, introduced there during British colonial rule.
Malawian cuisine is diverse, with tea and fish being popular features of the country's cuisine.
Sugar, coffee, corn, potatoes, sorghum, cattle and goats are also important components of the cuisine and economy.
Nsima is a food staple made from ground corn and served with side dishes of meat and vegetable.
Drew was born in Washington, D.C.. She has two brothers and her parents are both lawyers.
After graduating college, she moved to London and trained at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art.
As a child, she would often sing the national anthem at local baseball games.
The show ran for three seasons from 2004 to 2007 and earned Jow several Young Artist Award nominations.
About half the population lives below the international poverty line of US$1.25 a day.
During its golden age, there was a flourishing of mathematics, astronomy, literature, and art.
French Sudan joined with Senegal in 1959, achieving independence in 1960 as the Mali Federation.
In response to Islamist territorial gains, the French military launched Opération Serval in January 2013.
The earliest of these empires was the Ghana Empire, which was dominated by the Soninke, a Mande-speaking people.
The empire expanded throughout West Africa from the 8th century until 1078, when it was conquered by the Almoravids.
The Mali Empire later formed on the upper Niger River, and reached the height of power in the 14th century.
Under the Mali Empire, the ancient cities of Djenné and Timbuktu were centers of both trade and Islamic learning.
The empire later declined as a result of internal intrigue, ultimately being supplanted by the Songhai Empire.
The Songhai had long been a major power in West Africa subject to the Mali Empire's rule.
The fall of the Songhai Empire marked the end of the region's role as a trading crossroads.
Following the establishment of sea routes by the European powers, the trans-Saharan trade routes lost significance.
One of the worst famines in the region's recorded history occurred in the 18th century.
By 1905, most of the area was under firm French control as a part of French Sudan.
The subsequent military-led regime, with Traoré as president, attempted to reform the economy.
The Traoré regime faced student unrest beginning in the late 1970s and three coup attempts.
Anti-government protests in 1991 led to a coup, a transitional government, and a new constitution.
Opposition to the corrupt and dictatorial regime of General Moussa Traoré grew during the 1980s.
Barricades as well as roadblocks were erected and Traoré declared a state of emergency and imposed a nightly curfew.
Nowadays, the day is a national holiday in order to remember the tragic events and the people that were killed.
During this democratic period Mali was regarded as one of the most politically and socially stable countries in Africa.
Slavery persists in Mali today with as many as 200,000 people held in direct servitude to a master.
In January 2012 a Tuareg rebellion began in Northern Mali, led by the National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad.
On 11 January 2013, the French Armed Forces intervened at the request of the interim government.
Ibrahim Boubacar Keïta , or as he is often known IBK, is a Malian politician who has been President of Mali since 2013.
He was elected as President in the July–August 2013 presidential election and sworn in on 4 September 2013.
Mali lies in the torrid zone and is among the hottest countries in the world.
During this time, flooding of the Niger River is common, creating the Inner Niger Delta.
The president serves as a chief of state and commander in chief of the armed forces.
A prime minister appointed by the president serves as head of government and in turn appoints the Council of Ministers.
The unicameral National Assembly is Mali's sole legislative body, consisting of deputies elected to five-year terms.
Following the 2007 elections, the Alliance for Democracy and Progress held 113 of 160 seats in the assembly.
Various lower courts exist, though village chiefs and elders resolve most local disputes in rural areas.
Since the agreement, sixteen enterprises were privatized, 12 partially privatized, and 20 liquidated.
Mali is also a member of the Organization for the Harmonization of Business Law in Africa .
Cotton is the country's largest crop export and is exported west throughout Senegal and Ivory Coast.
During 2002, 620,000 tons of cotton were produced in Mali but cotton prices declined significantly in 2003.
In addition to cotton, Mali produces rice, millet, corn, vegetables, tobacco, and tree crops.
Gold is mined in the southern region and Mali has the third highest gold production in Africa .
Mali has made efficient use of hydroelectricity, consisting of over half of Mali's electrical power.
The birth rate in 2014 is 45.53 births per 1,000, and the total fertility rate was 6.4 children per woman.
Mali has one of the world's highest rates of infant mortality, with 106 deaths per 1,000 live births in 2007.
Mali's official language is French, and over 40 African languages also are spoken by the various ethnic groups.
About 80 percent of Mali's population can communicate in Bambara, which serves as an important lingua franca.
Other significant groups are the Fula , Voltaic , Songhai , and Tuareg and Moor .
Islam was introduced to West Africa in the 11th century and remains the predominant religion in much of the region.
Atheism and agnosticism are believed to be rare among Malians, most of whom practice their religion on a daily basis.
The system encompasses six years of primary education beginning at age 7, followed by six years of secondary education.
The education system is plagued by a lack of schools in rural areas, as well as shortages of teachers and materials.
Mali faces numerous health challenges related to poverty, malnutrition, and inadequate hygiene and sanitation.
In 2001, the general government expenditures on health totalled about US$4 per capita at an average exchange rate.
Mali's population also suffers from a high rate of child malnutrition and a low rate of immunization.
An estimated 85–91 percent of Mali's girls and women have had female genital mutilation .
Most Malians wear flowing, colorful robes called boubous that are typical of West Africa.
Dance parties are common events among friends, and traditional mask dances are performed at ceremonial events.
Informal games are often played by youths using a bundle of rags as a ball.
Rice and millet are the staples of Malian cuisine, which is heavily based on cereal grains.
The Telecommunications in Mali include 869,600 mobile phones, 45,000 televisions and 414,985 internet users. 
The capital of Malta is Valletta, which at 0.8 km2, is the smallest national capital in the European Union.
Malta was awarded the George Cross by King George VI in 1942, for the country's bravery in the Second World War.
The Romans went on to call the island Melita, which is a latinisation of the Greek .
The extinction of the dwarf hippos and dwarf elephants has been linked to the earliest arrival of humans on Malta.
A culture of megalithic temple builders then either supplanted or arose from this early period.
The temples have distinctive architecture, typically a complex trefoil design, and were used from 4000 to 2500 BC.
Animal bones and a knife found behind a removable altar stone suggest that temple rituals included animal sacrifice.
In most cases there are small chambers here, with the cover made of a large slab placed on upright stones.
They are claimed to belong to a population certainly different from that which built the previous megalithic temples.
After the fall of Phoenicia in 332 BC, the area came under the control of Carthage, a former Phoenician colony.
During this time the people on Malta mainly cultivated olives and carobs, and produced textiles.
During the First Punic War, the islands was conquered after harsh fighting by Marcus Atilius Regulus.
Paul the Apostle remained on the islands three months, preaching the Christian faith, which has since thrived on Malta.
From 454 to 464 the islands was subdued by the Vandals, and after 464 by the Ostrogoths.
In 533 Belisarius, on his way to conquer the Vandal Kingdom in North Africa, reunited the islands under Imperial rule.
Malta remained under the Byzantine Empire until 870, when it fell to the Arabs.
The Norman leader, Roger I of Sicily, was welcomed by the native Christians.
Malta formed part of the Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation for 72 years.
Malta was declared a county and a marquisate, but its trade was totally ruined.
Relatives of the kings of Aragon ruled the island until 1409, when it formally passed to the Crown of Aragon.
Instead, he promised never to grant the title to a third party, and incorporated it back into the crown.
The knights, with the help of Spanish and Maltese forces, were victorious and repelled the attack.
The Knights' reign ended when Napoleon captured Malta on his way to Egypt during the in 1798.
This was around the time when the universal values of freedom and liberty were incarnated by the French Revolution.
People from both inside the Order and outside appealed to Napoleon Bonaparte to oust the Knights.
On the judicial level, a family code was framed and twelve judges were nominated.
French financial and religious policies so angered the Maltese that they rebelled, forcing the French to depart.
Maltese leaders presented the island to Sir Alexander Ball, asking that the island become a British Dominion.
In 1919 British troops fired on a rally protesting against new taxes, killing four Maltese men.
The event, known as Sette Giugno , is commemorated every year and is one of five National Days.
During World War II, Malta played an important role owing to its proximity to Axis shipping lanes.
A depiction of the George Cross now appears in the upper hoist corner of the Flag of Malta.
In 1989, Malta was the venue of a summit between US President George H.W.
Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, their first face-to-face encounter, which signalled the end of the Cold War.
On 16 July 1990, Malta, through its foreign minister, Guido de Marco, applied to join the European Union.
After tough negotiations, a referendum was held on 8 March 2003, which resulted in a favourable vote.
Following the European Council of 21–22 June 2007, Malta joined the eurozone on 1 January 2008.
Malta is a republic whose parliamentary system and public administration are closely modelled on the Westminster system.
The Labour Party is currently at the helm of the government, the Prime Minister being Joseph Muscat.
There are a number of smaller political parties in Malta that presently have no parliamentary representation.
Malta has had a system of local government since 1993, based on the European Charter of Local Self-Government.
Since then, elections have been held every two years for an alternating half of the councils.
This is achieved by emphasising the maintenance of Malta's territorial waters and airspace integrity.
Malta's search-and-rescue area extends from east of Tunisia to west of Crete, covering an area of around 250,000 km2.
The archipelago is therefore situated in the zone between the Eurasian and African tectonic plates.
Although there are some small rivers at times of high rainfall, there are no permanent rivers or lakes on Malta.
The minor islands that form part of the archipelago are uninhabited and include: Climate.
Malta has a Subtropical–Mediterranean climate , with very mild winters and warm to hot summers.
According to International Living, Malta is the country with the best climate in the world.
In the coldest month – January – the typically maximum temperature ranges from during the day and minimum at night.
In the warmest month – August – the typically maximum temperature ranges from during the day and minimum at night.
According to Eurostat data, Maltese GDP per capita stood at 86 per cent of the EU average in 2010 with €21,000.
Malta has produced collectors' coins with face value ranging from 10 to 50 euro.
These coins continue an existing national practice of minting of silver and gold commemorative coins.
For instance, a €10 Maltese commemorative coin cannot be used in any other country.
Malta signed a co-operation agreement with the European Space Agency for more-intensive co-operation in ESA projects.
Most science students in Malta graduate from the University of Malta and are represented by S-Cubed , UESA and ICTSA .
A preliminary report was issued in April 2006 and the results were weighted to estimate for 100% of the population.
However, there are minorities, the largest of which are Britons, many of whom are retirees.
Malta's population density of 1,282 per square km is by far the highest in the EU and one of the highest in the world.
The language includes different dialects that can vary greatly from one town to another or from one island to another.
Also, 88% of the population speak English, 66% speak Italian, and 17% speak French.
This widespread knowledge of second languages makes Malta one of the most multilingual countries in the European Union.
Freedom House and the CIA World Factbook report that 98% of the population is Catholic.
There are more than 360 churches in Malta, Gozo, and Comino, or one church for every 1,000 residents.
The shipwreck is said to have occurred in the place today known as St Paul's Bay.
The Acts of the Council of Chalcedon record that in 451 AD, a certain Acacius was Bishop of Malta .
During the period of the Republic of Venice, several Maltese families emigrated to Corfu.
Their descendants account for about two-thirds of the community of some 4000 Catholics that now live on that island.
The patron saints of Malta are Saint Paul, Saint Publius, and Saint Agatha.
The Jewish population of Malta reached its peak in the Middle Ages under Norman rule.
Several dozen Maltese Jews may have converted to Christianity at the time to remain in the country.
A Muslim primary school recently opened; its existence remains a point of some controversy.
As an EU member state and a party to the Schengen Agreement, Malta applies the EU's visa policy.
This means that to enter the country: The estimated net inflow was of 1,913 persons yearly.
Over the last 10 years, Malta accepted back a yearly average of 425 returning emigrants.
During 2006, a total of 1,800 illegal immigrants reached Malta making the crossing from the North African coast.
It For 2014 alone, approximately 3,500 migrants drowned in their attempt to reach Europe.
Around 45% of immigrants landed in Malta have been granted refugee or protected humanitarian status .
After World War II, Malta's Emigration Department would assist emigrants with the cost of their travel.
Emigration dropped dramatically after the mid-1970s and has since ceased to be a social phenomenon of significance.
At the age of 11 pupils sit for an examination to enter a secondary school, either a church school or a state school.
The sixth form course lasts for two years, at the end of which students sit for the Matriculation examination.
Subject to their performance, students may then apply for an undergraduate degree or diploma.
Malta is also a popular destination to study the English Language, attracting over 80,000 students in 2012.
The healthcare system in Malta closely resembles the British system, as healthcare is free at the point of delivery.
The first settlers on the island constructed Ġgantija, one of the oldest manmade freestanding structures in the world.
These can be viewed at the temples themselves , and at the National Museum of Archaeology in Valletta.
Malta's temples such as Imnajdra are full of history and have a story behind them.
For many years, Mannerism continued to inform the tastes and ideals of local Maltese artists.
His legacy is evident in the works of local artists Giulio Cassarino and Stefano Erardi .
During this period, local sculptor Melchior Gafà emerged as one of the top Baroque sculptors of the Roman School.
In Valletta, the National Museum of Fine Arts features work from artists such as H. Craig Hanna.
The favourite Maltese beverage was documented to be the Kinnie according to the National Statistics Office.
These may include a hard-boiled egg, a Bible, crucifix or rosary beads, a book, and so on.
Whichever object the child shows most interest in is said to reveal the child's path and fortunes in adulthood.
Money refers to a rich future while a book expresses intelligence and a possible career as a teacher.
If the child chooses a hard-boiled egg, it will have a long life and many children.
This custom along with many others has long since disappeared from the Islands, in the face of modern practices.
Today's couples are married in churches or chapels in the village or town of their choice.
The nuptials are usually followed by a lavish and joyous wedding reception, often including several hundred guests.
Occasionally, couples will try to incorporate elements of the traditional Maltese wedding in their celebration.
Mnarja, or l-Imnarja is one of the most important dates on the Maltese cultural calendar.
Officially, it is a national festival dedicated to the feast of Saints Peter and St. Paul.
A national feast since the rule of the Knights, Mnarja is a traditional Maltese festival of food, religion and music.
Originally, Mnarja was celebrated outside St. Paul's Grotto, in the north of Malta.
Modern Mnarja festivals take place in and around the woodlands of Buskett, just outside the town of Rabat.
In 1854 British governor William Reid launched an agricultural show at Buskett which is still being held today.
Traditionally, grooms would promise to take their brides to Mnarja during the first of year of marriage.
Isle of MTV is a one-day music festival produced and broadcast on an annual basis by MTV.
The festival has been arranged annually in Malta since 2007, with major pop artists performing each year.
The festival offers fireworks displays of a number of Maltese as well as foreign fireworks factories.
Due to bilingualism half of the newspapers are published in English and the other half in Maltese.
There is a high number of daily or weekly newspapers, there is one paper for every 28,000 people.
Advertising, sales and subsidies are the three main methods of financing newspapers and magazines.
The UHM, the second-biggest union, has no newspaper, TV, or radio stations.
The Public Broadcasting Services is the state-owned station and is a member of the EBU.
The top football league in Malta is called the Maltese Premier League, and consists of 12 teams.
Rugby league is played in Malta, with the national Men's Team currently ranked 23rd in the world .
The National team are known as the Malta Knights, and boast players currently playing in the European Superleague.
Rugby union is popular in Malta, with the national men's team currently ranked 43rd in the world.
They have recently been achieving great success, defeating teams like Sweden, Croatia and Latvia.
Malta also hosts a snooker round, the Malta Cup, which became a non-ranking event.
In 2008 Malta's Tony Drago was a member of a victorious European Mosconi Cup team, which was played in Portomaso, Malta.
The sport is growing in popularity with local communities, as well as tourists and visitors.
Boċċi is the Maltese version of the Italian game of bocce, French pétanque and British bowls.
The South End Core is a group of supporters or 'ultras' who support the Maltese national teams.
 Malvina Longfellow Malvina Longfellow was a stage and silent movie actress of the early 20th century.
Born in the city of New York, Malvina's mother was Julia Langfelder and her sister was Lilyan Cohen.
The plot is carried out in four acts and has to do with an impoverished New York family, the Kents.
Kitty Gordon, Eleanor Painter, Eugene Ormonde, and Paul Draper were also a part of the event.
By 1916 Longfellow was married to a British officer who had served in the Dardanelles for six months in 1915.
German producer, Ernst Lubitsch, wanted her to make a movie about Lord Nelson in 1921.
Longfellow gave testimony to a coroner's inquest in London, England, in January 1919.
The coroner's jury found Reggie De Veulle guilty of supplying British actress, Billie Carleton, with cocaine.
Longfellow told the court that she asked De Veulle to quit providing Carleton with drugs.
Others picked by him were Marion Davies, Mrs. Lydig Hoyt, Lady Lavery, and Viscountess Maidstone.
Her funeral was conducted at Riverside Memorial Chapel, 76th Street, and Amsterdam Avenue, New York City, on April 19.
Van Doren was born in Rowena, South Dakota, the daughter of Warner Carl Olander and Lucille Harriet Bennett .
In 1939, the family moved to Sioux City, Iowa and then during May 1942 to Los Angeles.
In early 1946, Van Doren began working as an usher at the Pantages Theatre in Hollywood.
She was engaged to boxer Jack Dempsey, but broke off the engagement upon signing a contract with Universal.
Van Doren was discovered by producer Howard Hughes when she was crowned Miss Palm Springs.
Though production of the movie was from 1949 to 1953 , it was not released until 1957.
The publicity around this scandal kept the 'Van Doren' name in the newspapers and tabloids.
By this time, Van Doren had grown tired of Universal, which was only casting her in non-breakthrough roles.
Therefore, Van Doren began accepting bigger and better roles in better movies, from other studios.
Van Doren went to star in several bad girl movies that later became cult films.
Many of the productions were low-budget B-movies with some having gained a cult following for their high camp value.
In the 1970s, Van Doren performed a nightclub act in Las Vegas as well.
Since the book's publication she has often been interviewed and profiled and has occasionally returned to acting.
Her first marriage was to sportswear manufacturer Jack Newman whom she married and divorced in 1950.
Her second marriage was to bandleader, composer and actor Ray Anthony whom she married in 1955.
They met while working on President Nixon's reelection campaign; the marriage was annulled in 1973.
During the Vietnam War, she did tours for U.S. troops in Vietnam for three months in 1968, and again in 1970.
In addition to USO shows, she visited hospitals, including the wards of amputees and burn victims.
In 2005, a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs, California, Walk of Stars was dedicated to her. 
 Mamo Clark Mamo Clark , sometimes billed as Mamo, was a Hawaiian-born American actress and author.
On their voyage, the family brought their Massive Fong Inn Koa bed and a historical 14-foot-long spear .
He retired from the army and began an acting and teaching career in Los Angeles, California. 
The parent album of the same name was released that same year to generally mixed reviews.
The album itself was her final album to be certified by the RIAA, receiving a Gold certification.
Following the album's release, Moore parted ways with Epic due to creative differences.
To date, the album has sold an estimated 200,000 copies, and failed to receive an RIAA certification.
The film failed to make back its $17 million budget, and debuted at number 9 at the box office.
Amanda Leigh Moore was born on April 10, 1984 in Nashua, New Hampshire.
She is the middle of three children with an older brother, Scott, and a younger brother, Kyle.
The single would later receive a Gold certification from the RIAA, for sales exceeding 500,000 copies in the US.
The single failed to match the success of its predecessor, failing to appear on any major charts.
The single was not released in the US, but was released in territories such as Japan.
In Australia, the single became her second Top 40 hit, peaking at number 21 on the ARIA Charts.
The single also became Moore's second Top 20 hit in Australia, where it peaked at number 13.
It was also a minor success on the German Media Control Charts, where it peaked at number 70.
It went on to receive a Gold certification from the RIAA, for sales exceeding 500,000 copies in the US alone.
The song became her third Top 20 hit in Australia, where it peaked at number 11 on the ARIA Charts.
The album also reached number 37 on the ARIA charts in Australia, her highest peak in the country to date.
The film opened in 2,537 theaters in North America and grossed $22,862,269 in its opening weekend.
It grossed $165,335,153 worldwide—$108,248,956 in North America and $57,086,197 in other territories.
This made it Moore's highest debut on the chart, and highest peaking album to date.
Due to creative differences between Moore and Epic, she parted ways with the label.
The film failed to draw in teenage crowds in the U.S. and grossed a total of $14 million domestically.
Moore has said that she enjoys playing mean-spirited characters but fears being typecast as a villain.
Moore had signed to Sire Records after her contract with Epic ended, but she left the company in May 2006.
Moore stayed alone in a house in Woodstock in Upstate New York while recording the album in late 2006.
Moore performed the song at the Brick Awards on April 12, 2007 and launched a tour in the summer of 2007.
In the film, Moore's character describes in detail the feeling of an orgasm to her mother .
Metacritic.com rated it 25 out of 100, citing 21 generally negative reviews out of 30 for its rating.
The film grossed $10,422,258 in its opening weekend opening at #4 at the U.S.
The review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported that the film received 41% positive reviews, based on 46 reviews.
Metacritic reported the film had an average score of 50 out of 100, based on 19 reviews.
Moore began working on her sixth studio album in 2008, slated for release the following year.
The single, like Moore's previous efforts, failed to have much success on any charts.
It is also the third Disney film appearing in the Top 10 films of 2010.
Filming began at Pinewood Studios in the United Kingdom on June 18, 2015, and concluded on August 7, 2015.
Moore has often been praised by music critics for branching off and making her own music.
Moore has served as the Honorary Chairperson of the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society's division on awareness for youth.
She served as a spokesperson by helping young people be aware of the seriousness of leukemia and lymphoma.
She also serves as the spokesperson for Cervical Cancer Awareness Month, held every January.
Moore made a surprise visit at Children's Hospital Los Angeles as a part of Get Well Soon Tour.
They became engaged in February 2009 and married on March 10, 2009, in Savannah, Georgia.
Shortly afterwards, The Giggle Club's producer Nick Cannon decided to groom Rain for a solo career.
Rain and Pyles left the group shortly after the release of the holiday album to focus on their solo careers.
Mandy Rain was born as Amanda Moseley in Hollywood, Florida on December 20, 1993.
Shortly after season one, the Giggle Club had broken up so all the members could focus on their solo careers.
After the series ended, Nick Cannon decided to groom Rain for a solo career.
The video was intended to be released on Valentine's Day but was never released for unknown reasons.
Most of the music that Rain released with her former band, School Gyrls, was mainly dance and pop rock music.
She lives and works in Berlin, Germany as an actress, voice-over artist and illustrator.
She had another successful co-starring role in that genre as well as in a number of Western films.
From 1959 to early 1961, Corday worked exclusively doing guest spots on various television series.
In the early 1960s, she gave up her career to devote herself to raising a family.
During their seventeen-year marriage, they had three children: Valerie; Carey, and Gregory.
Corday has also been a lifelong friend of actor Clint Eastwood, whom she met while working for Universal Pictures. 

Other notable recipients that year were Joan Crawford, Mary Astor, Janet Gaynor and Dolores del Río.
After her retirement, Day rarely spoke of her years as an actress and never spoke to reporters or granted interviews.
Day first married silent film producer Arthur J. Klein, then, after divorcing, married John Arthur.
She died of natural causes in Cathedral City, California, at the age of 91 and was cremated.

She was the former wife of actor Jon Voight and the mother of actors Angelina Jolie and James Haven.
Born at St. Francis Hospital in Blue Island, Illinois, Bertrand was brought up in the nearby small town of Riverdale.
She had two younger siblings: a sister, Debbie, and a brother, Raleigh.
The first Give Love Give Life concert was held in February 2004 at The Roxy in West Hollywood.
Following a miscarriage in 1972, they had two children, James Haven and Angelina Jolie .
Both children became actors; Jolie has credited her mother with getting her involved in acting.
Following her legal separation from Voight, Bertrand began a relationship with documentary-filmmaker Bill Day.
During her later life, Bertrand was in a relationship with activist and musician John Trudell.
Another granddaughter, who was born the following year, was given the middle name Marcheline in her honor.
Toward the end of her life, Bertrand preferred her privacy and did not grant interviews.
Bertrand's mother died at the age of 45, and had been diagnosed with ovarian cancer. 

A Manahattan native, born and bred, Ms. Haufrecht attended Performing Arts High School, graduating in 1954 as a dancer.
And I'm down to the last fifteen and he needed twelve, or something like that.
Within a year or so, Haufrecht was working with Nola Chilton, an influential New York-based acting teacher and director.
Allowed to sit in on sessions on an interim basis, Haufrecht eventually earned her full membership via audition.
In New York, Haufrecht was on the faculty of The Actors Studio MFA program at The New School for Social Research .
 Marcia Healy Marcia Healy was an American film actress, and the sister of comic actor Ted Healy.
 Marcia Jean Kurtz Marcia Jean Kurtz is an American film, stage, and television actress and director.
Kurtz is a 1964 graduate of the Juilliard School, where she earned a B.S.
 Marcia Mae Jones Marcia Mae Jones was an American actress whose prolific career spanned 47 years.
In 1951 she appeared as comic foil to Buster Keaton in Keaton's filmed TV series.
All three of her siblings, Margaret, Macon, and Marvin Jones, were also child actors.
She married and divorced on two occasions Robert Chic, as well as had two sons with him. 
She was hired after Maggie Roswell departed from the show, due to a pay dispute.
She is currently married to Seth Gaven owner of AV Squad, a film marketing company.
Gaven was born as Marcia Mitzman on February 28, 1959 in New York City, New York.
Gaven went to Hackley Elementary School in Tarrytown, New York when she was young.
She then became a drama major at the State University of New York at Purchase, though she did not get a degree.
Gaven has had a prominent career in musical theatre and has appeared in many rock musicals.
During her career, Gaven has sung in both mezzo-soprano and soprano roles, and has been cited for her belting.
It revolves around four men who have been put in jail for not paying alimony.
The musical shows why they ended up divorcing their wives, one of which is played by Gaven.
5th Avenue performers often sound as if they were speaking and singing through a football stadium public address system.
She portrayed the divorced Doris Walker, a single-working mother of a girl who doubts the existence of Santa Claus.
However, as the result of an allergic reaction, she could not perform in the musical some nights.
She missed a lot of performances, and an untold number of Tony voters missed her performance.
At one point, Gaven's understudy Alice Ripley took her place for eight consecutive weeks while Gaven recovered.
She also disliked the idea of performing in one musical for more than a year.
Gaven received an Ovation Award and a Los Angeles Drama Critics Circle Award for her work in the musical.
The show was made up of singing and dancing numbers that had previously appeared in different Broadway musicals.
It consisted of an all-female cast singing songs by Michael John LaChiusa, with LaChiusa playing the piano.
However, her stay in the city was short because of the allergic reaction and she moved back to Los Angeles.
While performing in musicals, Gaven had to be protective of her vocal cords and this affected her personal life.
Gaven is currently married to Seth Gaven who owns AV Squad, a film marketing company. 
Rodd was born in Lyons, Kansas, the daughter of Rosetta and Charles C. Rodd.
In March 2007, Strassman was diagnosed with advanced breast cancer that had spread to her bones.
She died of the disease at her home in Sherman Oaks, California, on October 24, 2014.
She was 66 years old, and is survived by her sister Julie, her brother Steven and her daughter, Elizabeth Collector. 
Elementary School, where her favorite activities included drama and playing the guitar and drums.
She has been married three times: to A. Martinez , William Mapel and Jason Trucco . 
Helgenberger was born in Fremont, Nebraska, to Mary Kay , a nurse, and Hugh Helgenberger, a meat inspector.
She was raised in North Bend, Nebraska, where she graduated from North Bend Central High School.
Helgenberger began as a nightly weather person at KHGI-TV in Kearney, Nebraska, while attending college .
During the summer she also worked as a deboner at her father's meat packing plant.
After nearly four years, Helgenberger left the show in January 1986 to pursue new opportunities.
The role earned her an Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 1990.
Her performance as the female lead has earned her two Emmy Award and two Golden Globe nominations.
Helgenberger received the 2,458th star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on January 23, 2012 for her television work.
The producers said they left the door open for Helgenberger if she wanted to return.
The last one was the most watched episode of the season with 14.26 million viewers.
They married in 1989 and have one son, Hugh Howard Rosenberg , named after Helgenberger's late father.
On December 1, 2008, the couple announced that they were separating, and on March 25, 2009, she filed for divorce.
A fourth-generation actor on her father's side, she trained at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts.
In 1939, Campbell was murdered by her son; she was sexually assaulted and bludgeoned to death with a hammer.
Margaret Colin was born in Brooklyn, New York City, and was raised in Baldwin, Long Island.
She is of Irish descent and was raised in a Roman Catholic family; her father was a New York City police officer.
In seven months on that show, her character survived seven murder attempts and ended up marrying her stepbrother.
The couple have two sons, Sam and Joe, and Colin is stepmother of her husband's daughter from his first marriage.
Colin is now the honorary board member of their spin-off group, Feminists for Nonviolent Choices. 
She performed on Broadway for over fifty years and occasionally did films in the 1920s.
She appeared in a large number of Broadway hits over the course of her years as an actress.
She began her career in Charles Frohman acting company in 1898, often in support of the leading actors.
Dale did not return to Arliss when he made his talking version of Disraeli in 1929.
She is remembered mostly for being the comic foil to Groucho Marx in seven of the Marx Brothers films.
She was born Daisy Juliette Baker in Brooklyn, New York, the daughter of William and Harriet Anna Baker.
As a child, she lived in the South, where she was mainly raised by her godfather, writer Joel Chandler Harris.
Groucho once said that many people believed they were married in real life, even though they were not.
I ad lib—it doesn't matter what I say—just to kill a few seconds so you can enjoy the gag.
She was 82 years of age, although many obituaries mistakenly gave her age as 75. 
 Margaret Early Margaret Early was an American film actress who was active in Hollywood during the 1930s and 1940s.
Born on Christmas Day 1919 into a devout Baptist family she grew up on a farm in rural Alabama.
During her youth she often appeared in religious plays at her church particularly in Christmas pageants.
On November 29, 2000 Margaret died at her home in Laguna Beach, CA from congestive heart failure at age 80. 
She has worked in the theater, television and films and is in demand for voice-overs and commercials.
 Margaret Ehrlich Margaret Ehrlich was a dancer and motion picture actress from Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Grace, 18, following a party at the beach home of actress Marion Davies.
Ehrlich, 17, was killed, and Grace, a friend of Davies, was critically injured.
They had traveled only a few blocks on the Roosevelt Highway at the time of the wreck, which occurred about 2:30 a.m.
Her speed was so excessive that she could not make the turn into the California Avenue incline.
Ehrlich sustained head injuries, a fractured right arm, and lacerations on her body.
She was survived by her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Milton Ehrlich, of 227 Fifteenth Street in Santa Monica.
Her body was taken to Kirkelle, Bernard & Peck Mortuary, in Ocean Park.
According to an autopsy report read at the inquest, a basal skull fracture was the cause of her death.
A coroner's jury deemed an absence of caution and care as the cause of the car crash.
A night watchman disclosed that he had seen Ehrlich arrive at Davies' party with her father.
It was revealed that Milton Ehrlich was notified of the wreck and identified his daughter's body.
Field was born in Houston, Texas, the daughter of Joy Beatrice and Wallace Miller Morlan.
When her elder daughter Sally turned 22, Margaret virtually ended her acting career to focus on her family.
She died, aged 89, on November 6, 2011, which was her daughter Sally Field's 65th birthday. 
She entered the film industry in 1912, getting a job with Vitagraph in Santa Monica where she stayed for three years.
In 1917 Gibson was arrested for vagrancy under circumstances which included allegations of drug dealing.
She was subsequently charged with extortion and violation of Section 145 of the Federal Criminal Code.
George W. Lasher told authorities he had paid Gibson $1155 to avoid prosecution for a reputed violation of the Mann Act.
Amid all the publicity following her arrest she was mentioned as both Margaret Gibson and Patricia Palmer.
From the available documentation, the assumption would be they met on the dock when she arrived in Singapore.
which could be either romantic metaphor, or a hint he was waiting for her there .
Surviving letters indicate the marriage was stable and she had no intention of ever returning to the United States.
That same June, Taylor also worked as an actor nearby on the same street at the Tabor Grand Theater.
Throughout her career Gibson's many movie appearances were credited under at least six different names.
However, overwhelmingly she was credited under only two, first as Margaret Gibson and later as Patricia Palmer. 
She later attended Hathaway Brown School, while the school was located at 1945 East 93rd Street in Cleveland.
Drawn to the theater at an early age, Hamilton made her stage debut in 1923.
Hamilton also practiced her craft doing children's theater while she was a Junior League of Cleveland member.
She appeared regularly in supporting roles in films until the early 1950s, and sporadically thereafter.
Studio executives cut some of Hamilton's more frightening scenes, worrying that they would frighten children too much.
Later on in life, she would comment on the role of the witch in a light-hearted fashion.
and he said 'Maggie, they want you to play a part on the Wizard.'
And I asked him what part, and he said, 'The Witch,' and I said, 'The Witch?!'
A new stunt double, Aline Goodwin, was hired to finish the broomstick-riding scene for Danko.
She often remarked about children coming up to her and asking her why she had been so mean to poor Dorothy.
And sometimes when I go to schools, if we're in an auditorium, I'll do it.
And there's always a funny reaction, like 'Ye gods, they wish they hadn't asked.'
I guess for a minute they get the feeling they got when they watched the picture.
Hamilton played two credited roles in the famous film: Almira Gulch and the Wicked Witch of the West.
— was ranked 99th in the 2005 American Film Institute survey of the most memorable movie quotes.
In the story line, she is depicted as a long-lost friend of series character Daisy Cooper, played by Spring Byington.
She married Paul Boynton Meserve on June 13, 1931, and made her debut on the New York stage the following year.
While her acting career developed, her marriage began failing; the couple divorced in 1938.
They had one son, Hamilton Wadsworth Meserve , whom she raised on her own.
She died in her sleep following a heart attack on May 16, 1985, in Salisbury, Connecticut.

Margaret Cullen Landis was born in Nashville, Tennessee, the daughter of Lulan and Margaret Landis.
Her father was a stockbroker and her younger brother, Cullen Landis, was a successful silent film director and actor.
Near the midpoint of her career she took some time off to study art eventually returning to film work around 1921.
Born as Margaret Kies in Dubuque, Iowa, she was the eldest of six children of a pharmacist father who died in 1930.
Author Jon Tuska's affection for the Ellery Queen series mystified its star Ralph Bellamy.
Lindsay's sister, Jane Kies , was also an actress under the stage name Jane Gilbert.
In 1931 she married the band leader Paul Whiteman, and retired from film acting in 1934.
With the advent of sound films her roles got noticeable smaller and she was often uncredited.
 Margaret Morris Margaret Morris was an American film actress of the silent film era, and into the 1930s.
Morris, born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, was the great-niece to former US President Benjamin Harrison.
She became interested in acting by her late teens, and moved to Hollywood to pursue an acting career.
She would star in another twenty eight films through 1929, and was at the height of her career.
However, like many early film stars, she did not transition well with the advent of sound films.
In her later career, she appeared on television, on stage, and in supporting film roles.
Her father, Lawrence O'Brien, a circus performer, died before she was born.
O'Brien's acting roles as an adult have been few and far between, mostly in small independent films.
However, she does do occasional interviews, mostly for the Turner Classic Movies cable network.
Not long after, O'Brien's mother, who had been sick with a heart condition, suffered a relapse and died.
Upon being reunited with her Juvenile Oscar, Margaret O'Brien told the attending journalists: Additional honors.
In 2006, she was presented with a Lifetime Achievement Award by the SunDeis Film Festival at Brandeis University.
She has been married twice, to Harold Allen, Jr. from 1959 to 1968, and later to Roy Thorsen.
The latter marriage produced her only child, Mara Tolene Thorsen, born in 1977.
For a time O'Brien was voted by exhibitors as among the most popular stars in the country. 
She was born in Los Angeles, California, to Thomas J. and Julia P. Sheridan.
Sheridan turned down the role because she was expecting the birth of her first child.
She died of an overdose of barbiturates, which was ruled accidental, on January 1, 1960 at the age of 50.
She rejoined the University Players for most of their 18-week 1930-31 winter season in Baltimore.
A Shubert scout saw her in that play as well and eventually she met Lee Shubert himself.
At the time, Sullavan was suffering from a bad case of laryngitis and her voice was huskier than usual.
Movie director John M. Stahl happened to be watching the play and was intrigued by Sullavan.
At that time Sullavan had already turned down offers for five-year contracts from Paramount and Columbia.
She accepted it and had a clause put in her contract that allowed her to return to the stage on occasion.
Sullavan and Fonda play a newly married couple, and the movie is a cavalcade of insults and quips.
Three returning German soldiers meet Sullavan who joins them and eventually marries one of them.
She gained an Oscar nomination for her role and was named the year's best actress by the New York Film Critics Circle.
Stewart played a sweet, naive Texan soldier on his way to Europe who marries Sullavan on the way.
Later, trying to flee the Nazi regime, Sullavan and Stewart attempt to ski across the border to safety in Austria.
She wanted Charles Boyer to play opposite her so much that she agreed to surrender top billing to him.
Although he loves Sullavan, he is unwilling to leave his wife and family in favour of her.
On her way across Europe, she meets up with a young Jewish man and the two fall in love.
Boyer's character marries Sullavan, who tells him that his past affairs mean nothing to her.
Sullavan's co-starring roles with James Stewart are among the highlights of their early careers.
By 1936, Stewart was a contract player at MGM but getting only small parts in B-movies.
At that time Sullavan worked for Universal and when she brought up Stewart's name, they were puzzled.
At that time he had only had two minor MGM parts which had not given him much camera experience.
Stewart's frequent visits to the Sullavan/Hayward home soon restoked the rumors of his romantic feelings for Sullavan.
She felt that only on the stage could she improve her skills as an actor.
Sullavan played the part of Jessica who writes under the pen name Janus, and Robert Preston played her husband.
On one occasion Henry Fonda had decided to take up a collection for a fireworks display on July 4.
When Sullavan refused to make a contribution, Fonda complained loudly to a fellow actor.
Then Sullavan rose from her seat and doused Fonda from head to foot with a pitcher of ice water.
Fonda made a stately exit, and Sullavan, composed and unconcerned, returned to her table and ate heartily.
Another of her blowups almost literally killed Sam Wood, one of the founders of the Motion Picture Alliance.
She was exactly four years Fonda's junior: they shared the birth date of May 16.
Sullavan would have a baby every other year - Brooke in 1937, Bridget in 1939 and Bill in 1941 .
Her voice had developed a throatiness because she could hear low tones better than high ones.
Sullavan was rushed to Grace New Haven Hospital, but shortly after 6:00 p.m. she was pronounced dead on arrival.
She was inducted, posthumously, into the American Theatre Hall of Fame in 1981.

 Margaret Travolta Margaret Travolta is an American actress and a sister of actor John Travolta.
Travolta's father was a second-generation Italian American and her mother was Irish American; Her family was Catholic.
Chicago was one of the many stops Margaret made while performing summer stock in the late 1960s.
It was the Windy City where she met her husband Jim and settled down to raise their two boys.
Her voice career has included such clients as Disney, United Airlines, Kraft, McDonalds and Pillsbury.
Travolta has a solid career in supporting roles, gaining respect on television and in film.
Her first work was on the New York stage, where she worked as a dog walker between parts.
 Margarita Fischer Margarita Fischer or Fisher was an American actress in silent motion pictures and stage productions.
The theatrical group toured up and down the Pacific Coast for a number of years.
When the American Beauty Company was organized she was engaged for each of the star feminine roles.
Her face was pictured in the heart of a rose, which became one of the movie's trade marks.
It was staged in Los Angeles, California, Honolulu, Hawaii, and the South Sea Islands.
During World War I Fischer changed her last name to Fisher because of the anti-German sentiment in America.
At the age of three, she began the training program of a competitive rhythmic gymnast.
When she was 11, Levieva's mother moved her and her twin brother to Sheepshead Bay, Brooklyn in New York City.
Her continuing interest in acting led her to be accepted into the Meisner Training Program at the William Esper Studio.
At the age of 42, Hemingway was found dead in her Santa Monica studio apartment due to a drug overdose.
In addition to Mariel, she had another sister, Joan and grew up in Idaho on her grandfather's farm in Ketchum.
Margaux struggled with a variety of disorders in addition to alcoholism, including depression, bulimia, and epilepsy.
They met when, at age 19, she accompanied her father to the Plaza Hotel in New York City on a business trip.
Like her grandfather, she experienced occasional bouts of clinical depression all through her life.
After a skiing accident in 1984, she gained 75 pounds and became increasingly depressed.
She also experienced intense competition with her younger sister Mariel, who received greater accolades for her acting.
She had taken an overdose of phenobarbital, according to the Los Angeles County coroner's findings one month later.
Margaux's remains were cremated and buried in the Hemingway family plot in the Ketchum Cemetery in Idaho. 
 Marge Champion Marge Champion, née Marjorie Celeste Belcher , is an American dancer, choreographer, and actress.
At a young age she was hired as a dance model for Walt Disney Studios animated films.
Later she performed as an actress and dancer in film musicals, and in 1957 had a TV show based on song and dance.
She had an older half sister, Lina Basquette, who was already acting in silent films at the age of twelve.
She was the daughter of her mother's first husband, Frank Baskette, who had committed suicide.
By the age of twelve, she became a ballet instructor at her father's studio.
Marge Belcher first married Art Babbitt , a top animator at Disney and creator of the Goofy animated character.
The couple refused to remake any of the others, the rights to which were still owned by RKO.
Marjorie Redmond was born in Cleveland, Ohio in 1924 and was raised in Lakewood by J.V.
She first ventured into acting as a member of her high school's drama group, Barnstormers.
After graduation, she worked in a bank as a typist and a mail page.
Redmond's first professional work in acting was with musicals performed by stock companies in the Cleveland area.
They stayed in Los Angeles together for 18 years as both attained success in television.
She was born in Gracey, Kentucky, USA and died in Arcadia, California. 
She was born in Chicago, Illinois but moved to San Francisco, California with her parents at a young age.
She has since been vice-president of a real estate firm and has worked in costume design and interior decoration. 
There she finished the rest of her schooling, first at Hewes Middle School and then at Foothill High School.
On May 14, 2014, her mother, Janelle Harshman, died from breast cancer after a 20-year battle with the disease.
At 5, she learned to play piano, and at 8, she began acting and met her first manager.
She has also been in several films which, for unknown reasons, were not released.
In the early 1980s, Martindale worked for four years at the Actors Theatre of Louisville in Kentucky.
She received a Tony Award nomination for Best Featured Actress in a Play, for her work in the role.
Other major cast in the project included Julia Roberts, Juliette Lewis, and Sam Shepard.
A series of character and guest appearances followed in a wide range of TV shows.
She won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series for her performance.
She won Best Supporting Actress in a Drama Series at the Critics' Choice Television Awards for her role as Mags Bennett.
In 2005, Kidder became a naturalized U.S. citizen, and is an outspoken political and environmental activist.
Her mother was from British Columbia and her father was from New Mexico, United States.
She was born in Yellowknife because of her father's job, which required the family to live in remote locations.
Kidder attended multiple schools through her youth, and graduated from Havergal College in 1966.
She has a sister, Annie, and three brothers, John, Michael and Peter.
In the late 1960s, Kidder was based in Toronto, and in 1970, Vancouver.
Kidder also appeared in a number of low-budget Canadian movies in the late 1960s , and the early 1970s.
In 2000, Kidder played Eileen Canboro in ', a Christian film dealing with Christian eschatology and the Rapture.
Kidder stated afterwards that she did not realize until she was on the set that the movie was serious.
I live in a little town in Montana, and you have to drag me out of here to get to L.A., so I’m not readily available.
Since her divorce from De Broca, she has said that she prefers the companionship of her dogs.
She has two grandchildren, Maisie and Charlie Kirn, from her daughter's marriage to the novelist Walter Kirn.
Kidder has been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, which led to a widely publicized manic episode in April 1996.
In 2007, Kidder said that she had not had a manic episode in 11 years.
As of November 2009, Kidder was the Montana State Coordinator for Progressive Democrats of America.
In addition to her campaigning in the United States, Kidder has expressed support for liberal causes in Canada.
Kidder became a United States citizen on August 17, 2005, in Butte, Montana; she lives in Livingston, Montana.
 Marguerite Churchill Marguerite Churchill was an American film actress with a film career spanning from 1929 to 1952.
She was daughter of a producer who owned a chain of theaters but he died when she was ten years old.
She was educated in New York at the Professional Children's School and the Theatre Guild Dramatic School.
She appeared on stage and was applauded on Broadway as a leading lady when just sixteen years old.
They had three children, one of whom was novelist Darcy O'Brien, whom she outlived by two years.
Her daughter Orin O'Brien has played double bass for the New York Philharmonic Orchestra since 1966.
After her divorce from O'Brien, she appeared in one movie and a few television plays.
In 1960, she moved to Rome, Italy and in 1970 to Lisbon, Portugal.
She came back to the United States in the 1990s to live near her son, Darcy, whom she outlived by two years.
She died on January 9, 2000, aged 89, from natural causes in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma.
She finished school at age 16, decided to pursue a career in the theatre and soon made her Broadway debut in 1900.
Clark's popularity led to her signing a contract in 1914 to make motion pictures with Famous Players-Lasky.
Clark had a lead role in a film that defined Clark's persona; the influential film version of Snow White .
Also, film was not developed or mature enough to showcase Clark at her youthful best at the turn of the century.
Her next film, in 1921, was made by her own production company for First National Pictures distribution.
After the death of her husband, Clark moved to New York City where she lived with her sister Cora.
On September 20, 1940, she entered LeRoy Sanitarium where she died five days later of pneumonia.
A private funeral was held at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel on September 28.
She appeared in 179 films between 1909 and 1928 many of which were westerns with Broncho Billy Anderson and Harry Carey.
She was born in Ogden, Utah and died in Los Angeles, California in a road accident.
Her husband died in 1984 and she died two years later in Long Beach, California.
 Marguerite De La Motte Marguerite De La Motte was an American film actress, most notably of the silent film era.
Born in Duluth, Minnesota, De La Motte began her entertainment career studying ballet under Anna Pavlova.
In 1919, she became the dance star of Sid Grauman on the stage of his theater.
Her career as an actress slowed dramatically at the end of the silent film era of the 1920s.
She first wed silent film actor John Bowers in 1924, who was then a matinee idol of silver screen.
De La Motte later married attorney Sidney H. Rivkin whom she later divorced after four years of marriage.
After her film career ended, De La Motte worked as an inspector in a southern California war plant during World War II.
Later she came to San Francisco, California, where she worked in the Red Cross office.
On March 10, 1950, De La Motte died of cerebral thrombosis in San Francisco, three months short of her 48th birthday.

In 2001 the actress starred as Katie in the cult classic Wet Hot American Summer.
She reprised this role in an eight-part prequel series produced by Netflix, which debuted on July 31, 2015.
She played Monica Young, a high school teacher having an affair with one of her students.
She was born as Marguerite Evelyn Cecilia Banks in Cleveland, Ohio, to a wealthy family with New England ties .
She fashioned her stage name of Namara from her mother's maiden name, McNamara.
During her years in Paris in the 1920s, she also studied painting with Claude Monet.
Her letters to family at home indicated the lessons came in return for her singing to him.
Exteriors were filmed in Ronda, Spain, but the troupe recorded the music in London with the London Symphony Orchestra.
In the 1940s and 50s, she divided her time between New York City and Europe.
She died on November 5, 1974, in Marbella, Spain, two weeks shy of her 86th birthday.
Her first wedding was to James Bosen, a director, whose professional name was James Cruze.
He was affiliated with Famous Players-Lasky and was one of the best-known directors in motion pictures.
During divorce proceedings in October 1923 Miss Snow testified that her husband frequently beat her.
The couple were at a party when the actress requested James take one of her women friends home.
After divorcing Cruze, Marguerite married Neely Edwards, film comedian, on December 25, 1925.
This play ran continuously in Hollywood, California, beginning in 1933, and continuing until the late 1950s.
The twenty-four-year-old shared some of the $150,000 in income derived from the bequest with her mother.
Julie Jane stated that her dad originally gave her the property to avoid losing it to creditors.
In 1957 Miss Snow underwent a kidney operation, with complications occurring, which could not be reversed.
Blanchard began appearing in films after she was seen by a producer in an advertisement for bubble bath in 1950.
Blanchard was married three times, to lawyer Reese Hale Taylor, then to George Shepard and Vincent J. Conti .
Following a long struggle she died at the age of 43 in Woodland Hills, California. 
Maria-Elena Laas was born in Ponce, Puerto Rico on 28 November 1983 and raised in Saudi Arabia and Japan.
In 2006 she also appears opposite George Clooney in a Nespresso commercial filmed by Michel Gondry. 
 Maria Alba María del Pilar Margarita Casajuana Martínez known as Maria Alba , was a Spanish-American film actress.
Maria Alba married Richard J. Burk on July 9, 1950; the couple had three children. 
Bamford was born at the naval base in Port Hueneme, California, where her father Joel was serving as a Navy doctor.
She grew up in Duluth, Minnesota, where she attended Chester Park Elementary and The Marshall School.
She started doing stand-up in Minneapolis, Minnesota, at age 19, at Stevie Ray's Comedy Cabaret.
Bamford has been in a number of movies and television shows, including voice appearances in cartoons.
Her stand-up comedy often takes the form of vignettes rather than the standard setup/punchline format.
For Christmas 2009, she released a free stand-up special online as a gift to her fans.
In 2013, Maria created and stars in a web series called 'Ask My Mom.'
Maria plays both herself and her mom, who answers questions sent in by fans.
Also in 2013, Bamford appeared as herself in one episode of the interview web series All Growz Up with Melinda Hill.
 Maria Beatty Maria Beatty is a New York filmmaker who directs, acts, and produces.
Her films are often made in black and white and cover various aspects of female sexuality, including BDSM and fetishism.
 Maria Ford Maria Ford is an American film and television actress, model and dancer.
 Maria Hart Maria Hart was an actress under contract to MGM from 1941 to 1948.
She was born as Barbara Ann McGhee on May 28, 1923 to Edna and James William McGhee.
Hart was married to movie producer Jack Seaman until their divorce in 1948; they had daughter, Rosalind Jill Seaman.
On January 22, 1951, she married actor Drake Smith in a double wedding with Jack Seaman.

She grew up in Terre Haute, Indiana, and, then, Columbus, Ohio.
Though they were never married, Alec Wildenstein ended up reaching a financial settlement with Kimberly.
She achieved success as a stage actress as a young woman in Russia, and as an elderly woman in Hollywood films.
Ouspenskaya was born in Tula, Russian Empire, and studied singing in Warsaw, Poland, and acting in Moscow.
She was a founding member of the First Studio, a theatre studio of the world-famous Moscow Art Theatre.
One of Ouspenskaya's students at the school during this period was Anne Baxter, then an unknown teenager.
Pogee received her education in the performing art in Buenos Aires at the Teatro Colon.
The group toured in the United States and Pogee left in 1961 to pursue other employment opportunities.
 Maria Quiban Maria Quiban is a weather anchor for KTTV-TV in Los Angeles, California.
Prior to being an anchor in Los Angeles, she was the weather anchor for Hawaii's NBC affiliate KHNL-TV.
When she was 9 years old she moved to Honolulu, Hawaii and was there until 1998.
She moved to Los Angeles, CA to work in the L.A. news market in 2000.
She has two children: She spends her free time talking to single young mothers about how they can be successful. 
O'Brien was married to actor Giovanni Ribisi from 1997 to 2001; they have a daughter together, Lucia Santina .
The film wasn't a success and after appearing in eight more films, Nixon retired from acting in 1936.
On August 11, 1929, Nixon married Chicago department store heir, Edward Hillman, Jr., at the home of his parents.
She had a brother, Timothy, and grew up in a creative environment, studying acting at the Neighborhood Playhouse.
In the mid-1960s, Seldes recorded five albums for Folkways Records of famous works of literature.
Seldes was a member of the drama faculty of The Juilliard School from 1967 to 1991.
Seldes died on October 6, 2014 in her Manhattan apartment following a long illness.

She was born in New York, New York, and died in San Francisco, California. 
 Marian Winters Marian Winters was an American actress of stage, film, and television.
Marian Winters was born Marian Weinstein, the eldest of four sisters born to Morris and Sophie Weinstein.
Her three sisters, Shirley Zeisel , Elaine Singer , and Annette Laster, long outlived her.
Winters was married to NBC executive Jay H. Smolin from 1946 or 1947 until her death in 1978.
Klaveno was a regular cast member for the first season and made guest appearances in the second season.
In February 2012, Klaveno married longtime boyfriend, Luis A. Patiño, a graduate of UCLA School of Law. 

A life member of The Actors Studio, Hill has appeared in more than 70 films and television episodes.


As a journalist, she has written pieces for the arts and culture magazines, BlackBook and Room 100.
She is the author of the book, Victoria Hagan: Interior Portraits, which was released on October 12, 2010.

Successful on stage in vaudeville and comic operas, she was also successful in film.
In 1914, she was in the first full-length film comedy and later won the Academy Award for Best Actress in 1931.
Leaving home at the age of fourteen, Dressler built a career on stage in travelling theatre troupes.
A large, plain woman, she learned early to appreciate her talent in making people laugh.
During World War I, along with other celebrities, she helped sell Liberty Bonds.
In 1927, she returned to films at the age of 59 and experienced a remarkable string of successes.
Her first known acting appearance was as Cupid at age five in a church theatrical performance in Lindsay, Ontario.
The pay was either $6 or $8 a week, and Dressler sent half to her mother.
It was at this time that Dressler adopted the name of an aunt as her stage name.
The identity of the aunt was never confirmed, though Dressler denied that she adopted the name from a store awning.
Dressler's sister Bonita, five years older, left home at about the same time.
The Nevada Stock Company was a travelling company that played mostly in the American Midwest.
Dressler would remain with the troupe for three years, while her sister left to marry playwright Richard Ganthony.
The company eventually ended up in a small Michigan town without money or a booking.
Dressler ended up in Philadelphia, where she joined the Starr Opera Company as a member of the chorus.
She was also known to have played the role of Princess Flametta in an 1887 production in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
She would remain with the company for three years, again on the road, playing roles of light opera.
After her contract was up, Dressler performed vaudeville in New York, Boston and other cities.
Dressler lost $40,000 on the production, a debt she eventually repaid in 1930.
She moved on to perform vaudeville at Young's Pier in Atlantic City for the summer.
In addition to her stage work, Dressler recorded for Edison Records in 1909 and 1910.
The play toured in Albany, Chicago, Kansas City and Philadelphia and was a flop.
After the war, Dressler returned to vaudeville in New York, and toured in Cleveland and Buffalo.
Dressler returned to the vaudeville stage with the Schubert Organization, travelling through the mid-west.
Her husband Jim travelled with her although he was very ill from degeneration of the kidneys.
Dalton's body was claimed by his ex-wife and he was buried in the Dalton plot.
After failing to sell a film script, Dressler took an extended trip to Europe in the fall of 1922.
To save money, Dressler moved into the Ritz Hotel, arranging for a small room at a discount.
In 1926, Dressler made a final appearance on Broadway as part of an Old Timers' bill at the Palace Theatre.
Dressler had appeared in two shorts as herself, but her first role in a feature film came in 1914, at the age of 44.
In 1902, she had met fellow Canadian Mack Sennett and helped him get a job in the theater.
In 1925, Dressler filmed a pair of two-reel short movies in Europe for producer Harry Reichenbach.
Later that year, Frances Marion, a screenwriter for the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer studio, came to Dressler's rescue.
Marion had seen Dressler in the 1925 vaudeville tour and witnessed Dressler at her professional low-point.
It was not shown again, and the negative and prints may have been destroyed.
While the film brought her to Hollywood, it did not establish Dressler's career.
Dressler had a memorable bit with Jean Harlow in the film: Harlow: I was reading a book the other day.
MGM held a huge birthday party for Dressler in 1933, broadcast live via radio.
Her newly regenerated career came to an abrupt end when she was diagnosed with terminal cancer in 1934.
MGM head Louis B. Mayer learned of Dressler's illness from her doctor and asked that she not be told.
To keep her home, he ordered her not to travel on her vacation because he wanted to put her in a new film.
Since her start in theatre, Dressler sent a portion of her salary to her parents.
In 1907, Dressler met Maine business man James Henry Dalton, who would become her companion until his death in 1921.
By 1921, Dalton had become an invalid due to degenerated kidneys and would watch her from the wings in a wheel-chair.
After finding work in film again in 1927, she rented a home in Hollywood on Hillside Avenue.
Although Dressler was working in films from 1927 on, she was still living hand to mouth.
During her seven years in Hollywood, Dressler lived with her maid Mamie Cox and later Mamie's husband Jerry.
Although Dressler was married twice, there have been rumors and conjecture that Dressler was a lesbian.
On Saturday July 28, 1934, Dressler died of cancer at the age of 65 in Santa Barbara, California.
Dressler left an estate worth $310,000, the bulk left to her sister Bonita.
The home was converted to a restaurant in 1937 and operated as a restaurant until 1989, when it was damaged by fire.
 Marie Eline Marie Eline was an American silent film child actress and sister of Grace Eline.
After her parents divorced, she eventually moved with her mother and stepfather to Yonkers, New York.
Shortly thereafter, she moved to Hollywood hoping to develop a career in show business.
In 1942, she was put under contract by Universal for $75 a week and immediately appeared in several minor roles.
She was eventually dropped by Universal and signed with Paramount Pictures, earning $100 a week.
McDonald and Kelly did not get along while shooting and the film was a financial failure.
McDonald's six marriages and various romances kept her in the media throughout her career.
In January 1943, McDonald married her agent, Victor Orsatti, in Reno, Nevada.
After McDonald suffered several miscarriages, the couple adopted two children, Denice and Harrison.
At the time of their separation, McDonald was pregnant with the couple's first biological child.
The following month, McDonald told the media that the two planned to marry after Capri's divorce.
On May 23, 1959, McDonald married television executive Louis Bass in Las Vegas.
On August 6, 1961, she married banker and attorney Edward Callahan in Las Vegas.
McDonald counter sued dismissing Callahan's claim, stating that they had lived together until September 7.
On January 5, a truck driver discovered McDonald on a highway near Indio, California.
The men then allowed McDonald to put on a robe and slippers and pack a small carrying case.
They then forced McDonald into their car where she claimed she was blindfolded and driven to a home.
At the home, McDonald said the men forced her to swallow pills which made her drowsy.
She also claimed that she was able to make the three phone calls when the men left the room.
The book tells the story of a movie star who is kidnapped by two men.
He also said that he doubted that two men would have easily abducted her as she would have surely fought back.
Her remains were interred in the Freedom Mausoleum at Forest Lawn Memorial Park, Glendale.
McDonald's three surviving children were raised by Harry Karl and his wife, Debbie Reynolds.
In October, 1930, Marie retired from acting and married an inventor 26 years her senior: Lee de Forest.
She became his fourth and longest-lasting wife, staying with him until his death in 1961.
In 1968, she became a Novice Class amateur radio operator; her call sign was WB6ZJR.
In 1973, she participated in a radio broadcast celebrating the centennial of her husband's birth.
Prevost appeared in dozens of Sennett's short comedy films before moving on to feature length films for Universal.
In 1922, she signed with Warner Bros. where her career flourished as a leading lady.
After years of drinking, Prevost died of acute alcoholism at the age of 38 in January 1937.
Prevost's estate was valued at $300 since she had squandered most of her earnings.
Her death prompted the Hollywood community to create the Motion Picture & Television Country House and Hospital.
When she was an infant, Teddy Dunn was killed when gas seeped into the St. Clair Tunnel.
After living in Ogden, Utah; Reno, Nevada; and Fresno, California, the family finally settled in Los Angeles.
By 1915, Prevost landed a job as a secretary at a law firm which represented the Keystone Film Company.
In 1919, Sennett cast Prevost in her first lead role in Yankee Doodle in Berlin.
Director King Baggot helped to secure her a contract with Universal for $1,000 a week.
Prevost was released from her contract with Keystone and she signed with Universal in 1921.
At Universal, Irving Thalberg took an interest in Prevost and decided to make her a star.
Thalberg ensured that she received a great deal of publicity and staged numerous publicity events.
After her contract expired, Jack L. Warner signed her to a two-year contract at $1500 a week at Warner Bros. in 1922.
To publicize the film, Warner announced that the couple would marry on the film's set.
The publicity stunt worked and thousands of fans sent gifts and letters to the couple.
In early 1926, Warner Bros. decided to not renew Prevost and Harlan's contracts .
Adding to her depression was the end of her marriage to Kenneth Harlan - the two separated in 1927.
By 1934, she had no work at all and her financial situation deteriorated dramatically.
The marriage was not known to the public until Gerke filed for divorce in August 1923 citing desertion.
Gerke claimed that the marriage was kept a secret because Prevost feared it would damage her budding acting career.
On January 21, 1937, Prevost died of acute alcoholism at the age of 38.
Her body was not discovered until January 23, after neighbors complained about her dog's incessant barking.
Police found several empty liquor bottles in the room along with a promissory note to Joan Crawford for $110.
Prevost's sister had her remains cremated and combined them with their mother's, who had died in 1926.
In February 1937, it was discovered that Prevost's estate was valued at $300.
She was married to a former Savannah, Georgia police chief, William G. Austin.
In 1922 Shotwell became executrix for the estate of her friend, New York City public school teacher Marie J. Pearson.
Shotwell was sued by an undertaker for $245, the amount of the burial bill.

Born in Anaheim, California, Wilson began her career in New York City as a dancer on the Broadway stage.
Wilson married four times: Nick Grinde , LA golf pro Bob Stevens , Allan Nixon and Robert Fallon .
After they divorced, she married Jack Hupp, a member of the 1936 U.S. Olympic basketball team.
Her mother, Mary Hellmund, is Cuban, and her father, Enrique Delfino, is Venezuelan.

Raised in a theatrical family, Marietta Marich's unique and wide-ranging career has spanned more than 50 years.
A second marriage to Patrick Boyriven on August 13, 1978 produced two children, Sean and Justine .
In 2009, Hartley spoke at a suicide and violence prevention forum about her father's suicide.
Hartley began her career in her teens as a stage actress, coached and mentored by Eva Le Gallienne.
She worked with Rod Serling and Gene Roddenberry, two creators of television science fiction.
The two actors had such on-screen chemistry that it was often believed that they were married in real life.
The photos were run in a tabloid trying to provoke a scandal, causing a good deal of attention.
Both of her parents died in their 50s, which prompted her to lead a healthier lifestyle.
She played for her charity The Alzheimer's Association and won over $50,000 for the cause.
She returned, after being eliminated, for the final task to assist Trace Adkins.
Her first two marriages, to actor Frederic Forrest and director Robert Lieberman, ended in divorce.
She married Michael Brown, a former college classmate, on December 21, 2006, before 100 people in her Los Angeles home.
Henner has two children, Nicholas Morgan and Joseph Marlon, from her marriage to Lieberman.
Henner has hyperthymesia and can remember the specific details of her everyday life since she was a small child.
As a longtime friend of 60 Minutes correspondent Lesley Stahl, Henner was included on the show.
Marilyn Louise Brown was born on March 9, 1953 in San Jose, California.
Outside of her sparse movie credits, Marilyn also acted in a few off-off-Broadway stage productions.
She committed suicide at age 44 on July 22, 1997 by jumping off a Los Angeles freeway overpass.
She died from pancreatic cancer in Austin, Texas, on March 27, 1990.
Burns attended the University of Texas at Austin and graduated from there with a degree in Drama in 1971.
The film was a massive hit, becoming one of the most successful independent films ever at the time.
She reportedly died of a heart attack in her sleep, although this has not been confirmed. 
She has been married to her second husband, actor Lee Wallace, since December 14, 1975; the couple has one child. 
In her later career, after 1962, she primarily played roles on westerns and crime dramas.
This situation comedy ran from September 1960 through May 1961 on the CBS television network.
Harris was born in San Fernando, California and placed in a Los Angeles orphanage shortly after her birth.
The shot of Maria being thrown into the water was cut from original prints and only restored in the 1980s.
On December 1, 1999, she died of cancer and heart failure in Los Angeles at the age of 75. 

 Marilyn Lovell Matz Marilyn Lovell Matz was an American actress, singer, AIDS activist and therapist.
During the 1970s and 1980s, Lovell began to pursue other professions and interests outside of entertainment.
She specifically focused on AIDS patients with the onset of the AIDS epidemic during the 1980s.
Lovell and her husband, Peter Matz, held fundraisers which raised thousands of dollars for AIDS Project Los Angeles.
Her husband, composer Peter Matz, whom she married in 1981, died in 2002. 
 Marilyn Miller Marilyn Miller was one of the most popular Broadway musical stars of the 1920s and early 1930s.
At the time of her death, Miller was described as having been in retirement.
In 1932, she announced her intention to marry the movie actor Don Alvarado, but the wedding did not take place.
Miller had a long history of sinus infections, and her health was compromised by an increasing dependency on alcohol.
Initially calling herself Marilynn, she would drop one of the n's, at the urging of Florenz Ziegfeld.
Marilyn Monroe would 'become' Marilyn Miller herself when she married the playwright Arthur Miller in 1956.
After a series of minor film roles, she signed a new contract with Fox in 1951.
She dedicated 1955 to building her company and began studying method acting at the Actors Studio.
In late 1955, Fox gave her a new contract, which gave her more control and a larger salary.
She died at the age of 36 from an overdose of barbiturates at her home in Los Angeles on August 5, 1962.
Gladys' older children, Robert and Berniece , were from her first marriage to John Newton Baker in 1917–1923.
After she had filed for divorce in 1921, Baker had taken the children with him to his native Kentucky.
Monroe was not told that she had a sister until she was 12, and met her for the first time as an adult.
During her childhood, Mortenson, Mortensen and Baker were all used as her surnames.
She then began visiting her daughter on the weekends and planned on taking her back once she felt more stable.
However, only some months later in early 1934, Gladys had a mental breakdown and was hospitalized.
She spent the rest of her life in and out of hospitals, and was only occasionally in contact with Monroe.
Grace became her legal guardian in 1936, and took Monroe out of the orphanage in June 1937.
She was enrolled in Emerson Junior High School and was taken to weekly Christian Science services with Lower.
In early 1942, the company that Doc Goddard worked for required him to relocate to West Virginia.
Biographers disagree on whether they had already been dating or whether the marriage was entirely arranged by Grace.
They married on June 19, 1942, just after Monroe had turned 16, and she subsequently dropped out of high school.
Impressed by her success, Snively arranged a contract for Monroe with an acting agency in June 1946.
In September 1946, she was granted a divorce from Dougherty, allowing her to concentrate fully on her acting career.
Monroe's contract was not renewed in August 1947, and she returned to modeling.
Monroe landed her next film contract in March 1948, this time with Columbia Pictures.
Hyde began representing her and their relationship soon became sexual, although she refused his proposals of marriage.
Monroe also continued modeling, and in May 1949 posed for nude photos shot by photographer Tom Kelley.
In the former, Monroe played Angela, the young mistress of an aging criminal.
Following Monroe's success in these roles, Hyde negotiated a seven-year contract with 20th Century-Fox in December 1950.
Despite her grief, 1951 turned out to be a year in which she started gaining more visibility.
Her dependence on her acting coaches, first Natasha Lytess and later Paula Strasberg, also irritated directors.
Upon the film's release in January, women's clubs protested against it as immoral.
Despite mixed reviews, the film was Monroe's biggest box office success so far, earning $8 million in world rentals.
The musical was unsuccessful upon its release in December, with Monroe's performance considered vulgar by many critics.
, in which her lookalike Jayne Mansfield played a dumb actress who starts her own production company.
To remain in the public eye, Monroe arranged publicity for herself throughout the year.
By the end of the year, Monroe and Fox had come to an agreement about a new seven-year contract.
It was clear that MMP would not be able to finance films alone, and the studio was eager to have Monroe working again.
She would also be free to make one film with MMP per each completed film for Fox.
With the marriage, Monroe converted to Judaism, which led Egypt to ban all of her films.
She played Chérie, a saloon singer whose dreams of stardom are complicated by a naïve cowboy who falls in love with her.
He also disliked the constant presence of Paula Strasberg, Monroe's acting coach, on set.
Her drug use increased and, according to Spoto, she became pregnant and miscarried during the production.
She also had arguments with Greene over how MMP should be run, including whether Miller should join the company.
Despite the difficulties, the film was completed on schedule by the end of the year.
It was released in June 1957 to mixed reviews, and proved unpopular with American audiences.
After returning from England, Monroe took an 18-month hiatus from work to concentrate on married life on the East Coast.
She became pregnant in the summer of 1957, but it turned out to be ectopic and had to be terminated.
In August, filming was halted for her to spend a week detoxing in a Los Angeles hospital.
Monroe and Miller separated after filming wrapped, and she was granted a quick divorce in Mexico in January 1961.
In spring 1961, Monroe moved back to Los Angeles after six years in New York.
She began a relationship with Frank Sinatra, and in early 1962 purchased a house in Brentwood.
It was to be co-produced by MMP, to be directed by George Cukor and to co-star Dean Martin and Cyd Charisse.
She drew attention with her costume: a beige, skintight dress covered in rhinestones, which made her appear nude.
Greenson had been called to Monroe's house by her housekeeper Eunice Murray, who was staying overnight.
Due to these facts and the lack of any indication of foul play, her death was classified a probable suicide.
Besides Grable, she was often compared to another iconic blonde, 1930s film star Jean Harlow.
The importance of blondness to Monroe's star image has also been analyzed by film historians.
On the one hand, she remains a sex symbol, beauty icon and one of the most famous stars of classical Hollywood cinema.
Others, such as Haskell, Rose, and Churchwell, have instead stressed Monroe's agency in her career.
While Monroe remains a cultural icon, critics are divided on her legacy as an actress.
However, her professional career path changed when she traveled to Los Angeles with her mother while attending Arizona.
By chance, Nash met actor and director Charlie Chaplin while playing tennis at the Beverly Hills Hotel.
She moved to Oroville, located in northern California, with her second husband, Dr. Donald P. Franks.
There Nash worked as a casting director, specializing specifically in films shot in the region surrounding Oroville.
Her first husband was screenwriter, Philip Yordan, who introduced her to Hollywood's highest echelons.
Her second marriage was to Dr. Donald P. Franks, with whom she moved to Oroville.
Her first husband, Philip Yordan, had introduced Nash to Castle during the 1950s.
Her memorial service was held at the St. Augustine of Canterbury Anglican Church in Chico, California.
Despite being a main cast member, she rarely made appearances after the show's eighth season.
She was quietly phased out of the series, and her last appearances as a regular were in the ninth season of the series.
She made only one appearance each in the last three seasons, though she was still credited as a regular.

Sais' acting career spanned over four decades and she is possibly best recalled for appearing in Western themed films.
Sais also continued to work under the direction of Horne in dozens of Western shorts.
In December 1915, Sais was filming a lead role on location in the Mojave Desert when a sudden sandstorm blew in.
She and the film crew were stranded for a day, unable to get to the nearest settlement.
She suffered seriously from exposure but recuperated after a few days of rest in Los Angeles, California.
In 1916 she began appearing as the character Barbara Brent in a Horne directed Western series of shorts.
By the mid-1920s Marin Sais' career was declining and she began appearing in a number of lower budget Westerns.
As a star in her 20s, prior to the end of World War I, Sais' home was in Glendale, California.

 Marion Brash Marion Brash is an American actress known for her work in television and cinema.
Brash is now a tour guide for the Gray Line double-decker bus company in New York City. 
Burns was born in Los Angeles, California, making her way to Hollywood to pursue a career in acting.
That film started her on the path of starring in western films as a heroine.
At the height of the struggle, the heroine, Marion Burns, runs in and saves the hero from the python.
She married screenwriter Lou Breslow in 1932 and they had two sons, Lawrence Samuel Breslow and Daniel Robert Breslow .
 Marion Davies Marion Davies was an American film actress, producer, screenwriter, and philanthropist.
She retired from the screen in 1937, choosing to devote herself to Hearst and charitable work.
In Hearst's declining years, Davies provided financial as well as emotional support until his death in 1951.
She worked as a model and posed for illustrators Harrison Fisher and Howard Chandler Christy.
Davies wrote the film, which was directed by her brother-in-law, prominent Broadway producer George W. Lederer.
She was on her way to being the most infamously advertised actress in the world.
During the next ten years she appeared in 29 films, an average of almost three films a year.
According to her own audio diaries, she met Hearst long before she had started working in films.
Example: in 1929 Mr. Hearst purchased the Cameo Theatre, 934 Market Street, San Francisco.
King Vidor saw Davies as a comedic actress instead of the dramatic actress that Hearst wanted her to be.
Frequent guests included, among others, Charlie Chaplin, Douglas Fairbanks, and a young John F. Kennedy.
The coming of sound made Davies nervous because she had never completely overcome a childhood stutter.
She was involved with many aspects of her films and was considered an astute businesswoman.
When Cosmopolitan Pictures folded, Davies left the film business and retreated to San Simeon.
She suffered a minor stroke in 1956, and later underwent surgery on her jawbone for osteomyelitis.
Twelve days after the operation, Davies fell in her hospital room and broke her leg.
At one point, he reportedly came close to marrying Davies, but decided his wife's settlement demands were too high.
Hearst was extremely jealous and possessive of her, even though he was married throughout their relationship.
Grey quoted Davies saying: By the late 1930s, Hearst was suffering financial reversals.
After selling St Donat's Castle, Davies bailed him out by writing out a check for $1 million.
The child was rumored to be Patricia Lake , who was publicly identified as Davies' niece.
On October 3, 1993, Lake died of complications from lung cancer in Indian Wells, California.
Lake's claim was published in her death notice, which was published in newspapers.
Lake told her friends and family that Davies became pregnant by Hearst in the early 1920s.
Lake claimed she was born in a Catholic hospital outside of Paris between 1920 and 1923 .
Lake stated that Hearst paid for her schooling and both Davies and Hearst spent considerable time with her.
Ince was put on a train bound for Los Angeles, but was removed from the train at Del Mar when his condition worsened.
He was given medical attention by Dr. T. A. Parker and a nurse, Jesse Howard.
He was taken to his Hollywood home where he died the following day of a heart condition.
Eleven weeks and one day after Hearst's death, Davies married Horace Brown on October 31, 1951, in Las Vegas.
Davies died of stomach cancer on September 22, 1961, in her home in Hollywood, California.
The wife was a puppet and a prisoner; the mistress was never less than a princess.
Xanadu was a lonely fortress, and Susan was quite right to escape from it.
Born as Marion Thornburg in Fort Smith, Arkansas, she was the elder sister of actress Betty Hutton.
Their mother worked a variety of jobs to support the family until she became a successful bootlegger.
Hutton was discovered by Glenn Miller and was invited to join the Glenn Miller Orchestra in 1938.
Hutton was not allowed to sing in the nightclubs due to the fact she was underage.
Basinger feels that in the early forties, Marion was more popular than her sister Betty.
Marion Hutton appeared with the Desi Arnaz orchestra in October 1947 at the Radio City Theatre in Minneapolis.
Her next marriage, to writer Jack Douglas, produced a third son, Peter.
During the 1960s and 70s, Hutton and Schoen lived in Laguna Beach but later moved due to increasing financial problems.
Marion Hutton died of cancer on January 10, 1987 at age 67, in Kirkland, Washington. 
Of her films made at Biograph, thirty-two were with an up-and-coming young actress named Mary Pickford.
 Marion Lorne Marion Lorne was an American actress of stage, film, and television.
While her year of birth is listed as 1885 , it was usually listed as 1888 when she was alive.
The 1900 census, enumerated on June 1, 1900, gave her age as 16 and the month and year of her birth as August 1883.
Aunt Clara is obsessed with doorknobs, often bringing her collection with her on visits.
Lorne had an extensive collection of doorknobs in real life, some of which she used as props in the series.
Martin was born Marion Suplee in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the daughter of a Bethlehem Steel executive.
Several of her early roles were in musicals and she achieved some success as a singer.
She died in 1985 in Santa Monica, California, and was buried in Holy Cross Cemetery in Culver City, California. 
From 1930 to 1936 she starred in forty two films, mostly westerns or mysteries.
Despite her success in films, Shilling retired in 1936, to marry and have a family.
She never returned to acting, and died from natural causes on November 6, 2004, in Torrance, California, aged 93. 
She was born in Louisville, Kentucky, United States and died in New York, New York.

Her younger sister, Berinthia, became a model, actress, and photographer as Berry Berenson.
Her first husband was James Randall, a rivet manufacturer; they wed in Beverly Hills, in 1976 and divorced in 1978.
Her second husband was Aaron Richard Golub, a lawyer, whom she married in 1982 and divorced in 1987.
Marisa was also in an airplane during the terrorist attacks, flying from Paris to New York.
Lifetime did not pick the series up for a second season despite a strong following.

Ramirez attended an all-girls school in Alhambra, California at the Ramona Convent Secondary School.
Ramirez is known to TV audiences from starring roles on four prime time and two notable daytime series.
Ramirez briefly returned to the show in early 2007 as Carmen's cousin, Ines Vargas.

She has a younger brother, actor Adam Tomei, and was partly raised by her paternal grandparents, Rita and Romeo Tomei.
After graduating from Edward R. Murrow High School in 1982, she attended Boston University for a year.
The role earned her rave reviews and the Theatre World Award for outstanding debut on stage.
In the episode, George Constanza attempts to get a date with her through a friend of Elaine Benes.
Tomei also shared a Screen Actors Guild Award nomination for Outstanding Performance by a Cast.
She won a Gracie Allen Award for Supporting Actress in a Drama Series for her work in the four episodes she appeared in.
Tomei hosted the 2011 Scientific and Technical Awards, which was followed by an appearance at the 83rd Academy Awards.
In an interview, Lady Gaga stated that she would want Tomei to portray her in a film about the singer.
Hargitay's parents divorced in May 1963, but a judge later found their Mexican divorce invalid.
They reconciled a few months before Hargitay's birth in January 1964, but soon separated again.
In August 1964 her mother successfully petitioned the court to rule the Mexican divorce legal.
Her brothers Miklós and Zoltán were also in the car, but escaped with minor injuries.
After the death of their mother, the three siblings were raised by their father and his third wife, Ellen Siano.
By the time she was a freshman in college, Hargitay had an agent and several small roles to her credit.
You're going to be there for each other, and they're going to be there for you.
For example, I'm going to fall back, knowing that you'll catch me.
Everyone gets out some nervous laughter, and then they all took turns doing it.
'Okay, Mariska, cross your arms in front of you and gently fall back,' I said.
For the female lead – Detective Olivia Benson – Samantha Mathis, Reiko Aylesworth, and Hargitay were being considered.
For the male role – Detective Elliot Stabler – the finalists were Tim Matheson, John Slattery, and Christopher Meloni.
The duo, who Wolf believed had the perfect chemistry from the first time he saw them together, were his first choice.
Garth Ancier, then head of NBC Entertainment, agreed, and the rest of the panel assembled voiced their assent.
It was rumored that NBC threatened to replace Hargitay and Meloni if they persisted in their demands.
However, two months later it was officially reported that both their contracts had been renewed for two more years.
However, NBC chairman Bob Greenblatt later clarified that she would be in every episode of the season.
As of August 2012, Hargitay was earning approximately $400,000 - $500,000 per episode.
Hargitay speaks five languages — English, Hungarian, French, Spanish, and Italian.
On June 28, 2006, Hargitay gave birth to their son, August Miklos Friedrich Hermann, by an emergency caesarean section.
In October 2011, she and her husband adopted a baby boy, Andrew Nicolas Hargitay Hermann, who had been born in mid-2011.
Just 17 days later, on September 14, 2006, her father died from multiple myeloma in Los Angeles, California, at age 80.
On March 3, 2009, she was hospitalized after suffering chest pains related to the injury.
According to Hargitay, I started getting fan mail from survivors who felt a connection to Olivia.
In many of these letters, people would disclose their personal stories of abuse—some for the very first time.
According to Hargitay, the Foundation has raised $20 million and helped approximately 5,000 survivors as of April 2011.
She received UCLA's TFT Distinguished Alumni Award in 2011 and was honored at the school's June commencement ceremony.
Hargitay was awarded with the 2,511th star of the Hollywood Walk of Fame on November 8, 2013.
Her star is placed next to the star of her mother, which is located at 6328 Hollywood Boulevard.

Winokur was born in New York City, the daughter of Maxine, a teacher, and Michael Winokur, an architect.
Winokur was a cheerleader and captain of her high school soccer team at Fox Lane High School.
She later studied at The American Musical and Dramatic Academy, graduating from the integrated program.
It was later revamped into a television film and aired to poor reviews in 2007.
The character was originated by Casey Wilson in the show's pilot, but made no other Season 1 appearances.
In that week's elimination, Marissa was the last female contestant to be saved before Monica Seles was eliminated.
In week four, Marissa performed a Paso Doble and was praised for her improvements, scoring 24 out of 30.
In week six, Marissa earned a 26 for a Viennese Waltz, her highest score so far.
Despite being third, however, Marissa found herself in the bottom two alongside Shannon.
During her last week on the show, she earned a 26 for both her Rumba and Quickstep.
Zev Isaac Miller was born July 22, 2008, weighing in at 8 pounds 7 ounces and measured 21 inches long.
She is the great-niece of two famous American writers: S. J. Perelman and Nathanael West. 
Her mother, Gay , is a manager of actors and writers, and her father, Al Ribisi, is a musician.
She starred alongside Matthew McConaughey and Adam Goldberg, who were then, like Ribisi, unknowns.
The actress played Cynthia, a socially marginalized girl who runs with two verbose outsiders .
In October 2007, Ribisi launched a fashion line, Whitley Kros, with partner Sophia Banks.
Ribisi married musician and recording artist Beck in April 2004, shortly before giving birth to their son, Cosimo Henri.

While working in Los Angeles, she reunited and lived with her roommate from Stephens College, Boni Ann Buehler.
Millar later assisted Buehler during her recovery after two limbs were amputated by a boat propeller .
In the early 1960s, she was choreographer for the Tacoma instrumental rock group The Ventures.
She was taken to a hospital and saved by massive blood transfusions after an appeal to the public for blood.
After marrying her fourth husband, she followed him to his duty station in Southern California.
 Marjorie Bransfield Marjorie Bransfield is a former actress, who was married to actor James Belushi .
Daw was married twice; her first marriage was to director A. Edward Sutherland in early 1923; it produced no children.
Daw died on March 18, 1979 in Huntington Beach, California, aged 77. 

 Marjorie Eaton Marjorie Lee Eaton was an American painter and film and television character actress.
Eaton was born in Oakland, California, and raised in the San Francisco suburb of Palo Alto.
She studied at The Art Institute of Boston, in Florence, Italy, and in Paris.
Eaton appeared both in film and on stage, performing in a number of Broadway plays.
On April 21, 1986, she died in her sleep at her childhood home in Palo Alto.
Her film work petered out in the late 1940s and she jumped into television roles.
 Marjorie Kane Marjorie Kane was an American film and stage actress born in Chicago, Illinois.
She appeared in 68 films between 1929 and 1951, occasionally under the name Babe Kane.
She appeared on stage for 11 years before she was signed to a 5 year contract with Mack Sennett in 1929.
Her contract was validated by Los Angeles superior Judge Keech due to her being under the legal signing age .
Lord was born in San Francisco, California, the daughter of Lillian Rosalie and George Charles Wollenberg.
In the 1970s, Lord was active in dinner theater productions, spending 34 weeks in such presentations in 1973 alone.
Hagen had played Thomas' wife since the series' inception, but she was written out of the script in 1956.
Lord has a star in the television section of the Hollywood Walk of Fame, at 6317 Hollywood Boulevard.
She wed actor John Archer December 30, 1941, and they had two children, including actress Anne Archer.
Her second husband was producer Randolph Hale, to whom she was married from 1958 until his death in 1974.
Her third husband was banker Harry Volk, to whom she was married from 1976 until his death in 2000. 
She worked in vaudeville on the Chautauqua and Orpheum Circuits, and debuted on Broadway in 1916.
Main was signed to a Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer contract in 1940, and stayed with the studio until the mid-1950s.
I didn't figure on having to run the show, I kinda tired of it after a few years.

She appeared in vaudeville and later in motion pictures, before becoming a noted fashion designer.
As a young girl she was in a group of traveling vaudeville players of the Junior Times Club in Los Angeles, California.
Accompanied by truckloads of ice cream, Montgomery and the others entertained children at hospitals.
In 1925 Montgomery entered the Mary Pickford silhouette contest which selected a lookalike of America's sweetheart.
Other aspiring young actresses like Virginia Davis, Cecilia Parker, and Mary Kestner, also submitted photos.
She began to sew for herself and her daughter as a young widow residing on an Arizona ranch.
These outfits served multiple formal and informal functions, being wearable both as hostess gowns and on the beach.

 Marjorie Reynolds Marjorie Reynolds was an American film and television actress, who appeared in more than 50 films.
Born Marjorie Goodspeed in Buhl, Idaho, she acted under the names of both Goodspeed and as Marjorie Moore.
Her career progression was hindered by the premature death of her mentor, Mark Sandrich.
 Marjorie Weaver Marjorie Weaver was an American film actress of the 1930s through the early 1950s.
From 1938 through 1945 she had twenty seven starring roles in films, some of which were B movies.
She had married businessman Don Briggs in 1943, with whom she would have a son and a daughter, Joel and Leigh.
She wed an American Army major named George Kimbrell, whom she met at a refugee camp in Germany following World War II.
She moved to the United States with Kimbrell and was cast in stage, television shows and film.
Marketa Kimbrell died of complications from Alzheimer's disease on July 6, 2011, in Sykesville, Maryland, aged 82.
She was survived by her two sons, seven grandchildren, one great-grandchild, and a sister. 
Born in Palo Alto, California, Post is the daughter of scientist Richard F. Post and Marylee Post, a poet.
Post is married to actor and writer Michael A. Ross, and has two daughters.
She was previously married to Stephen Knox, whom she met at Lewis and Clark College.

She was originally signed to a contract by Paramount Pictures after winning a San Diego beauty pageant.
A close relative told the publication that English had fallen in love with Paramount actor Larry Pennell.
She became enraged when the studio would not give Pennell a role in the film so they could travel to France together.
She gave up her acting career in 1956, aged 21, when she became engaged to San Diego businessman A. Paul Sutherland. 
Gibbs was born Margaret Theresa Bradley on June 14, 1931, in Chicago, Illinois to Ophelia Birdie and Douglas Bradley.
Shortly after high school, Gibbs moved to Detroit, Michigan where she attended Peters Business School.
She worked as a reservations agent for United Airlines before relocating with her children from Detroit to Los Angeles.
In order to be written out of the series the character was married off in the season 3 two-part episode 2/3 .
They skated with Sonia Henie and Dorothy Lewis and skated in their own ice revue's as well.
Maples and Donald Trump married in 1993, and together had one daughter named Tiffany.
She married Donald two months after the birth of their child, Tiffany Trump, born October 13, 1993.
As a host, Maples co-hosted the 1996 & 1997 Miss Universe Pageant, along with the 1997 Miss USA Pageant.

Sokoloff was born to Cindi and Howard Sokoloff, a former caterer and podiatrist, respectively.
They married on November 7, 2009 and have two daughters: Elliotte Anne and Olive Mae . 
In a 2000 interview, Clark claimed she was almost raped while filming a scene in one of her movies. 

The San Francisco Chronicle refers to Marlene Sai as one of the true icons of the islands.
Cummings put the song down on paper and later taught it to his then-teenage niece, Marlene Sai.
In 2007 Sai hosted the 23rd annual Ka Himeni Ana singing contest at the Hawai'i Theatre.
Sai's album Kainoa was considered 21st out of 50 of the all-time great albums of Hawaii by Honolulu Magazine 2004.
In the article it states that It wasn't recorded under the most ideal circumstances.
When she signed with Sounds of Hawai'i, the new label hadn't even finished building its studio.
The made for TV film premiered in Hawaii on January 17, 1993, on the 100th anniversary of the overthrow it depicted.
In September 2007, she was inducted into the Hawaiian Music Hall of Fame by the Hawaiian Music Foundation.
She is the second of four children; her sisters are Karen, Erin and Samantha Shelton .
She grew up in the residential neighborhood of Eagle Rock, where she attended Eagle Rock High School.
Shelton attended University of California, Los Angeles, where she majored in Film and Theatre.
Though the movie was not a commercial success, it received an extremely positive reaction from film critics.
The movie received mainly negative reviews and grossed $36 million, well below its budget $51 million.
She achieves the unthinkable with this script by managing to create somewhat of a character for herself.
It grossed $36 million worldwide, just recouping its production budget of $29 million.
The series was canceled after one season, on May 19, 2009, due to its inability to hold the CSI audience lead-in.
The movie also was given a limited release and received mixed feedback from critics and audiences alike.
As its predecessor, the movie received mixed reviews and made little interest on its limited release.
The film opened in selected theaters in May 2014, and simultaneously was released on video-on-demand.
As a result of decline in viewership, Lifetime announced the cancelation of the series, after one season.
He was her prom date and bought Shelton 100 roses, wore a tux and drove a black convertible Mustang to impress her.
When she is not acting, Shelton enjoys travelling, and has visited countries throughout Asia, South America and Africa.
On April 30, 2010, Shelton was arrested for driving under the influence of alcohol.
On May 21, 2010, Shelton pleaded no contest and was sentenced to two years probation and fined $240 plus penalties. 
She has a sister, Terre, and her brother, Tony Thomas, is a television and film producer.
Although it did not sell, it caught the attention of an ABC programming executive.
He met with Thomas, and expressed interest in casting her in her own series.
Thomas, however, ensured the show's success and it was put into production.
Thomas was only the second woman, following Lucille Ball, to produce her own series.
Both ABC and the show's sponsor, Clairol, wanted the series finale to be a wedding between the two central characters.
Also in 1972, she served as a California delegate to the Democratic National Convention in Miami Beach, Florida.
In 2010 Thomas created MarloThomas.com, a website for women aged 35+ on AOL and the Huffington Post.
She was married to musician J. Raymond Henderson from 1960 to 1962; she married Lee Harman in 1972. 
Patterson was raised as an only child by her mother in Los Angeles, California, where she was born.

The film won the Palme d'Or at the 1959 Cannes Film Festival and the 1960 Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
She married Camus, but divorced him soon after and married Belgian actor Eric Vander.
She was 74 years old and at the time of her death in Paris left five children and four grandchildren. 

She was the younger of two girls born to Earl Hunt, who worked as a lawyer, and later, a Social Security Administrator.
She graduated from the Horace Mann High School for Girls in 1924, at sixteen.
She was asked to denounce her activities if she wanted to find more work - she refused.
After the publication of Red Channels in 1950, work became scarce for Hunt and Presnell.
After being blacklisted, Hunt appeared in only three films during the next eight years.
She appeared in six films during the next three years before announcing her semi-retirement in 1960.
Hunt married her second husband, screenwriter and radio director Robert Presnell, Jr., in 1946.
Mason was born in St. Louis, Missouri, to James Joseph Mason, a printer, and his wife Jacqueline.
She and her younger sister, Linda , were raised Catholic and grew up in Crestwood.
Mason is a graduate of Nerinx Hall High School and Webster University, both in Webster Groves.
A resident of New Mexico, she had a farm in Abiquiu that grows certified organic herbs.
Shortly afterwards, Mason and Simon, a widower, fell in love and got married.
The film proved to be another big hit, garnering her a third Oscar nomination for Best Actress.
For her performance as Georgia Hines, Mason was highly praised and earned a fourth Best Actress Oscar nomination.
By this time, Mason and Simon had divorced, and her film career lost momentum.

She sang a medley from the operetta in four languages and received a spontaneous standing ovation.
She repeated this medley in 2000, at a gala to mark the 200th anniversary of Vienna's Theater an der Wien.
Her mature role allowed adult form-fitting fashions and hairstyles, as shown in publicity photos of the TV series.
She moved to Los Angeles, California, with her family in 1959 and is a graduate of Santa Monica High School.
When her daughter was born in 1969 she began making television commercials and eventually appeared in more than 40.
She and her husband live in Santa Monica, California, with a pair of rescue dogs. 
She started in May 1985 at age 15, taking over from another teenage actress.
From 2000 until 2003, Byrne also played a second role, Lily's long-lost twin, Rose D'Angelo.
Byrne again was the subject of controversy, as the sponsor of the second album was Philip Morris.
Their first child, Michael Terrence McMahon, was born on May 29, 1998.
Their third child and first daughter, Annmarie, was born June 12, 2006. 
For her union service she was awarded the Founder's Award, the Ken Harvey Award and the George Heller Gold Card. 

The Hyers were active in the Methodist church where her father was a highly respected Sunday school teacher.
Hyer graduated from Arlington Heights High School and then from Northwestern University with a degree in drama.
She then moved to California to study at the Pasadena Playhouse, and soon after was signed to a film contract with RKO.
She was married twice, first to producer C. Ray Stahl and later to producer Hal B. Wallis.
She appeared in uncredited and bit roles in B-movies for the next few years, occasionally working on television as well.

The school's director, Mrs. Bessire, had a son, William Kent Bessire.
The two women decided to name the school after their children—Mar came from Martha and KEN from Kent.
Her face appeared on such advertisements as Charm-Kurl Supreme Cold Wave and Max Factor Hollywood Face Powder.
Martha O'Driscoll, along with Hedda Hopper and Sid Grauman, were photographed at his side during that moment.
She toured with Errol Flynn and the USO in the early 1940s, performing for the troops all over the world.
In 1943, she married Lieutenant Commander Richard D. Adams on September 18, 1943, but they separated ten months later.
In the 1980s and 1990s, she was a guest speaker at numerous movie-nostalgia conventions.
She and her husband, Arthur Appleton, started Bridlewood Farm, in Ocala, Florida.
Bridlewood Farm remains recognized as one of the leaders of the Thoroughbred racing and breeding industry.
Martha O'Driscoll died on November 3, 1998, aged 76, in Miami, Florida.
She was survived by her husband, four children and two stepchildren as well as 13 grandchildren. 
 Martha Plimpton Martha Campbell Plimpton is an American stage, film, and television actress, singer, and former model.
She began a career trend, making small independent film appearances with supporting roles in big-budget films.
The intent was to spin the program off as a series, but Marshall died in 1998.
She won a Drama Desk Award and was nominated for a Tony award, Featured Actress in a Play.
She co-founded a production company, , which has produced short films for the Internet.
She received her third consecutive Tony nomination, for Best Featured Actress in a Musical.
I've played a few on TV, and I imagine because the shows get replayed, it seems like more.
The show premiered on September 21, 2010, receiving strong reviews for Plimpton and the pilot.
Her performance earned her a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series in 2012.
The limited engagement ran 18 weeks at the Golden Theatre and co-stars Lindsay Duncan, Bob Balaban and Clare Higgins.
The two had performed the song in 2008 at Joe's Pub and later in 2008 at the Zipper Factory.
Plimpton is on the board of directors of The Players, a New York City social club founded in 1888 by actor Edwin Booth.
She was born at St. James Hospital in Butte, Montana, as Margy Reed.
In the early 1930s, Raye was a band vocalist with the Paul Ash and Boris Morros orchestras.
In 1936, she was signed for comic roles by Paramount Pictures, and made her first picture for Paramount.
In 1968, she was awarded the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award in the form of an Oscar.
Some of the guest stars on the show were Zsa Zsa Gabor, Cesar Romero, and Broadway dancer Wayne Lamb.
Well-wishers gave her a St. Christopher's medal, a St. Genesius medal, and a Star of David.
After her recovery, she wore these amulets faithfully, although she was neither Roman Catholic nor Jewish.
Raye was a devout Methodist who regularly attended church, read the Bible daily, and even taught Sunday school classes.
She had one child, a daughter, Melodye Condos , with fourth husband Condos.
She suffered from Alzheimer's disease and had lost both legs in 1993 from poor circulation.
Raye died in Los Angeles at 78 of pneumonia on October 19, 1994, after a long history of cardiovascular disease.
She is the only civilian buried at this location who receives military honors each Veterans' Day.
Scott was born in Jamesport, Missouri, the daughter of Letha and Walter Alva Scott, an engineer and garage owner.
Per her last wishes she was interred next to Powell, in the Masonic Cemetery in her native Jamesport, Missouri.
Scott has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, at 6126 Hollywood Boulevard. 
 Martha Sleeper Martha Sleeper was a silent film comedienne of the 1920s and Broadway and film actress of the 1940s.
She studied dancing for five years with Russian ballet master, Louis H. Chalif, at his New York dancing studio.
Her father, William B. Sleeper, was an official of the Keith-Albee-Orpheum vaudeville circuit in New York City.
She was under contract to Hal Roach studios beginning in 1924, when she was 14 years old.
Her father was found dead of heart disease on September 1, 1925, in bed at his home on 1756 N. Tamarind Street.
Martha, then 15 years old, with her mother and sister, were away, having taken a short trip to New York City.
She wrote the story while doing screen work and performing four hours of school work daily.
Sleeper sewed native dresses in San Juan and resolved never to return to the US mainland.
Born Martha MacVicar in Ann Arbor, Michigan, she began her career as a model and cover girl.
Vickers was married three times; to A. C. Lyles , Mickey Rooney and actor Manuel Rojas .
She later became a film actress in the 1940s, starring in several Red Ryder Western films.
Martika was born in Whittier, California, United States to Cuban parents from Havana, Cuba.
The producers of the album did not like her vocals and so the song was re-recorded by Sara Hickman for the film.
The song has also been recorded by Brazilian singers Deborah Blando , Elba Ramalho and Frances Ruffelle.
However, the album was a bigger success abroad, though on a lesser scale than her debut.
In 2003, Martika joined forces with her husband, musician Michael Mozart, to form the band Oppera.
In October 2011, Martika stopped using the stage name Vida Edit and launched a new personal website.
As of October 1, 2012, she announced an Australian tour, but it was inexplicably canceled.
However, between 2012 and 2015 she appeared in a total of five live performances, all at small club venues.
 Martin Van Buren Martin Van Buren was an American politician who served as the eighth President of the United States .
Of Dutch descent, Van Buren learned early how to coordinate multiple ethnic and political groups.
He was successful in the jockeying to become Jackson's picked successor, and was elected vice president in 1832.
Van Buren faced several Whig opponents in his presidential bid in 1836, and was elected.
In 1840, Van Buren was voted out of office, losing to Whig candidate William Henry Harrison.
In the 1848 election Van Buren ran unsuccessfully as the candidate of the Free Soil Party.
Van Buren's health began to fail in 1861, and he died in July 1862 at the age of seventy-nine.
He was born in the village of Kinderhook, New York, on December 5, 1782, about south of Albany on the Hudson River.
The future president's father, Abraham Van Buren , was a farmer who owned a Kinderhook inn as well as six slaves.
He was active in local politics and government, and served as Kinderhook's town clerk from 1787 to 1797.
By his mother's first marriage, Van Buren had one half-sister and two half-brothers, including James I.
Van Alen, who practiced law with Van Buren for a time and served as a member of Congress .
When he first began his legal studies, he often presented an unkempt appearance in rough, homespun clothing.
Like Van Buren, she was raised in a Dutch home; she spoke primarily Dutch, and spoke English with a distinct accent.
After 12 years of marriage, Hannah Van Buren contracted tuberculosis and died on February 5, 1819, at the age of 35.
Van Alen, and once established in his practice, he became financially secure enough to increase his focus on politics.
He was a supporter of Aaron Burr, and allied himself with the George Clinton faction of the Democratic-Republican Party.
Van Buren was a member of the New York State Senate from 1812 to 1820, and joined the opposition party in 1813.
He replaced William Floyd as a presidential elector in 1820, and voted for James Monroe and Daniel D. Tompkins.
Early in his life Van Buren owned a slave, a man named Tom who served as his personal valet.
Tom ran away in 1814 and eventually settled in Canada, with Van Buren making no effort to locate him.
Since he still legally owned Tom , Van Buren privately agreed to sell Tom to the finder for $50.
The finder, a resident of Rensselaer County, had to guarantee that Tom could be captured without violence.
Senator from New York, defeating the incumbent Nathan Sanford who ran as the Clintonian candidate.
The House had to choose from among the top three candidates, so Clay was eliminated.
Because Clay had supported Adams in the House election, Jackson and Crawford supporters alleged corruption.
Martin Van Buren's tenure as New York governor is the second shortest on record.
While his term was short, he did manage to pass the Bank Safety Fund Law through the Legislature.
He was succeeded in the governorship by his Lieutenant Governor, Enos T. Throop, a member of the Regency.
He reached an agreement with the British to open trade with the British West Indies colonies.
In the controversy over the Bank of the United States, he sided with Jackson.
In December 1829, Jackson had already made known his wish that Van Buren receive the 1832 vice presidential nomination.
Van Buren did not leave office until June, and continued to play a part in the Kitchen Cabinet.
Calhoun opposed Van Buren, believing that Van Buren had attempted to keep him from becoming vice president.
Calhoun also opposed Van Buren for his role in the Petticoat Affair and his work on the 1828 tariff.
Far from ending Van Buren's career, Calhoun's action gave greater impetus to Van Buren's candidacy for vice president.
After a brief tour of Europe, Van Buren reached New York on July 5, 1832.
The Jackson-Van Buren ticket won the 1832 election, and Van Buren took office as Vice President in March 1833.
Van Buren was unanimously nominated by the 1835 Democratic National Convention at Baltimore, Maryland.
Regarding the national bank, Van Buren made clear that he opposed rechartering a national bank.
The Panic was followed by a five-year depression in which banks failed and unemployment reached record highs.
In a bold step, Van Buren reversed Andrew Jackson's policies and sought peace at home, as well as abroad.
To help secure Florida, Van Buren also continued the Second Seminole War, which had begun during Jackson's presidency.
Van Buren's rather elegant personal style was also an easy target for Whig attacks, such as the Gold Spoon Oration.
Nevertheless, Van Buren controlled his party and was unanimously renominated by the Democrats in 1840.
The revolt against Democratic rule led to the election of William Henry Harrison, the Whig candidate.
Pierce asked Van Buren to use his role as the senior living ex-President to issue a formal call.
Counties are named for Martin Van Buren in Michigan, Iowa, Arkansas, and Tennessee.
Cass County, Missouri was originally named for Van Buren, and was renamed in 1849 to honor Lewis Cass.
Cities and towns named for Van Buren include: Arkansas: Van Buren, Arkansas.
In addition, Van Buren Township in LaPorte County, Indiana was later merged with Noble Township.
Iowa: Van Buren Township, Jackson County, Iowa, Van Buren Township, Lee County, Iowa.
The small community was abandoned due to the construction and flooding of Taylorsville Lake from 1974 to 1983.
In addition, the now-defunct village of Martinsville in Sumpter Township was named for him.
It was incorporated in 1835, and its government organized in 1841.Van Buren Township, Putnam County, Ohio.
Mount Van Buren on the Palmer Land portion of Antarctica was named for Martin Van Buren.
She was active onstage with the former St. Louis Community Playhouse, Rooftop Players and the old Empress Theater.
 Mary-Kate Olsen Mary-Kate Olsen is a fashion designer, producer, author, businesswoman and former actress.
Olsen's one short scene was ultimately cut from theatrical release, but was included on the film's DVD.
In 2007, the sisters said that if they became involved in movies together again it would be as producers.
At the Sundance Film Festival, Academy Award–winner Sir Ben Kingsley, her co-star' praised her.
Mary-Kate and Ashley felt that their futures were in fashion, and not in acting.
The National Labor Committee, which organized the pledge, later praised the twins for their commitment to worker rights.
As adults, the Olsen twins have devoted much of their attention to the world of fashion.
In May 2012, Olsen began a relationship with Olivier Sarkozy, half brother of former French President Nicolas Sarkozy.
In March 2014, photos were published showing Olsen wearing what appeared to be an engagement ring.
In 2013, her horse Marvelous competed in and won the 38th Hampton Classic Horse Show.
In mid-2004, Olsen announced she had entered treatment for an eating disorder, anorexia nervosa.
Ledger's death and the fact that Ms. Olsen does not know the source of the drugs Mr.
At the age of six, they began starring together in TV, film, and video projects, which continued to their teenage years.
Despite being very similar in appearance, they are not identical, but fraternal twins.
The twins' parents divorced in 1995; Taylor and Jake are from their father's second marriage to McKenzie.
The Olsens continued to portray Michelle throughout the show's run, which concluded in 1995.
The series lasted only one season, but aired in reruns on cable for several years afterward.
It would be their last film together, as well as Ashley's last acting role.
Mary-Kate and Ashley were popular figures in the preteen market during the late 1990s and early 2000s.
The Dualstar brand has been sold in more than 3,000 stores in the United States and over 5,300 stores worldwide.
The twins were tapped as the faces of upscale fashion line Badgley Mischka in 2006.
The National Labor Committee, which organized the pledge, praised the twins for their commitment to worker rights.
In August 2013, the twins launched a new fashion line in Oslo, Norway.
Her ancestry includes Swedish , English, Scottish, Scots-Irish, German, and Dutch.
Parker majored in drama at the North Carolina School of the Arts and graduated in 1986.
She won the Clarence Derwent Award for her performance and was nominated for a Tony Award .
For her performance, Parker received Golden Globe and Emmy awards for Best Supporting Actress in a Miniseries.
The production, directed by Mark Brokaw, earned Parker another nomination for a Tony Award for Best Actress in 2005.
The play was directed by Daniel J. Sullivan and also starred Danny Burstein and Victoria Clark.
On February 12, 2008, Parker and Morgan announced their engagement, only to break up in April 2008.
In September 2007, Parker adopted a baby girl, Caroline Aberash Parker, from Ethiopia.
The actress began her involvement with the organization after meeting a former victim of Uganda's civil war. 


Alden was prolific as a motion picture actress throughout the 1920s and into the early 1930s.
Alden was interred at the Pierce Brothers Valhalla Memorial Park Cemetery in North Hollywood, California. 
After auditioning for the part of Scarlett O'Hara, she received the supporting role of Maybelle Merriweather.
Her second marriage was to cinematographer Leon Shamroy from 1953 until his death in 1974.
They had one child, Anderson Alexander Shamroy, who died July 1, 1956 at the age of two months.
Mary Anderson died on April 6, 2014 in Burbank, California, three days after her 96th birthday.
She wasn't pretty, but she was intelligent and willing and had just a touch of pathos in her makeup.
Jackson eventually took a job at the May Company in downtown Los Angeles, and made only a few brief forays into acting.
She married again, and spent many years with her second husband and her two children in the San Fernando Valley.
Later in life, Mary Ann and her sister Peaches would stop by Santa Monica bars and drink vodka martinis.
She did have fond regard for her days at the Hal Roach Studios and was impressed with her large fan following.
Mary Ann Jackson died of a heart attack at her home on December 17, 2003.
Her sister Peaches died just 22 months before her, on February 23, 2002, at her home in Hawaii.
She eventually transitioned to talkies, but nearly saw her career destroyed due to public scandal in the mid-1930s.
Astor's father was a German teacher at Quincy High School until the U.S. entered World War I.
Astor's mother, who had always wanted to be an actress, taught drama and elocution.
Astor was home-schooled in academics and was taught to play the piano by her father, who insisted she practice daily.
Her father then moved the family to New York City, in order for his daughter to act in motion pictures.
The Langhankes not only lived lavishly off of Astor's earnings, but kept her a virtual prisoner inside Moorcrest.
When her Warner Bros. contract ended, she signed a contract with Fox for $3,750 a week.
Astor took voice training and singing lessons in her time off, but no roles were offered.
Her acting career was then given a boost by her friend, Florence Eldridge , in whom she confided.
The play was a success and her voice was deemed suitable, being described as low and vibrant.
Astor had just finished a matinee performance at the Majestic when Florence Eldridge gave her the news.
She was rushed from the theatre to Eldridge's apartment; a replacement, Doris Lloyd, stepped in for the next show.
Astor remained with Eldridge at her apartment for some time, then soon returned to work.
After working on several more movies, she suffered delayed shock over her husband's death and had a nervous breakdown.
During the months of her illness, she was attended to by Dr. Franklyn Thorpe, whom she married on June 29, 1931.
This wealthy lord, at the behest of Gibson, attracts the attention of the gold-digger during lazy days at the manor.
Astor was expecting a baby in August, but gave birth in June in Honolulu.
Meanwhile, besides spending lavishly, her parents invested in the stock market, which often turned out unprofitable.
She had to turn to the Motion Picture Relief Fund in 1933 to pay her bills.
Unhappy with her marriage, she took a break from movie-making in 1933 and went to New York alone.
Dr. Franklyn Thorpe divorced Astor in 1935 and a custody battle resulted over their four-year-old daughter, Marylyn.
The diary was deemed inadmissible as a mutilated document, and a judge ordered it be sealed and impounded.
George Brent played her intermittent love interest, but the film's star was Bette Davis.
Davis wanted Astor cast in the role after watching her screen test and seeing her play Tchaikovsky's Piano Concerto No.
Astor further followed Davis's advice and sported a brazenly bobbed hairdo for the role.
Astor was not propelled into the upper echelon of movie stars by these successes, however.
That same year, Astor signed a seven-year contract with MGM, a regrettable mistake.
Astor found no redemption in playing what she considered another humdrum mother and grew despondent.
The studio wanted to renew her contract, promising better roles, but she declined the offer.
She admitted to alcoholism as far back as the 1930s, but it had never interfered with her work schedule or performance.
In 1951, she made a frantic call to her doctor and said that she had taken too many sleeping pills.
She also separated from her fourth husband, Thomas Wheelock , but did not actually divorce him until 1955.
After the tour, Astor lived in New York for four years and worked in the theater and on television.
She filmed her final scene with Cecil Kellaway at Oak Alley Plantation in southern Louisiana.
After 109 movies in a career spanning 45 years, she turned in her Screen Actors Guild card and retired.
She later moved to Fountain Valley, California, where she lived near her son, Tono del Campo and his family, until 1971.
Astor has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6701 Hollywood Boulevard in Hollywood.
She is married to Richard W. Wilt, Ph.D. , and the mother of two .
Badham defended the new novel and its portrayal of an older, more bigoted, Atticus Finch.
Born Mary Elizabeth Hughes in Alton, Illinois, Hughes' parents divorced in 1923.
She closed the shop in the late 1980s and began working as a telemarketer until 1991, when she was laid off.
While under contract to Fox, she also went on prearranged dates with Milton Berle and George Montgomery.
In 1940, against Fox's wishes, Hughes began a relationship with actor Robert Stack.
In 1973 Hughes married her manager, Nicky Stewart, but that marriage also ended in divorce four years later.
Mary Beth Hughes died at the age of 75 on August 27, 1995, of natural causes in Los Angeles. 
After an eleven-year absence, in 1931 she returned to Hollywood under contract to Paramount Pictures.
 Mary Bond Davis Mary Bond Davis is a singer, actor, and dancer from Los Angeles, California.
 Mary Brian Mary Brian was an American actress and movie star who made the transition from silent films to sound films.
She was born Louise Byrdie Dantzler in Corsicana, Texas, the daughter of Taurrence J. Dantzler and Louise B. .
Her father died when she was one month old and the family later moved to Dallas.
So, her prize was to be interviewed by director Herbert Brenon for a role in Peter Pan.
Brenon was recovering from eye surgery, and she spoke with him in a dimly lit room.
Out of the blue, he said, I would like to make a test.
It wouldn't seem right if the roles were to be taken by someone they knew or was divorced.
There she starred with Betty Bronson and Esther Ralston, and the three of them stayed close for the rest of their lives.
During her years at Paramount, Brian appeared in more than 40 movies as the juvenile lead, the ingenue or co-star.
In it, she played a spirited frontier heroine, schoolmarm Molly Stark Wood, who was the love interest of the Virginian .
That same year, she appeared on the vaudeville stage at New York's Palace Theatre.
Brian was absent from the screen from 1937 to 1943, and appeared in only a handful of films thereafter.
Over the course of 22 years, Brian had appeared in more than 79 movies.
During World War II, she entertained servicemen in the South Pacific and in Europe.
She started taking dance classes when she was five years old and later entered dance competitions.
She owned her own restaurant in Los Angeles in the 1990s, Mary's Lamb, that was frequented by many celebrities.
In 1999, she left California and moved back home to Connecticut to take care of her mother who had suffered a stroke.
 Mary Carr Mary Carr was an American film actress and was married to the actor William Carr .
Castle was born as Mary Ann Noblett to Erby G. Noblett, Sr. and Myrtle A. Noblett in Pampa, Texas.
Her brother, Erby Noblett, Jr. , taught her trick riding and later became a police officer in Long Beach.
When Castle left the series, she was replaced for the final thirteen episodes by Kristine Miller.
Castle and her third husband, Erwin A. Frezza, were married from 1971 to 1972.
A month later on November 26, she tried to hang herself upon being placed in a Beverly Hills jail.
She died of lung cancer at the age of 67 in Palm Springs, California. 
She married Eb Lottimer in 1978 , and secondly to Mark Brodka , by whom she has two children.
Viewers had to wait all summer to learn whether J.R. would survive, and which of his many enemies was responsible.
Dees died on August 4, 2004 in Lake Worth, Florida, aged 93, after a long illness. 
 Mary Eaton Mary Eaton was a leading American stage actress, singer, and dancer in the 1910s and 1920s.
While Eaton had a minor role in the show, it marked the beginning of her career in professional theatre.
They quickly gained reputations as professional, reliable, and versatile actors, and were rarely out of work.
Of all of the Eatons, Mary was perhaps the most famous and the most popular.
Throughout the 1920s, Eaton was a constant presence on Broadway, appearing in eight different productions.
Eaton's singing and dance routines, including her signature pirouette sequence, were featured.
The film's commercial failure, however, signaled the end of Eaton's starring career onscreen.
Many of the Eaton siblings, including Mary, found their careers in sharp decline in the early 1930s.
She was buried in Forest Lawn Cemetery in Los Angeles alongside other members of the Eaton family. 
Mastrantonio was born in Lombard, Illinois, to Mary Dominica and Frank A. Mastrantonio, both of Italian descent.
Her New York City stage performances have garnered her a Tony Award nomination and two Drama Desk Award nominations.
In 1988, she married Rob Wickstrom, with whom she has a daughter, Sydnee.
 Mary Elizabeth McGlynn Mary Elizabeth McGlynn is an American voice actress, ADR director and writer.
Fickett was born in Buffalo, New York and raised in Bronxville, a suburb of New York City.
She attended Wheaton College in Massachusetts, and made her theatrical debut in 1946 on Cape Cod.
Her third and final marriage was to Allen Fristoe from June 1979 until his death in 2008.
The pair tried to ignore their attraction until Ruth's husband was killed in a car accident.
Ruth married Joe onscreen, and she moved into the Martin house with Joe, mother-in-law Kate, and step-daughter Tara.
Ruth became an anti-war protester and made some of the first anti-Vietnam speeches aired on American Daytime Television.
This was another milestone for daytime TV, as it was the first time a war scene was aired on daytime television.
The audience saw Phil being hit by a bullet and going down, then carried away by a young Vietnamese boy .
He then tried to extort money from the Martin family, in exchange for stopping the lawsuit.
Fickett's second controversial storyline started when Ray showed up in a drunken rage and raped Ruth.
In the mid-1990s Fickett decided that she wanted to slow down her schedule and spend more time with her family.
In 2007, Fickett moved in with her daughter, Bronwyn Congdon, in Colonial Beach, Virginia, where she remained bedridden.
 Mary Field Mary Field was an American film actress who primarily appeared in supporting roles.
She also devoted her time to family and was active in the Hollywood Church of Religious Science with Dr. Robert Bitzer.
She lived there with her daughter, Susana Kerstein, and son-in- Law, Bob Kerstein.
While attending Northwestern, Frann worked as a weather reporter for the NBC station in St. Louis.
While working as a host, Frann worked in local theatre productions and began working in television and films.
In 1968, she moved to Los Angeles where she stayed with her best friend, actress Joan Van Ark.
After winning the role, Frann's agent told her that he felt she should change her name to something more appealing.
For the next five years, Frann continued to work in television and also worked in theatre in Los Angeles and New York.
At the time of her death, she was in a long term relationship with Jonathan Cookson.
On September 23, 1998, Frann died in her sleep at her home in Beverly Hills, California.
 Mary Fuller Mary Claire Fuller was an American stage and silent film actress and screenwriter.
Born in Washington, D.C., to Nora Swing and attorney Miles Fuller, she spent her childhood on a farm.
Her father died in 1902, and by 1906, she was working in the theater under the name Claire Fuller.
Fuller became a major early movie star who, by 1914, rivaled Mary Pickford in popularity.
Also, Fuller authored a number of screenplays, eight of which were made into films between 1913 and 1915.
Following this episode, Fuller disappeared from public view and her whereabouts remained a mystery for decades.
She retired from the film business, and went to live in her mother's home.
 Mary Grace Canfield Mary Grace Canfield was an American theatre, film and television actress.
Mary Grace Canfield was born in Rochester, New York, the second child of Hubert and Hildegard Canfield.
She appeared in more than 40 episodes of the show during its six-season run from 1965 to 1971.
Canfield died at age 89 from lung cancer on February 15, 2014 in Santa Barbara, California. 
Gross left in 1985 along with the rest of the cast, following executive producer Dick Ebersol's departure from the show.
In 2006 she was inducted into the Nevada Entertainment Artist Hall of Fame at University of Nevada, Las Vegas.
Healy died of natural causes February 3, 2015, in Calabasas, California, aged 96. 
 Mary Howard de Liagre Mary Howard de Liagre, née Rogers was an American actress usually credited as Mary Howard.
Mary was born in Independence, Kansas, the daughter of William Penn Adair Rogers and Betty Blake.
In 1945, she moved to New York and married Alfred de Liagre Jr., a film producer who died in 1987.
The play was about a woman who was searching for her lover who had just died in an airplane crash.
She in fact played the part in the unaired pilot although the role was subsequently taken by Frances Reid.
She was a schoolteacher during the Great Depression for one year before pursuing her interest in the theater.
Croft had previously had a recurring role as Audrey Simmons during the show's early seasons set in Danfield, New York.
Her only son, by a prior marriage, was killed in the Vietnam War during the period that she was co-starring with Ball.
Born in Columbia, South Carolina, Irving began her career as a child actor in silent films.
Seven months after her husband's death, Irving died in Los Angeles, California. 

In 2012, she portrayed Lily Blush in the independent feature Dreamworld, starring alongside Whit Hertford.
In 2013, Wiles was nominated for an IAWTV Award for Best Actress in a Comedy.
Wiles was a finalist for the 2nd Annual Streamys Audience Choice award for Personality of the Year.
 Mary Kay Adams Mary Kay Adams is an American actress known for her roles in television.
She attended Emerson College where she was a sister of Sigma Pi Theta and graduated with a Bachelor of Fine Arts.
 Mary Kay Place Mary Kay Place is an American actress, singer, director, and screen writer.
Place was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma, the daughter of Gwendolyn Lucille and Bradley Eugene Place.
The story focuses on a developing relationship between an isolated, rebellious 18-year-old and an engaging older man .
HBO chose not to air the series, and producers were seeking other networks to air it.
Kornman was one of the series′ biggest stars during its early years between 1922 and 1926.
She had no speaking roles and appeared when many children were needed for a scene such as a classroom.
She later achieved a degree of fame as an adult fashion model known as Ricki VanDusen.
She married Leo Tover, a cameraman, in 1934, but divorced approximately five years later.
She continued to appear in features until 1940, when she retired from the screen.
I have no regrets...We didn't have to be talented, which is natural for kids ...
According to The Lucky Corner website, Mary did not appear in any of the following four films. 
 Mary Lawrence Mary Lawrence was an American actress, who had a lengthy career in film and television.
Mary Loos died in Monterey, California, aged 94, due to complications following a stroke. 

Mary Louise Weller was born in New York City and was raised in Los Angeles' Westwood area.
Weller tried to get a movie based on her own original script made about jockey Mary Bacon, but it never materialized.

Rajskub was born in Detroit, Michigan and raised in nearby Trenton, the daughter of Betty and Tony Rajskub.
Her father is a pipefitter of Czech descent, and her mother worked as a pharmacist's assistant.
After being a regular guest star for two seasons, Rajskub became a main cast member in the show's fifth season.
By the end of the series, she was the lead female, with top billing second only to Kiefer Sutherland.
Her character also had the honor of saying the final words of the series in the season 8 series finale.
She has an educational background as a painter, having attended the San Francisco Art Institute.
The first season concluded in November 2011, but a second season is currently in development.
Afterwards, she dated music producer Jon Brion for five years until they broke up in the fall of 2002.
Rajskub met personal trainer Matthew Rolph when he approached her after one of her comedy sets.
Rajskub married Rolph on August 1, 2009 in an impromptu wedding in Las Vegas.
Born Mary MacDonald in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, she received her education at Greensburgh , Pennsylvania.
MacLaren was exceedingly athletic and spent much of her time in the surf near her California house.
MacLaren was of the blond beauty type, having masses of blond hair and blue eyes.

 Mary Martin Mary Virginia Martin was an American actress, singer, and Broadway star.
She had close relationships with both her mother and father, as well as her siblings.
Her autobiography details how the young actress had an instinctive ear for recreating musical sounds.
Martin's father, Preston Martin, was a lawyer, and her mother, Juanita Presley, was a violin teacher.
Mother was the disciplinarian, but it was Daddy who could turn me into an angel with just one look” .
She sang in a trio of little girls – herself, her sister, and Marion Swofford, dressed in bellhop uniforms.
“Even in those days without microphones, my high piping voice carried all over the square.
She got her first taste of singing solo at a fire hall, where she soaked up the crowd’s appreciation.
But that’s the way I was made; I truly don't think I could help it” .
She’d win prizes for looking, acting and dancing like Ruby Keeler and singing exactly like Bing Crosby.
Mother used to say she never had seen such a happy child—that I awakened each morning with a smile.
During a visit, Mary and Benjamin persuaded Mary's mother to allow them to marry.
Their honeymoon was at her parents' house, and Martin's dream of life with a family and a white-picket fence faded.
It was “Sister” who came to her rescue, suggesting that she should teach dance.
She was given a ballroom studio with the premise that she would sing in the lobby every Saturday.
There, she learned how to sing into a microphone and how to phrase blues songs.
One day at work, she accidentally walked into the wrong room where auditions were being held.
Having absolutely no idea what her key was, she sang regardless and got the job.
She scored her first professional gig, unaware that she would soon be center stage.
Soon after, Martin learned that her studio had been burnt down by a man who thought dancing was a sin.
Her father gave her advice, saying that she was too young to be married.
In Hollywood, Martin plunged herself into auditions—so many that she became known as “Audition Mary”.
In 1942, she joined the cast of Kraft Music Hall on NBC, replacing Connie Boswell.
Because of the show’s demanding schedule, Martin was unable to attend her father’s funeral.
A national tour with Preston began in March 1968, but was cancelled early due to Martin's illness.
She received the Kennedy Center Honors, an annual honor for career achievements, in 1989.
Cultural scholar Lillian Faderman has written that Martin and actress Janet Gaynor often traveled together.
 Mary Maurice Mary Maurice was an American actress, who appeared 139 films between 1909 and 1918.
She is the daughter of clinical therapist Norah and car dealership and ice cream parlor owner William McCormack.
She continued her stage work in musicals and finished an acting program at the William Esper Studio.
Her character soon became a recurring role and remained throughout the last three seasons until the series finale.
On July 28, 2010, the show was renewed for its fourth and fifth seasons, to run in 2011 and 2012.
After its end, McCormack was cast as the lead in Kari Lizer's untitled comedy pilot on ABC.
The film is directed by Aram Rappaport and produced by Hilary Shor, Atit Shah and Aaron Becker.
 Mary McDonnell Mary Eileen McDonnell is an American film, stage, and television actress.
McDonnell was born in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, and was raised in Ithaca, New York.
The mini-series led to the subsequent weekly series, with McDonnell reprising her Laura Roslin role.
The session also included Michael Hogan, as well as scientists Nick Bostrom and Kevin Warwick.
McDonnell received an Emmy nomination for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series in 2011 for the role.
 Mary Meade Mary Meade was an American film actress who rose to fame in the latter 1940s.
Her sister was Margaret Reilly, who later became an actress using the name Margaret Shelby.
At the age of five, she accompanied her sister, Margaret, on an audition because no babysitter was available.
She began her stage career and was frequently employed afterward, widely noted for both her talent and visual appeal.
With her photogenic features, blue eyes and curly blonde hair, she emulated and later rivaled Mary Pickford.
Newspapers reported that coded love letters written by Minter had been found in his bungalow after his death .
No life can return to this man.” She broke down and sobbed: “They crucified Jesus.
In 1925, Minter sued her mother for an accounting of the money Shelby had received for her during her screen career.
During the late 1970s and early 1980s, she was the victim of several robberies at her home in Santa Monica.
She later reconciled with her mother and proclaimed her love for Taylor throughout her life.
Her mother, Charlotte Shelby, died at Minter's house in Santa Monica, in 1957.
A former live-in companion and three other people were later charged with attempted murder and burglary.
For her contribution to motion pictures, she has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 1724 Vine Street in Hollywood.
She has two siblings, Aaron Parker Mouser and Laura Ashley Mouser, who are also in the acting business.
Film and Video Festival, Mouser received the Outstanding Performance Award for her voiceover work in '.
 Mary Murphy Mary Murphy was an American film and television actress of the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s.
Murphy was born in Washington, D.C., and spent most of her early childhood in Cleveland, Ohio.
Murphy died of heart disease at her home in Beverly Hills, California, aged 80. 
She is not to be confused with another actress with the same birthname, Mary Ryan .
Nash attended the Convent of St. Anne in Montreal and trained for acting at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts.
... Mary Nash's most sympathetic role was as the long-suffering wife of blustering capitalist J.
In 1918, she wed French actor, writer and director Jose Ruben ; they divorced after a brief marriage. 
 Mary Newcomb Mary Newcomb was an American actress who appeared on the British stage and films. 
She was signed to Universal Pictures in 1928 where she found some success in films.
By the 1930s, her acting career began to decline due to her drug abuse and reputation for being temperamental.
After being bought out of contract with Universal, she was unable to secure film work with any major studios.
Nolan spent the remainder of her acting career appearing in roles in low-budget films for independent studios.
Unable to care for five young children, Africanus Robertson placed Mary in a foster home.
In June 1912, she left the orphanage and traveled to New York City to be near her oldest sister, Mabel.
She was later discovered by magazine illustrator Arthur William Brown and began working as an artists' model.
Nolan had bruises on her head and body while Sneed, who came along with her as a witness, was also bandaged.
After the grand jury hearing, Tinney decided to leave New York to perform in vaudeville in England.
Tinney smashed the camera of the photographer who took their photo and was later sued for assault.
Nolan's tearful goodbye to Tinney was covered by the media which prompted Florenz Ziegfeld to fire Nolan later that day.
Ziegfeld said that he fired Nolan because she had promised to end her relationship with Tinney.
On September 20, 1924, Nolan set sail for France where she was scheduled to appear in vaudeville.
By December 1924, Tinney had resumed drinking and began to physically abuse her again.
She received good reviews for her work in the film which prompted UFA to offer her a contract for $1500 a week.
Nolan worked steadily in Germany from 1925 to 1927, and continued to receive favorable reviews for her acting.
While in Germany, she received offers from Hollywood producers to appear in American films but turned them down.
The film stars Lon Chaney and Lionel Barrymore, with Nolan cast as Chaney's defiled daughter Maizie.
The film was a hit and Nolan received favorable reviews for her work in the film.
The film was another financial success for M-G-M and served to boost Nolan's career.
Mannix used his clout to further Nolan's career and was responsible for her loan outs to M-G-M.
Nolan hospitalized for six months and required fifteen surgeries to repair damage Mannix inflicted on her abdomen.
After threatening to file a lawsuit against Universal, the studio bought her out of her contract in January 1931.
Nolan denied the allegations and claimed the nurses were lying in an attempt to ruin her reputation and career.
Due to her reputation for drug use and temperamental behavior, Nolan could not find work with any major studio.
For the remainder of her career, she appeared in supporting roles in low-budget films.
The couple used McCreary's remaining money to open a dress shop in Beverly Hills.
The shop went out of business within months and Nolan filed for bankruptcy in August 1931.
Hillyer, a man from whom Nolan had rented a house, accused her of stealing a $200 rug from the home.
In March 1932, Nolan and McCreary were convicted of violating seventeen labor laws and sentenced to thirty days in jail.
In July 1935, Nolan made news again when she filed a lawsuit against her former lover Eddie Mannix.
Fleming, Mannix was incensed that Nolan was suing him and had made details of their affair public knowledge.
After leaving Los Angeles, Nolan earned a living by appearing on the vaudeville circuit.
In Spring 1948, she was hospitalized for malnutrition and was also treated for a gall bladder disorder.
In late 1948, she began working on her memoirs with the help of writer John Preston.
On October 31, 1948, Nolan was found dead in her home at the age of 45.
Her funeral was held on November 4 at the Utter-McKinley & Strother Hollywood chapel in Hollywood.
 Mary Page Keller Mary Page Keller is an American actress known for roles on television.
In 2000s, she had recurring and guest-starring roles in a number of television dramas.
In April 2013, ABC Family picked up the pilot to series, for airing in 2014.
 Mary Parker Mary Parker was an American stage, television and screen actress Fort Worth area. 
The couple were married in August 1938; it was the second and final marriage for both.
She was married for a time to the composer Vic Mizzy with whom she had a widely publicized divorce.
Within a month she had landed her own show on NBC which led into Frank Sinatra’s hour.
Along with a selected stable of stars, they were promoted across the country on matchbooks, bottle caps and subway cars.
Small was successful on radio throughout the 1930s and 1940s and either hosted or was featured on a number of programs.
Throughout WW2 and beyond, radio stations' programming played a role in the war effort.
After leaving showbiz to raise two daughters, she returned to Broadway in 1966 and toured with a new Follies cast.
She also expanded into dramatic theater playing the role of Lenny Bruce’s mother in a play about his life.
In 1954, after a show at the Copacabana with Sammy Davis Jr., Richard Nixon and his wife Pat stopped by.
Afterwards the then Vice President made his way to the dressing rooms to thank them for the show.
In her later years, Small worked as a sought after vocal coach and performed in nightclubs in Manhattan.
An alumna of Hendrix College, Steenburgen received an honorary doctorate from the institution in 1989.
In 2006, Steenburgen received an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters degree from Lyon College in Batesville, Arkansas.
Stuart performed at her first public concert on January 8, 1974, at Catawba College in Salisbury, North Carolina.
While Jeffrey Krolik kept his birthname, Cynthia Krolik insisted on changing her name to Cynthia Stuart.
Jeffrey Krolik and Cynthia Stuart were both married in the Presbyterian Church, in which their mother raised them.
She had previously undergone an endoscopy and an operation to remove a tumor in her stomach in 1999.
She died the same month as actress Ellen Demming, who had played Meta for many years.
Thurman died of pneumonia in New York, New York in 1925 in Flower Hospital.
She had been ill for approximately one year after making a motion picture in Florida.
She also dealt with alcoholism, which she wrote about in her first of two memoirs.
Moore was born in the Brooklyn Heights section of Brooklyn, New York, to Marjorie and George Tyler Moore , a clerk.
The oldest of three siblings, Moore and her family lived in Flushing, Queens.
When she was eight years old, Moore moved with her family to Los Angeles.
After appearing in 39 Hotpoint TV commercials in five days, she received approximately $6,000.
On the show, Moore's voice was heard, but only her shapely legs appeared on camera, adding to the character's mystique.
The show was produced by Danny Thomas's company, and Thomas himself recommended her.
After six years of ratings in the top 20, the show slipped to number 39 during season seven.
All in all, during its seven seasons, the program held the record for winning the most Emmys – 29.
Moore had been using an earpiece on stage to feed her lines to the repeatedly rewritten play.
The MTM logo was a short video sequence parodying the MGM logo, but with a kitten meowing instead of a lion roaring.
She married Robert Levine on November 23, 1983, at the Pierre Hotel in New York City.
In 2011, she had surgery to remove a meningioma, a benign brain tumor.
In 2014 friends reported that she has heart and kidney problems and is nearly blind.
In this role, she has used her celebrity to help raise funds and awareness of diabetes mellitus type 1.
She is also a co-founder of Broadway Barks, an annual animal adopt-a-thon held in New York City.
Moore and friend Bernadette Peters have worked to make a no-kill city and to encourage adopting animals from shelters.
Then, in 1987, she received a Lifetime Achievement Award in Comedy from the American Comedy Awards.
A tall , gangling woman with a distinctive voice, Wickes would ultimately prove herself adept as a comedienne.
She continued playing supporting roles in films during the next decade, usually playing wisecracking characters.
She was interred beside her parents at the Shiloh Valley Cemetery in Shiloh, Illinois.
The film was Warhol's first major commercial success after a long line of avant-garde art films .

She moved to New York City at age 32 to try acting, after working as a copy editor and research assistant.
 María Canals Barrera María Canals Barrera is an American actress best known for her roles on television.
Canals Barrera co-starred in a number of short-lived sitcoms, worked as a voice actress, and appeared in several films.
She also co-starred in ', a 2009 Disney Channel Original movie based on series.
She was born in Louisville, Kentucky, USA and died in Long Beach, California. 


 Maude Fealy Maude Fealy was an American stage and silent film actress who survived into the talkie era.
Born Maude Mary Hawk in 1883 in Memphis, Tennessee, the daughter of actress and acting coach, Margaret Fealy.
A newspaper article reporting on the invention may be genuine, or may be a publicity stunt created to promote the play.
She taught in Grand Rapids, Michigan; Burbank, California; and Denver, Colorado.
In Denver, she met a drama critic from a local newspaper named Louis Sherwin.
The two married in secret because, as they expected, her domineering mother did not approve.
George, a niece of actress Grace George, was born in Riverside, California and died in Sepulveda, California. 
 Maude Turner Gordon Maude Turner Gordon was an American actress who appeared in 81 films between 1914 and 1938.
Her elder sister, , served as Grand President of Pi Beta Phi, from 1890-93.
Another sister, Nelle Turner, was a member of Pi Beta Phi Fraternity for Women.
Maude Turner married John C. Gordon on December 19, 1885 in Johnson County, Indiana.
Their daughter, Dorothy, an alumna of the Fauquier Institute of Warrenton, Virginia, married Lt. Robert A.
Born in Portland, Oregon, Prickett often portrayed maids, busybodies, spinsters, and nosy neighbors.
She also appeared in several episodes of The Andy Griffith Show as Mrs. Edna Larch, as well as Myrtle on Mayberry R.F.D.
In 1970 she played the role of Mrs. Thelma Benstead, a rental house landlord on the television series Dragnet.
First to Charles Fillmore Prickett II by whom she had one son and one daughter ; next to Eakle W. Cartwright, M.D.
Soden was born in Richmond, Virginia where she attended an all-girls catholic high school, Saint Gertrude High School.
Soden spent time working in each show business genre from sitcoms to reality shows to commercials.
In 2002, her short film, , won Best Short in the Festival Internacional de Cinema de Catalunya.
In 2001, Maura Soden and her husband founded a Los Angeles based production company.
Soden is married to Michael Loftus, with whom she has one daughter, Callahan Rose. 
After graduation, she attended New York University, where she majored first in dance, then in drama.
The film never received a theatrical release, although it was released on DVD in 2005.
In October 2008, she made her final regular appearance on the series after nearly 10 seasons on the show.
She returned to make a cameo appearance in one additional episode later in 2009 toward the end of the final season.
After being married for 13 years, she filed for divorce in 2006, citing irreconcilable differences.
 Maureen Anderman Maureen Anderman is an American actress best known for her work on the stage.
Anderman's career slowed down during the 1990s as she chose to focus on her family.


Stapleton moved to New York City at the age of eighteen, and did modeling to pay the bills.
She once said that it was her infatuation with the handsome Hollywood actor Joel McCrea which led her into acting.
She was an alumna of the famous Actors Studio in New York City, led by Lee Strasberg.
She became friends with Marilyn Monroe, who was only one year younger than Stapleton.
She had a son, Daniel, and a daughter, Katherine, by her first husband.
Teefy was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, one of eight sisters in a large Irish Catholic family.
Her acting career developed much more in the theater, singing and dancing in several Broadway musicals.
with Jed Whedon and Joss Whedon, and continues to work as an executive producer and showrunner.
She attended Occidental College, where she wrote two plays that won the Argonaut & Moore literary award.
On April 19, 2009, she married fellow writer Jed Whedon, brother of Joss Whedon.
In her younger years, Tancharoen was a member of the girl band Pretty in Pink.
The government was overthrown on 6 August 2008, in a military coup d'état led by General Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz.
On 16 April 2009, Aziz resigned from the military to run for president in the 19 July elections, which he won.
In 1076, Moorish Islamic warrior monks attacked and conquered the large area of the ancient Ghana Empire.
Over the next 500 years, Arabs overcame fierce resistance from the local population to dominate Mauritania.
Many sedentary peoples, whose ancestors had been expelled centuries earlier, began to trickle back into Mauritania.
This occurred as the French militarily suppressed the most intransigent Hassane tribes of the Moorish north.
This changed the former balance of power, and new conflicts arose between the southern populations and Moors.
According to some estimates, up to 600,000 Mauritanians, or 20% of the population, are still enslaved.
Low-caste groups within the sub-Saharan African ethnic groups of the south are also sometimes enslaved.
Various models for maintaining the country's cultural diversity being suggested, but none successfully implemented.
This ethnic discord was evident during inter-communal violence that broke out in April 1989 , but has since subsided.
Daddah's own Parti du Peuple Mauritanien became the ruling organization in a single-party system.
The President justified this on the grounds that Mauritania was not ready for western-style multi-party democracy.
Under this one-party constitution, Daddah was reelected in uncontested elections in 1976 and 1978.
But relations with Morocco, the other party to the conflict, and its European ally France deteriorated.
In 1981 slavery was legally abolished, making Mauritania the last country in the world to do so.
Its position on the Western Sahara conflict is, since the 1980s, one of strict neutrality.
The government bureaucracy is composed of traditional ministries, special agencies, and parastatal companies.
At , 90% of which is desert, Mauritania is the world's 29th-largest country .
Mauritania is generally flat, with vast arid plains broken by occasional ridges and cliff-like outcroppings.
A series of scarps face south-west, longitudinally bisecting these plains in the center of the country.
Kediet ej Jill, near the city of Zouîrât, has an elevation of and is the highest peak.
As a result of extended, severe drought, the desert has been expanding since the mid-1960s.
Despite being rich in natural resources, Mauritania has one of the lowest GDP rates in Africa.
Mauritania has extensive deposits of iron ore, which account for almost 50% of total exports.
With the current rises in metal prices, gold and copper mining companies are opening mines in the interior.
In recent years, drought and economic mismanagement have resulted in a buildup of foreign debt.
Mauritania is unlikely to meet ESAF's annual GDP growth objectives of 4%–5%.
Although potentially significant for the Mauritanian economy, its overall influence is difficult to predict.
Following the 2008 coup, the military government of Mauritania faced severe international sanctions and internal unrest.
These ethnic groups have been seen to contest the political, economic, and social dominance of Moors.
Although nominally abolished in 1981, it was not illegal to own slaves until 2007.
In 2012, it was estimated that 10% to 20% of the population of Mauritania live in slavery.
The Government ranks 121 of 167 on its response to combating all forms of modern slavery.
And I believe that I can tell you that no one profits from this commerce.
The United Kingdom excised the Chagos Archipelago from Mauritian territory prior to Mauritian independence in 1965.
Diogo Fernandes Pereira, a Portuguese navigator, was the first European to land in Mauritius.
It was from here that Dutch navigator Abel Tasman set out to discover the western part of Australia.
Mahé de La Bourdonnais established Port Louis as a naval base and a shipbuilding centre.
Under his governorship, numerous buildings were erected, a number of which are still standing today.
The island was under the administration of the French East India Company which maintained its presence until 1767.
The British administration, which began with Sir Robert Farquhar as Governor, led to rapid social and economic changes.
Ratsitatane, nephew of King Radama of Madagascar, was brought to Mauritius as a political prisoner.
He managed to escape from prison and plotted a rebellion that would free all the slaves on the island.
In 1832, Adrien d’Épinay launched the first Mauritian newspaper which was not controlled by the government.
In the same year, there was a move by the procureur-general to abolish slavery without compensation to the slave owners.
Furthermore, a stone fortress, Fort Adelaide, was built on a hill in the centre of Port Louis to quell any uprising.
The abolition of slavery had important impacts on Mauritius' society, economy and population.
The planters brought a large number of indentured labourers from India to work in the sugar cane fields.
Between 1834 and 1921, around half a million indentured labourers were present on the island.
An important figure of the 19th century was Rémy Ollier, a brilliant journalist of mixed origin.
A street has been named after him in Port Louis, and his bust was erected in the Jardin de la Compagnie in 1906.
At the beginning of the 20th century, in November 1901, Gandhi stopped in Mauritius, on his way to India .
Back in India, he sent over a young lawyer Manilal Doctor to improve the plight of the Indo-Mauritians.
During the same year, faster links were established with Rodrigues thanks to the wireless.
The rising middle class began to challenge the political power of the oligarchs—that is, the sugar cane landowners.
Action Libérale was opposed by the Parti de l’Ordre, led by Henri Leclézio, the most influential of the sugar magnates.
Many Mauritians volunteered to fight in Europe against the Germans, and in Mesopotamia against the Turks.
On the contrary, the 1914-18 war was a period of great prosperity because of a boom in sugar prices.
In 1919 the Mauritius Sugar Syndicate came into being, and it included 70% of all sugar producers.
In 1922, the first aeroplane landed in Mauritius, and in 1923 there were 79 cars on the island.
The principles of Arya Samaj began to infiltrate the Hindu community who clamoured for more social justice.
Emmanuel Anquetil rallied the urban workers while Pandit Sahadeo concentrated on the rural working class.
Some went to England to become pilots and ground staff in the Royal Air Force.
There was civil unrest, and the colonial government did its utmost to crush all trade union activities.
However, the labourers of Belle Vue Harel Sugar Estate went on strike on 27 September 1943.
The first general elections were held on 9 August 1948 and were won by the Labour Party.
Constitutional conferences were held in London in 1955 and 1957, and the ministerial system was introduced.
Voting took place for the first time on the basis of universal adult suffrage on 9 March 1959.
The general election was again won by the Labour Party, led this time by Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam.
At the Lancaster Conference of 1965, it became clear that Britain wanted to relieve itself of the colony of Mauritius.
A general election took place on 7 August 1967, and the Labour Party and its two allies obtained the majority of seats.
In 1969, the opposition party Mauritian Militant Movement led by Paul Bérenger was founded.
In May 1975, a student revolt that started at the University of Mauritius swept across the country.
An act of Parliament was passed on 16 December 1975 to extend the right to vote to 18-year-olds.
In 1982 an MMM government led by prime minister Anerood Jugnauth and Paul Bérenger as Minister of Finance was elected.
Industrialisation began to spread to villages as well, and attracted young workers from all ethnic communities.
As a result, the sugar industry began to lose its hold on the economy.
There was also a boom in the tourism industry, and new hotels sprang up throughout the island.
In 1989 the stock exchange opened its doors and in 1992 the freeport began operation.
Forty-three journalists protested by participating in a public demonstration in Port Louis, in front of parliament.
In 1991, a master plan for education failed to get national support and contributed to the government's downfall.
A commission of enquiry was set up to investigate the root causes of the social disturbance.
The resulting report delved into the cause of poverty and qualified many tenacious beliefs as perceptions.
Aneerood Jugnauth of the MSM returned to power in 2000 after making an alliance with the MMM.
The Labour Party did away with the MSM, and then with the PMSD, whose leader had acted as Finance minister.
The MMM made an alliance with the MSM but broke off with the latter to become the ally of Labour Party.
The Westminster system was thus maintained and Aneerood Jugnauth became the PM for the sixth time.
Fresh negotiations began with Jin Fei in view of reviving the project started in 2006.
Mauritius will henceforth retain 80% of the shares while the rest would go to the Chinese promoters.
The absolute power is split between two positions: the President and the Prime Minister.
The Assembly elects a Speaker, a Deputy Speaker and a Deputy Chairman of Committees as some of its first task.
The 2006 - 2014 Ibrahim Index of African Governance ranked Mauritius first in good governance.
Laws governing the Mauritian penal system are derived partly from French civil law and British common law.
The crime rate reduced from 4.3 per 1,000 population in 2009 to 3.6 per 1,000 population in 2010.
The Constitution of Mauritius states that for purposes of separation of powers, the judiciary is independent.
Mauritius has strong and friendly relations with various African, American, Asian, European and Oceania countries.
The total land area of the country is 2,040 km2, which is the 180th largest nation in the world by size.
The Republic of Mauritius is constituted of the main island of Mauritius and several outlying islands.
It is situated some 430 km to the north-east of Mauritius and is mostly used as a fishing base.
Mauritius has long sought sovereignty over the Chagos Archipelago, located 1,287 km to the northeast.
Chagos was administratively part of Mauritius from the 18th century when the French first settled the islands.
The islands were formally established as an overseas territory of the United Kingdom on 8 November 1965.
On 23 June 1976, Aldabra, Farquhar and Desroches were returned to Seychelles as a result of its attaining independence.
The UK had argued that those undertakings were not binding and had no status in international law.
Together with Saint Brandon, Réunion, and Rodrigues, the island is part of the Mascarene Islands.
Mauritius is encircled by a broken ring of mountain ranges, varying in height from 300–800 m above sea level.
Streams and rivers speckle the island, a lot of them are formed in the cracks created by lava flows.
The environment in Mauritius is typically tropical in the coastal regions with forests in the mountainous areas.
Mauritius ranked second in an air quality index released by the World Health Organization in 2011.
Annual rainfall ranges from 900 mm on the coast to 1,500 mm on the central plateau.
Although there is no marked rainy season, most of the rainfall occurs in summer months.
The central plateau is much cooler than the surrounding coastal areas and can experience as much as double the rainfall.
The prevailing trade winds keep the east side of the island cooler and also tends to bring more rain.
There can also be a marked difference in temperature and rainfall from one side of the island to the other.
Before its discovery by the Portuguese in 1507, there were no terrestrial mammals on the island.
Over 100 species of plants and animals have become extinct and many more are threatened.
When it was discovered, the island of Mauritius was the home of a previously unknown species of bird, the dodo.
It is understood that with no predators to attack them, they lost their need and ability to fly.
Arabs became the first humans to set foot on Mauritius, followed by Portuguese around 1505.
Weighing up to 50 pounds, the dodo was a welcome source of fresh meat for the sailors.
Later, when the Dutch used the island as a penal colony, new species were introduced to the island.
Within 100 years of the arrival of humans on Mauritius, the once abundant dodo became a rare bird.
The dodo is prominently featured as a supporter of the national coat of arms of Mauritius.
Mauritius is divided into nine districts which consist of different cities, towns and villages.
The estimated resident population of the Republic of Mauritius was 1,261,208 as of 1 July 2014.
Official statistics on ethnicity are not available, as such questions were removed from the population census in 1972.
Mauritius is a multiethnic society, drawn from Indian, African, European and Chinese origin.
Those of other religions accounted for 0.2% of the population, while non-religious individuals were 0.7%.
The constitution of Mauritius is written in English, while some laws, such as the Civil code, are in French.
Bhojpuri which was widely spoken in Mauritius, has been decreasing over the years according to the 2011 census.
There was a decrease in the use of Bhojpuri at home, it was spoken by 5% of the population compared to 12% in 2000.
School students must learn English and French; they also have the option to study Asian languages and Creole.
The medium of instruction varies from school to school but is usually French or English.
The government of Mauritius provides free education to its citizens from pre-primary to tertiary level.
The education system in Mauritius consists of pre-primary, primary, secondary and tertiary sectors.
The country's two main public universities are the University of Mauritius and the University of Technology.
There are currently no railways in Mauritius, former privately owned industrial railways having been abandoned.
The major music genres of Mauritius is the Sega music, the others being its fusion genre Seggae and Bhojpuri songs.
There are Hindu festivals, Chinese festivals, Muslim festivals, as well as Christian festivals.
Seven of these are fixed holidays: 1 and 2 January; 1 February; 12 March; 1 May; 2 November; and 25 December.
The remaining public holidays are religious festivals with dates that vary from year to year.
Horseracing, which dates back to 1812, when the Champ de Mars Racecourse was inaugurated, remain very popular.
Bahns was born in Stowe, Vermont, but moved to Long Island, New York.
Her father is German-American and her mother is a Hong Konger of mixed Chinese and Brazilian descent.
At age 16, Bahns traveled to Barcelona, Valencia, Paris, and Rome.
She has also competed in a number of triathlons such as Wildflower ½ Ironman and the Keauhou ½ Ironman.
Bahns has appeared on the covers of Runner's World, Triathlete Magazine, and FIT!
Maxine Cooper was born in Chicago, Illinois in 1924 to Richard and Gladys Cooper.
Cooper transferred to the Pasadena Playhouse in Pasadena, California, where she completed her education in drama.
The real ending was rediscovered by a film editor in the 1990s, though no one is sure why the ending was tampered with.
Cooper married her husband, Sy Gomberg, a screenwriter and producer, in 1957.
She left the acting profession in the early 1960s in order to raise her family.
Doyle appeared in almost forty films between 1933 and 1946 and is known for her work at Republic Pictures.
Known privately as Maxine Doyle Witney, she died at age 58 from complications from cancer. 
Hicks was born in Denver, Colorado, and began appearing in plays in New York City at age 5.
In 1937, she left acting when she and her mother got into a dispute with Jack Warner of Warner Bros. studio.
Hicks died at the age of 95 on 10 January 2000 in San Clemente, California.
Due to her rotund figure , Gates was often cast as a love interest who often intimidated her husband or boyfriend.
During World War Two, Gates performed in night clubs and stage shows and was acclaimed for her singing and dancing.
After retiring from acting in 1972, Gates ran a self storage business in Van Nuys, California.
She died of complications from respiratory disease in Panorama City on July 27, 1990 at the age of 73. 
The pair starred in approximately twenty-five highly successful features together during the World War I era.
Allison's third marriage, to Carl Norton Osborne, lasted over forty years until his death in 1982.

Her family moved to New Jersey, United States in 1873 after her father's death.
Her husband's firm, Ellin & Kitson, wss changed to Ellin, Kitson & Company.
Her third husband, William J. Swan, also predeceased her, dying around 1909.
In November 1914, her son Waldo married Lela Cole, a short story writer of western romances.
In 1910 her daughter Velma married Commodore Byron McCandless, a 1905 Naval Academy graduate.
Naval Repair Base, in San Diego, California at her daughter's home, the Commanding Officer's Quarters.
 May McAvoy May McAvoy was an American actress who worked mainly during the silent-film era.
The feature-length film was one of the most lavish and spectacular productions of the silent movie era.
In truth, she married the treasurer of United Artists, who asked her not to work.
McAvoy married banker Maurice Cleary on June 26, 1929, with whom she had a son named Patrick, and divorced him in 1940.
Mary Jeanette Robison was born on 19 April 1858 in Moama, New South Wales, Australia.
At the census of 1851 Henry, a jeweller, was visiting his brother, James Robison, wine merchant of Newton, Penrith.
At the 1851 census Julia was a silversmith living at Church Street with their two sons.
In the 1907 article Mary Robison remembers fishing from the St Kilda Pier in Melbourne.
She would have been there in the period about 1866 to 1870 when she was between 8 and 12 years old.
I went to Paris for my examinations in French and returned to my home for a vacation.
Their first son, Edward Hyde Leveson Gore, was born in Leicestershire on 2 December 1876.
But most of the herd died on the way to market and the remainder were sold at a loss.
Charles joined Mary in New York, where a daughter, Nellie Candler Gore, was born on 28 April 1880.
At the 1880 census, Charles, ‘Poppy’ and three children were living at 36th Street.
Mary produced crocheted hoods and embroidery, designed dinner cards and taught painting to support her three children.
Her youngest son died on 26 April 1882 and her daughter died shortly after on 1 May 1882.
In 1880 he was listed as a teacher, as a journalist in 1886 and as an attorney in 1896.
Six years after beginning her stage career, Mary Robison married Augustus Homer Brown, a police surgeon, on 29 May 1889.
Over the next several decades, she flourished on the stage as a comedienne and character actress.
Wallace was married to Thomas W. Maddox until her death, they had one daughter and one son.

Deren was also a choreographer, dancer, film theorist, poet, lecturer, writer and photographer.
In 1922, the family fled the country because of anti-Semitic pogroms and moved to Syracuse, New York.
Through the YPSL she met Gregory Bardacke, whom she married at the age of 18.
She graduated from New York University with a bachelor's degree in literature and separated from Bardacke.
She attended the New School for Social Research and received a master's degree in English literature at Smith College.
She became known for her European-style handmade clothes, wild, curly hair, and fierce convictions.
At the end of a tour, the Dunham dance company stopped in Los Angeles for several months to work in Hollywood.
Originally a silent film with no dialogue, music for the film was composed by Deren's third husband Teiji Itō in 1952.
A woman, played by Maya Deren, walks to her friend's house in Los Angeles, falls asleep and has a dream.
Movement from the wind, shadows and the music sustain the heartbeat of the dream.
The camera initially avoids her face, which precludes identification with a particular woman's face.
It shows a progression from nature to the confines of society, and back to nature.
In 1943, she moved to a bungalow on Kings Road in Hollywood and adopted the name Maya.
In Greek myth, Maia is the mother of Hermes and a goddess of mountains and fields.
In 1944, back in New York City, her social circle included Marcel Duchamp, André Breton, John Cage, and Anaïs Nin.
She went on three additional trips through 1954 to document and record the rituals of Haitian Vodou.
Afterwards Deren wrote several articles on religious possession in dancing before her first trip to Haiti.
Deren not only filmed, recorded and photographed many hours of vodou ritual, but also participated in the ceremonies.
Deren died in 1961, at the age of 44, from a brain hemorrhage brought on by extreme malnutrition.
Deren was a key figure in the creation of a New American Cinema, highlighting personal, experimental, underground film.
In 1986, the American Film Institute created the Maya Deren Award to honor independent filmmakers.
Israel's national poet, Hayim Nahman Bialik, is Bialik's first cousin, three times removed.
She stated that she wanted to stay close to her parents and did not want to move to the East Coast.
degree in neuroscience, Hebrew studies, and Jewish studies, and went on to study for a doctorate in neuroscience.
The latter actually aired two weeks before Bialik's Fox series and ultimately garnered higher ratings than it.
Her first appearance was in the season 3 finale as a potential love interest for the character of Sheldon Cooper .
Beginning with Season 4, Episode 8, she became part of the main cast.
Amy is a neurobiologist, or neuroscientist, which corresponds to Bialik's real-life academic career.
Bialik and Stone have two sons, one born in 2005 and the other in 2008.
During the July–August 2014 Israeli operation in Gaza, she reportedly donated money to the IDF for armored vests.
She has appeared in several YouTube cameos as Blossom and Amy Farrah Fowler asking questions about Jewish beliefs.
She was born in Columbus, Ohio, and died in South Pasadena, California from a heart attack. 
 Mayo Methot Mayo June Methot , also known as Mayo Methot Bogart, was an American film and theater actress.
She suffered from alcoholism, to the effects of which she ultimately succumbed in 1951.
Methot was born in Portland, Oregon, the only child of Mr. and Mrs. Jack D. Methot.
She performed with the Baker Stock Company in Portland until 1922 when she left for New York City.
She became a popular actress on Broadway during the 1920s where she was admired for both her acting and singing ability.
She moved to Hollywood in the early 1930s and began an association with Warner Bros. Studios.
In 1931, Methot married Percy T. Morgan, the co-owner of the Cock n' Bull restaurant on Hollywood's Sunset Boulevard.
The two became a high-profile Hollywood couple, but it was not a smooth marriage.
Both drank heavily, and Methot gained a reputation for her violent excesses when under the influence.
At one point in their travels during the war, the Bogarts met up with director John Huston in Italy.
During a night of heavy drinking, Methot insisted that everyone listen to her perform a song.
It is the scene in which the alcoholic girlfriend of the mobster sings a number off key and while intoxicated.
Bogart attempted to save the marriage but Methot's alcoholism intensified as did their fighting.
Bogart announced that he had moved out of the couple's home on October 19, 1944.
In the late 1940s, she moved back to Oregon where her mother helped take care of her.
During her early acting experiences, she found her disability and ethnicity repeatedly limiting to her advancement.
It is held annually in New York City and showcases Arab-American comics, actors, playwrights and filmmakers.
She usually tours by herself or as a special guest on the Axis of Evil Comedy Tour.
She helps the children use art to deal with trauma and bridge the gap between disabled and non-disabled children.

Sisto is the daughter of Dick Sisto, a jazz vibist and Reedy Gibbs, an actress.
Holder is an alum of California State University, Fullerton and was a member of the Gamma Phi Beta sorority. 
Margaret Foster was born in Reading, Pennsylvania, the daughter of David and his wife Nancy .
Meg Randall was the professional identity used by the actress Gene Roberts during the successful part of her career.
Her two older siblings were Juanita and Juarez with the younger set named Cleo and Robert.
Although her family is of primarily Welsh descent, it was noted that her father favored names of alternate ethnicity.
He found his niche in Hollywood by writing for several television shows during the 1950s until the early 1960s.
In 1943 at the age of seventeen, Gene Roberts graduated from high school in her hometown of Muskogee, Oklahoma.
She then enrolled in the University of Oklahoma School of Drama where she studied for one year.
Paramount Studios came back with an even more profitable invitation and Gene decided to accept.
On Gene's behalf, Rubye in turn piqued the interest of director Clarence Brown.
This experience earned her a $250 a week, long-term MGM contract which she signed as herself, Gene Roberts.
Ultimately, Gene's youthfulness was the deciding factor that prevented MGM from assigning her this lead role.
After a year had passed, Gene opted out of the 20th Century contract and was on the move again.
In mid-June 1948, Universal-International brought Gene aboard with what would become a three-year contract.
Once again, she had no idea if she would be offered any work there either.
Prior to signing with Universal-International, Gene had married a studio musician named Robert Thorpe.
As a new U-I player, Gene was obliged to immediately select a screen name.
 Meg Ryan Margaret Mary Emily Anne Hyra , known professionally as Meg Ryan, is an American actress and film producer.
She was raised a Roman Catholic and attended St. Pius X Elementary School in Fairfield.
Some of her films of the 1990s were hits not only in North America, but also internationally.
At a total gross of $70 million, it would eventually remain Ryan's highest-grossing film of the decade.
Released to mixed reviews by critics, the film grossed $17.5 million worldwide, exceeding its budget of $10 million.
The series introduces women and girls living under difficult circumstances and fighting to challenge them.
Ryan married actor Dennis Quaid on Valentine's Day 1991, after starring in three films with him .
Quaid and Ryan have one child together, Jack Quaid, born April 24, 1992.
In September 2008, Ryan stated that Quaid had been unfaithful to her for a long time while they were married.
In August 2014, it was reported that they ended their relationship after three years of dating.

Her father was Chinese American, and her mother was of Irish, Finnish and First Nations descent.
She has a brother, Steve, and two sisters, Rebecca and actress Jennifer.
At the age of 12, Tilly started taking dance lessons, and in a few years had developed into a gifted ballerina.
In New York City she studied at Madame Darvash's Ballet School where she had received a full scholarship.
Forced to give up dancing, Tilly moved to Los Angeles to pursue a career as an actress.
Tilly's critically praised performance earned her an Academy Award nomination and a Golden Globe Award.
However, she sustained a leg injury playing soccer and had to abandon the project.
Tilly stars as Lorna, the emotionally closed floor matron who blossoms as a leader and an appealing woman.
She won the 2013 Lead Actress, Drama Canadian Screen Award for her work on the series.
The book is about a young girl and her sisters living in the Northwest who are molested by their stepfather.
The marriage produced two children, Emily and David , and ended in divorce in 1989.
They moved to Los Angeles where Calley worked as president and CEO of Sony Pictures Entertainment.
In 2002 Tilly married her third and current husband, author Don Calame, who writes fiction for adolescents.
She was raised with two older siblings, her sister, and her brother being the oldest.
Wyllie died in 2002, at the age of eighty-four in Glendale, California, from heart failure. 
She played the love interest of attorney Marcus McGrath, played by J. August Richards.
Boone was born in Petoskey, Michigan, and raised in The Villages, Florida.
Her parents relocated there when she was a child to be closer to her grandparents.
Her grandfather, H. Gary Morse, was The Villages' developer; and her mother, Jennifer Parr, is the Director of Sales.
Boone studied acting as a student at Belleview High School, where she graduated in 2001.
In 2005, she graduated from Florida State University's School of Theatre with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Acting.
She appears in the American sitcom Friends as Luisa the ex-classmate of Rachel and Monica who works for animal control.
42nd Street Moon’s production was staged at the Eureka Theatre, 215 Jackson St in San Francisco, and was well received.
After going to England in 1997, Dodds met fashion and advertising photographer Oliver Pearce.
Follows was born in Toronto, Ontario, the youngest of four children, in an acting family.
Her elder sister Edwina is a writer, while her brother Laurence and sister Samantha Follows are also actors.
Her first acting job came at the age of nine, when she landed a spot in a commercial for Bell Canada.
She played Cathy, a young girl who played hockey on a previously all-male team.
Recent years have seen the return of Follows on stage as a regular of the Toronto-based Soulpepper Theatre Company.
She is mostly of English ancestry, with smaller amounts of ancestry from elsewhere in Europe.
Fox's mother later remarried, and she and her sister were raised by her mother and her stepfather, Tony Tonachio.
Fox began her training in dance and drama at age five, in Kingston, Tennessee.
At 10 years of age, after moving to St. Petersburg, Florida, Fox continued her training.
At age 17, she tested out of school via correspondence in order to move to Los Angeles, California.
Fox appeared in seasons 2 to 3, until the show was cancelled by ABC in May 2006.
Despite receiving top billing, Fox described her role in the film as being a cameo.
Fox was the voice of the Hawaiian Spinner Dolphins in the Na Nai'a Legend of the Dolphins, a 3D documentary film.
In January 2013, Fox was featured in a Brazilian television commercial for Brahma beer.
In February 2009, it was reported that they had ended their engagement, before becoming engaged again on June 1, 2010.
The couple married on June 24, 2010 in a private ceremony at the Four Seasons Resort on Maui.
Fox filed for divorce on August 21, 2015, a few days after the couple announced their separation.

Mullally moved to her father's native Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, at the age of six.
One of her first acting spots was on a McDonald's commercial that also featured John Goodman.
So I get a call one day from my agent that I'd gotten offered a guest role, and it paid $5,000.
She is the first of only two actresses to win a SAG Award three years in a row.
She has been featured in advertisements for M&M's, Old Navy, and I Can't Believe It's Not Butter.
They went on tour in March 2013, along with Mullally's husband, Nick Offerman.
Mullally's first marriage, in the mid-1990s, was to talent agent Michael Katcher.
In 2000, Mullally met actor Nick Offerman while doing a play with him in Los Angeles.

In her early teens, she went to Japan for modeling jobs and stayed for several years.
Ward was taken off contract in March 2009 and remained on the series as a recurring character.
 Meghan Markle Rachel Meghan Markle is an American fashion model, spokesmodel, and actress.
In the past, she has expressed an interest in returning to school to pursue a Master's in International Diplomacy.
Aside from a single appearance holding case #12, Markle was the regular model carrying case #24.
Markle married Trevor Engelson on September 10, 2011, after having dated since 2004.
Price was born in Seattle, Washington, and was raised in the Mormon religion.
After a year as an investment banker, Price decided to pursue acting as a profession.
When she was 16 years old, she legally changed her last name to Heaney-Grier.
In 2000, Heaney-Grier was inducted as part of the inaugural roster into the Women Divers Hall of Fame.
The 20 episode series featured the trio in cage-free encounters with sharks, alligators and other aquatic wildlife.
 Mehr Hassan Mehrun Nissa Hassan commonly known as Mehr Hassan is an Asian American actress, model and classical dancer.
Mehr is settled in Louisville, Kentucky though has performed in films in both India and Pakistan.
It was on the sets of Diwali that Samina Peerzada approached her for her film.
Mehr's also an accomplished dancer & has also worked in award winning music-videos as a dancer and director. 


Harris grew up in North Brunswick, New Jersey and graduated from New Brunswick High School in 1974.
Harris and Toomey were married May 26, 2001, but he filed for divorce on October 3, 2006.

Her mother married agent and producer Noel Marshall, and Griffith grew up with three stepbrothers.
Griffith skipped a grade, graduating from Hollywood Professional School when she was 16 years old.
In the film, Griffith played an eccentric woman who kills her husband and heads to Hollywood to become a movie star.
The relationship culminated in a six-month marriage from January to July 1976 before they divorced.
Griffith later admitted to having problems with cocaine and liquor after her divorce from Bauer.
They separated in March 1994, reconciled later that year, but separated again in May 1995.
After their respective divorces were finalized, Griffith and Banderas married on May 14, 1996.
They have a daughter, Stella del Carmen Banderas, born on September 24, 1996.
Her father, Peter Griffith, died at age 67 on May 14, 2001.
Hutsell was a featured player from 1991–1993, and a regular cast member in the 1993–1994 season.
Her most notable impressions were of Tonya Harding and Tori Spelling, an actress whom she resembled very closely.

 Melanie Mayron Melanie Joy Mayron is an American actress and director of film and television.
Her family is Jewish; her father was from a Sephardic background and her mother from an Ashkenazi family from Russia.
She received training in acting at Second City Chicago and performed with the Steppenwolf Theatre Company.
Paxson also appeared as Velma in promos for WCIU's Scooby-Doo episodes the station aired on Weekday Mornings.
Paxson was still seen on WCIU and WWME in disclaimers for E/I Children's programming as late as the mid 2000s.
Paxson is married to Andy Paxson, co-owner of Los Angeles restaurant Simplethings Sandwich & Pie Shop.
She is the daughter of actor Dick Wilson, the former commercial spokesman for Charmin toilet paper. 
Melina has written about her experience of being on a bombed plane, TWA Flight 840, in 1986. 
One of three siblings, Clarke's sister, Heidi, died in 1994 of a malignant heart tumor.
Dillon was born in Hope, Arkansas, the daughter of E. Norine and W. S. Dillon, an Army officer.
Dillon was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Performance by a Featured Actress in a Play,her first major role.
Melinda Dillon has remained a private person, and information about her personal life is largely unknown.
The youngest of three daughters, she grew up in Cambridge and Dover in the Boston area.
After attending Bennington College, McGraw was accepted to the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London .
While on the set, she met actor Nicholas Lea and the pair dated for a few years.
Coincidentally, Alex Krycek, the recurring antagonist responsible for Melissa's death, was played by Nicholas Lea.
McGraw is married to composer/recording artist Steve Pierson, and they have a daughter Lucy.
They all belong to Pierson's band Jambo, which performs roots music for children. 
She also took the Alan Weiss Broadcasting Course and Michael Shurtleff's Scene Study and Audition Class.
She has appeared in numerous roles in film, television and on the Broadway stage.

Cohen was born in Stony Brook, New York and at the age of 5, moved to Hamburg in Germany, her mother's home country.
She returned to New York when she was 10 and later moved to Boston where joined improv groups at Tufts University.
She is best known as a scream queen and is most associated with the horror film genre.
Bacelar had a strong Roman Catholic upbringing, attending a Catholic school in Edison, New Jersey.
 Melissa Behr Melissa Ivy Behr is an American actress, model, media artist, film producer and director.
Her work can be viewed on her official website, although her acting career appears to be missing from the resume. 
From her father's re-marriage, she has five half siblings: Tanner, Estella, Coco, Rocket and Tor.
She played the role of Jamie, a desk clerk at a hotel frequented by one of Jamie's all-time favorite rock stars.
She was also selected as an ambassador for Coca Cola's new product, P10 300 ml Coke Mismo.
In September 2014, nude photographs allegedly of Benoist were leaked as part of the 2014 celebrity photo hack.
She became engaged to Matt Katrosar in February 2013, and the couple tied the knot in July 2014.
Egan graduated from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill with a BA in Dramatic Art.
Egan has served as a celebrity spokesperson for Proactiv Solution with former AMC co-star Chrishell Stause. 

She is the founder of Voices in Harmony, a non-profit community theater in Los Angeles.
William Ward, a grandfather on her mother's side, worked as a prison warden at Rottnest Island, offshore from Perth.
George began modelling in her early teens, and in 1992 she was named Western Australia's Teenage Model of the Year.
George met with casting director Liz Mullinar and was subsequently cast in the role of Angel Parrish.
She made her first on-screen appearance on 30 March 1993, arriving as a teenage runaway.
While playing the role, George made property investments and wrote advice columns for two English teen magazines.
Her role earned her five consecutive Logie Award nominations, of which she won two.
After pilot was filmed, a significant amount of time passed before the decision was made to film a second episode.
Ultimately, a second episode was never shot and the show was never picked up.
She had auditioned to play lead character Sydney Bristow, but lost out to Jennifer Garner.
It was originally planned that George would guest-star for several episodes but she was quickly upgraded to regular.
To explain her character's accent , the writers wrote that she was born in the United States but grew up in London.
In November 2010, George was named the new face of L'Oreal Melbourne Fashion Festival.
George is credited as the inventor of Style Snaps, a device intended to allow changing pant hem length without sewing.
In 1998, George met Chilean furniture designer and film director Claudio Dabed in Bali.
I was climbing with Di Gilbert who has climbed Everest many times so that was incredible.
She visited Landon at his Malibu home where he was, by then, bedridden, and they spent the afternoon together.
Her then-fiance, Rob Lowe, was present with her when her star was unveiled during the ceremony.
The show ran through October 19 and was on a US National tour for 2009–10.
In 2003, she was re-elected, defeating Kent McCord with 50% of the vote to his 42%.
She was succeeded by Alan Rosenberg, who assumed the guild presidency on September 25.
At age 17, she reconnected with then little-known actor Rob Lowe, also 17.
In 1981, Gilbert, in her convertible, saw Lowe stopped next to her at a red light.
She also dated Tom Cruise, John Cusack, Scott Baio, and Billy Idol.
After Lowe's failed romance with Princess Stéphanie of Monaco, he suddenly proposed to Gilbert.
Gilbert was set up with actor Bo Brinkman, a cousin of actors Randy Quaid and Dennis Quaid.
The couple married on February 22, 1988, only seven weeks after she ended her relationship with Rob Lowe.
Only weeks after Gilbert's divorce filing, Bruce Boxleitner's ex-wife, Kathryn Holcomb, set Boxleitner up with Gilbert.
But Boxleitner ignored her because she was a teen and he was many years older than she was.
After reuniting for a third time, they finally married on January 1, 1995, in her mother's living room.
Gilbert quickly became pregnant, but went into premature labor more than two months before her due date.
She gave birth to a son, Michael Garrett Boxleitner, named in honor of Michael Landon, on October 6, 1995.
Gilbert is also stepmother to Boxleitner's two sons with Holcomb, Sam and Lee .
On January 29, 2013, Gilbert's representative confirmed the actress' engagement to fellow actor Timothy Busfield.
Gilbert currently owes $360,000 in back Federal taxes and $112,000 in California state taxes.
Gilbert has stated the tax debt is an outgrowth of a stalled acting career, the economy, and divorce.
Gilbert has battled alcoholism and drug abuse, which she wrote about in her 2009 autobiography.
On July 22, 2010, Gilbert underwent surgery to replace a disc as well as fuse a vertebra in her lower spine.
In January 2015, Gilbert decided to have her breast implants surgically removed for health reasons. 

Keller is a featured actress in the Budweiser Super Bowl commercial broadcast in February 2014. 
After appearing on several television shows and films in the 1980s, her breakthrough role came in 1993 as Det.
Leo was born in Manhattan, New York City, and spent her early life on the Lower East Side.
Her parents divorced, and her mother moved them to Red Clover Commune, in Putney, Vermont.
Her maternal grandparents were Frances and James Chessington, a colonel in the United States Air Force.
Her uncle was journalist Roger Leo , and her aunt is art historian Christine Leo Roussel.
Leo appeared in a supporting role alongside Sean Penn, Naomi Watts, Benicio del Toro and Clea DuVall.
What a complete performance, evoking a woman's life in a time of economic hardship.
Leo and several of the film's actors including her co-star Amy Adams and Bale were nominated.
Her performance garnered an Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie.
McBride has garnered critical acclaim and received multiple awards and nominations for her role on the show.
Her father owned a business and her mother had studied at the historic Pasadena Playhouse.
She worked as a film and commercial casting director in Atlanta, Georgia, from 2000 until 2010.
She was a recurring cast member in the first season and promoted to series regular for season 2.
McBride's name appeared in the opening credits sequence beginning with the first episode of season 4.
As the series progresses, McBride's character develops from a weak and dependent woman into a strong, loyal warrior.
In the comic series, Carol is much younger and exhibits a neurotic, self-centered, and naive demeanor.
Throughout her time in the comics, she grows increasingly unstable to the point of being self-destructive.
The Carol in the TV show is a wholly original creation that we'll continue to explore on the show to great effect.
Everyone in writers' room loves that character, and we're thrilled with what Melissa has brought to the table.
She currently portrays the character of Abby Newman on the drama series The Young and the Restless.
Ordway was born in Atlanta, Georgia, an only child, to John and Christine Ordway.
After graduating from high school, Ordway attended Georgia State University and is a member of the Delta Zeta sorority.
She won the show and moved to Los Angeles to pursue a career in acting and modeling.
She appeared on The Price is Right as a fill-in model the week of October 7, 2015.
While in college, she would work during the day as an intern for Polygram Music Publishing.
In 2001, she made the slow transition from a stand-up comedian to a comedy actress.
At the end of Season Nine, in 2004, her contract was not renewed.
The theater boasts such alumni as Pat Proft, Louie Anderson, Cedric Yarbrough, Mo Collins and Al Franken.
In October, ABC announced Peterman had been cast in an untitled comedy pilot starring Cedric the Entertainer.
In December, the network announced they had secured the actors, indicating they were interested in the project.
During the annual upfront presentation on May 13, 2008, ABC confirmed they did not order the pilot to series.
Peterman returned the following year, with an almost-identical comedy routine, when McEntire toured with Kelly Clarkson.
She was also the opening act for the second leg of the tour in 2008.
The show had been cancelled by NBC, and CMT expressed interested in reviving the competition.
In March, the network announced Peterman, originally only appearing in one episode, had been upgraded to series regular.
The show has been renewed for a second season, returning Wednesday, May 29.
She was a bridesmaid in Reba co-star Joanna García Swisher's wedding, along with Reba McEntire. 
Her entry into the performing arts was at age 3 when she began studying tap dance, ballet, jazz dance and modern dance.
At 14, however, acting took a backseat to modeling after Sagemiller was scouted by Eileen Ford in a jewelry shop.
She eventually left modeling to take an undergraduate degree in Art History at the University of Virginia.


She went to middle school in the San Fernando Valley at Patrick Henry Junior High.
She was raised in San Francisco, California, after her family moved there when she was 4 years old.
She sang the Star Spangled Banner at the Dover International Speedway for the AAA 400 on October 2, 2011.

Suvari was born in Newport, Rhode Island, the daughter of Candice, a nurse, and Ando Ivar Süvari, a psychiatrist.
The family later relocated to Charleston, South Carolina, where her brothers attended The Citadel.
By the time she started acting, she had been modeling for the New York-based Wilhelmina agency for five years.
Suvari relocated to California, and attended Providence High School in Burbank, graduating in 1997.
The film was commercially successful, grossing $102 million domestically and $235 million worldwide.
The film premiered on May 21, 2007 at the Cannes Film Market, and opened in the United States on May 20, 2008.
The film was released in 2008 at the RomaCinemaFest and had a limited investors' screening in the UK.
Suvari plays on the World Poker Tour in the Hollywood Home games for the Starlight Children's Foundation.
She performed occasionally on other radio programs, as well as writing and producing several radio skits.
In the mid-1940s, she performed a one-woman show at historically black colleges across the United States.
She was survived by her husband Arthur J. Stevenson and a brother Earl Gough who was also an actor. 

 Mercedes McCambridge Carlotta Mercedes Agnes McCambridge was an American actress of radio, stage, film, and television.
McCambridge married her first husband, William Fifield, in 1939 when she was 23 years old.
The couple had a son, John Lawrence Fifield, born in December, 1941.
Her son, John, later took Markle's name, thereafter being known as John Markle.
McCambridge's son, John Markle, a UCLA graduate, had a Ph.D. in Economics.
He left both a note taking responsibility for his crimes, and a long, bitter letter to his mother.
A $5 million lawsuit was filed against Markle's estate and McCambridge claiming fraud and misappropriation of funds.
 Mercedes Ruehl Mercedes J. Ruehl is an American theater, television, and film actress.
Her father was of German and Irish descent and her mother was of Cuban and Irish ancestry.
She is married to painter David Geiser, with whom she adopted a son, Jake .
She had another son, Christopher, whom she placed in adoption in 1976; he later became Jake's godfather.
Her brother, Peter Ruehl, moved to Australia in 1987 where he was a popular newspaper columnist until his death in 2011.
Ruehl began her career in regional theatre with the Denver Center Theatre Company, taking odd jobs between engagements.
In 2005, she received the Rita Moreno HOLA Award for Excellence from the Hispanic Organization of Latin Actors.
The production opened at the Samuel J. Friedman Theatre and the limited engagement ran From January 22 until March 22.
The series was canceled after one season, but her co-star, David Birney became her second husband in 1974.
In 1997, Baxter once again played the mother of a character played by Michael J.
In 2005, she began appearing in television commercials for Garden State Life Insurance Company.
In 1995, she married actor and screenwriter Michael Blodgett; they were divorced in 2000.
Baxter said that she did not realize she was gay until she began her first same-sex relationship in 2002.
Baxter was diagnosed with breast cancer in 1999 for which she was treated and from which she has fully recovered. 
Meredith Bishop was born in Los Angeles, but grew up in Woodland Hills, California.
Recent theatre credits include Atonement ; The Concept of Remainders ; Breaking and Entering ; The Color of Rose .

 Meredith McCoy Meredith McCoy Mauldin is an American actress, singer, and voice actress who has worked for Funimation.
Meredith has done national commercials for Radio Shack, AT&T, 7-Eleven, and Chevrolet.
McCoy is also one of the main actors in Radio Shack Corporation's training and recruiting videos since 2001.
In these segments, she explains the features, benefits, and story lines of new games released on the market.
After graduation she moved to London where she was immersed into the music film and art world.
As well as England's Prince's Trust she donated work through Opera gallery in London.
On April 27, 2009 she demonstrated her body painting to an audience of over 500 at Sketch in London's Mayfair.
She also admits she is influenced by conceptual artist Yoko Ono of whom she shares a birthday with, February 18.
Her work is also currently in One Hyde Park, the Candy and Candy building.
Many of her paintings focus on her own female physical form impressed onto vividly painted canvas.
She played herself in collaborative and photography art projects and was the face to launch Sky T.v.
As an actress she recently played the character Joany, muse to a conceptual artist, in the 2009 film .

 Meredith Scott Lynn Meredith Scott Lynn is an American actress, producer, and director.
 Merna Kennedy Merna Kennedy was an American actress of the late silent era and the transitional period into talkies.
Kennedy was brought to the attention of Chaplin by her friend Lita Grey, who became Chaplin's second wife in 1924.
A dancer, she had muscular legs which helped her gain the role of the circus bareback rider.
Their marriage broke up a year later, and Kennedy died of a heart attack in 1944, aged 36. 
 Merritt Wever Siobhán Merritt Wever , known professionally as Merritt Wever, is an American actress.
She graduated from Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School and Sarah Lawrence College, and she trained in acting in New York.
Zoey—an irrepressibly bubbly trauma nurse—serves as a comic foil to Edie Falco's hard-bitten titular character.
While working as a junior model, Anders began studying acting at the Ben Bard Playhouse.
It was there that a talent scout from 20th Century Fox spotted her and signed her to a film contract in 1951.
For the next two years, she appeared in small and supporting roles in several 20th Century Fox films.
The series was based on the hit 1953 film of the same name starring Betty Grable, Marilyn Monroe, and Lauren Bacall.
To supplement her income between acting jobs, Anders took a job as a receptionist at Litton Industries.
Two weeks later, she discovered she was pregnant with the couple's first child.
In 1986, Anders married engineer Richard Benedict; the couple remained married until his death in 1999.
On October 28, 2012, Anders died in Encino, California, aged 80, from undisclosed causes. 

Besides the United States, Golding also lived in India, Haiti, France and Italy.
She returned to the U.S to attend Cornell University and earned degrees in Theatre Arts and International Relations.
She has worked with such names as Jack Nicholson, Morgan Freeman, Henry Fonda, Susan Sarandon and Elizabeth Taylor.

She is involved in humanitarian activities in Darfur, Chad, and the Central African Republic.
When she was nine, she contracted polio during an outbreak in Los Angeles reportedly affecting 500 people.
Farrow left the series in 1966 at the urging of Frank Sinatra whom she married on July 19, 1966.
In the 1970s, Farrow performed in several classical plays in London including Mary Rose, The Three Sisters, and Ivanov.
In the 1980s and early 1990s, Farrow's relationship with director Woody Allen resulted in numerous film collaborations.
Citing the need to devote herself to raising her young children, Farrow worked less frequently during the 1990s.
In March 2007, China said it would urge Sudan to engage with the international community.
The campaign persuaded Steven Spielberg to withdraw as an artistic adviser to the opening ceremony.
She wanted to be taken captive in exchange for his being allowed to leave the country.
Farrow is also a board member of the Washington, D.C. based non-profit Darfur Women Action Group .
Farrow's goal was to fast for three weeks, but she called a halt after twelve days on the advice of her doctor.
She stated she would not have gone to Ecuador had she not believed in the cause.
Farrow helped build The Darfur Archives, which document the cultural traditions of the tribes of Darfur.
Since 2011 the Archives have been housed at The Dodd Research Center at the University of Connecticut.
On July 19, 1966, Farrow married singer Frank Sinatra at the Las Vegas home of Jack Entratter.
Sinatra wanted Farrow to give up her acting career which she initially agreed to do.
After Farrow failed to report for filming, Sinatra cast actress Jacqueline Bisset in Farrow's role.
On September 10, 1970, Farrow married conductor and composer André Previn in London.
Farrow had begun a relationship with Previn while he was still married to his second wife songwriter Dory Previn.
During their relationship, Farrow starred in 13 of Allen's films, and several of her relatives also made appearances.
In December 1991 a New York City court allowed Woody Allen to co-adopt Dylan and Moses.
On December 19, 1987, Farrow gave birth to their son Satchel O'Sullivan Farrow, later known as Ronan Farrow.
In 1992, Mia alleged that Dylan Farrow, then aged seven, had told her she had been sexually abused by Allen.
Tam Farrow died of heart failure in 2000 at the age of 19 after a long illness.

Frampton was born in Nashville, Tennessee to English rock and roll musician, Peter Frampton, and Tina Elfers.
Settling in Cincinnati, Ohio in 2000, and although born into rock and roll, Mia had had a traditional upbringing.
At the age of 5, Mia took her first ballet lesson and has pursued the arts.
Since arriving in Los Angeles, Mia made her theatre debut starring in Mike Pavone WWE Feature That's What I Am.
She is the daughter of Diana, a stylist and also a photographer, and Jerome Sarapochiello, a photographer and artist.
She is the daughter of Aerosmith lead singer Steven Tyler, and actress Cyrinda Foxe.
She was formerly married to ex-Papa Roach drummer Dave Buckner and was engaged to guitarist Brian Harrah.

She lived on a Connecticut farm with her five sisters for the first ten years of her life.
When she was 11, Learned moved to Austria, where her father worked for the U.S. State Department.
During this time, she discovered the theater and decided to make acting her life's work.
She was nominated for six Emmy Awards and won three for her role of Olivia Walton.
For her portrayal of Olivia Walton, Learned was nominated for four Golden Globe Awards.
Though the series was well received critically, it was not a ratings success and lasted only two seasons.
Her first husband was Canadian-American actor Peter Donat, whom she married in 1956, when she was 17 years old.
Her second marriage, to Glenn Chadwick, lasted from 1975–1977, and ended in divorce.
That marriage ended and in 1988 she married lawyer John Doherty; they reside in California.
It was then, at age 32, that Learned realized she was an alcoholic.

However, McManus continued to be credited in the main titles for the rest of the season.
It was later confirmed by the producers that McManus would not be returning to the show.
In late 2013, it was announced via Twitter that the couple was expecting their first child together.
She went to Moses DeWitt Elementary School and Wellesley High School in Wellesley, Massachusetts.
Watkins auditioned for a part in a British farce at a community theater when she was 15, and got the part.
After theater school, Watkins lived and worked in New York City for a year but struggled to build her career.
She traveled around the country doing regional theater, then decided to move to Los Angeles.
She was active in Los Angeles Theatre for many years, taking on roles with Circle X Theatre and 2100 Square Feet.
Watkins said the appeal of sketch work is that she can write her own material.
Watkins made her first major appearance on the show as Arianna Huffington on the November 22nd Weekend Update.
The series stars Eliza Coupe and Jay Harrington and premiered on October 28, 2014.
In the series, she enlisted MacGyver's help in completing her mission for the Chinese student movement.
Boyd was born to a Navy family and thus spent much of her life traveling.
She lived all over the United States as well as Italy and Japan before going to high school in San Diego.
Boyd also has worked as a snowboarding instructor and holds a green belt in hapkido.
In 2013, Adult Swim announced they would be producing a Team Unicorn television pilot.

In addition to acting, Hicks is the owner of a pilates gym and has a blue belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu as of 2008.
In July 2008, Michele Hicks married British actor Jonny Lee Miller in Malibu, California. 
After her mother's death, she stopped working to spend time with her son.
She played Michele Burton, a clerk in a hotel newsstand, with support from Stephen Collins.
Due to her long-running tenure, Lee's alter ego is often credited as being the center of the program.
The characters of the serial often represented what was happening in society at the time.
Lee was the only performer to appear in all of the show's 344 episodes.
Although Lee was enjoying a successful career on television, her marriage to actor James Farentino was failing.
Farentino and she separated around the same time Lee's onscreen husband, Don Murray, left the show.
The play touches on several topics including the Iraq War , homosexuality, alcoholism, and the definition of family.
She is now a full-time faculty member teaching advanced acting at Wagner College in Staten Island. 
 Michelle Arthur Michelle Arthur is an English actress, who lives in the United States.
She was a regular cast member and writer on the comedy Head Case as Lola on the Starz network.
 Michelle Bauer Michelle Bauer is an American B-movie actress, scream queen and pornographic actress.
Ray liked her audition, and offered her the part if she would be willing to dye her hair black.
After they divorced, he filed a lawsuit requesting she not use it for her films.
At the start of her career, Belegrin did several commercials for Honda, Panasonic, and Bally's Total Fitness.
Burke is sometimes credited as Michelle Rene Thomas and Michelle Thomas, especially in works after 1997.
Clunie was born in Portland, Oregon, where she studied ballet tap, jazz and violin.
At 19 years old she sold her violin for $200 and moved to Los Angeles, California to pursue her acting career.
It dissects how people meet, communicate, copulate and fall in love in the age of constant media and technology.
Michelle Clunie has always been one to speak out for things she passionately believes in.
Michelle is a graduate of The Los Angeles Film School where she studied writing and directing.
She has gone on to act in commercials and TV shows, and star in movies. 
As a teen, Federer attended Stagedoor Manor Performing Arts Camp, located in Loch Sheldrake, New York.
She ended her return engagement on January 10, 2010, and was replaced by Jenny Fellner.
She has also been nominated for multiple Screen Actors Guild and Saturn Awards during her career.
She began receiving formal acting training at the High School for the Performing and Visual Arts in Houston.
She performed on the show for two years, receiving a Daytime Emmy Award nomination for her performance in 1990.
She remained with the show for two years, then was let go as part of a major cast overhaul .
This was the first instance of an unaired pilot episode leaking via P2P and BitTorrent clients.
Galdenzi appears in an advertisement in the magazine MAQ: Men's Athletic Quarterly in May 2008.
She has modeled for Roar Clothing in 2009 and was featured in billboards in Los Vegas and Los Angeles.

She graduated from Saint Ann's School in 1984 and Boston University in 1988, and studied with the Alvin Ailey School.
The movie was notable as Johnson's first starring role and for her many topless scenes and one full-frontal nude scene.
Other than occasional paparazzi photos, she has since remained out of the public eye.
Johnson was born in Anchorage, Alaska, to a homemaker mother and a psychologist father.
Johnson sold her house in West Hollywood, California in April 2009 for a reported sum of $4.1 million.
She was adopted at age 5 by a Taiwanese aunt, her father's elder sister, who had married an American.
Krusiec studied theater at Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, graduating with a B.A.
She has received funding from Visual Communications to develop the play into a feature film.
 Michelle Lee Michelle Lee is a Chinese American female martial artist, stuntwoman and actress.
She graduated from East Buchanan High School in 1994, where she was class president and acted in several plays.
After graduation, she moved to Chicago to study journalism at Columbia College Chicago and began to model.
She modeled in Milan, Singapore, Tokyo and Hong Kong, as well as in the United States.
They married in Sydney five years later in August 2005 and live in New York.
She gave birth to their daughter Willow Katherine White in 2008 and son Tommy Francis White on October 30, 2013.
In 2011, Monaghan had a mole on the back of her calf, which she had examined then removed.
Nicastro died of breast and brain cancer on November 4, 2010, at home with her family.
She worked as a check-out girl at Vons supermarket, and attended Golden West College.
After a short stint training to be a court stenographer, she decided upon an acting career.
Nothing is harder to play than virtue, and Pfeiffer is smart enough not to try.
She underwent intensive voice training for the role for four months, and performed all of her character's vocals.
Pfeiffer was once again nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Drama for her performance.
In March 1993, she adopted a newborn daughter, Claudia Rose, who was christened on Pfeiffer and Kelley's wedding day.
She gained fame as a member of the 1960s vocal group The Mamas & the Papas.
She grew up partly in Mexico City, where her father was attending college on the GI Bill.
He divorced his wife and married Michelle on December 31, 1962, when she was 18.
In 2002, the group was inducted into the Vocal Group Hall of Fame, and she performed live with Denny Doherty .
Phillips began acting in the 1970s and continues to act in movies and in television.
She grew up in Montclair, New Jersey and was an alumna of West Essex High School.
The following year, she competed in the international pageant and won the title of International Queen.
Thomas also appeared in music videos for Mint Condition, Dru Hill and Chubb Rock.
In August 1997, Thomas was diagnosed with a rare form of cancer, intra-abdominal desmoplastic small-round-cell tumor.
After being released from the hospital, Thomas flew home to New Jersey to spend Thanksgiving with her family.
On December 26, 1998, a Muslim funeral service was held, as per her request.
Her father is German and her mother is Russian, and she is of Jewish descent, with her grandparents living in Israel.
Trachtenberg made her first television appearance at the age of three, in a commercial for Wisk detergent.
She returned to the show for a multiple-episode story arc towards the end of season two.
She also appeared several times in season five, and in almost every episode of season six, the show's final season.
She reprised the role on June 16, 2011, and in the series finale on July 21, 2011.
The trial, which brought about the concept of palimony, was widely covered in the media at the time.
During this time, she was Michelle Triola Marvin, having legally changed her name to add Marvin's surname to her own.
The cancer caused her death on October 30, 2009, at the Malibu, California, home she shared with Van Dyke.
has confirmed that a fourth season will be in production in the fall of 2009.
Wolff holds a BA in theater arts with an acting emphasis from University of California, Santa Cruz.

Boorem was born in Tucson, Arizona, the daughter of Holly Sue and Benjamin Melvin Boorem.
She was accepted to Loyola Marymount University's theatre program in Los Angeles and graduated with her BA in theatre.
She was a part of the singing group T-Squad until they disbanded in 2008 and has had parts in TV and feature films.
She has also been in a Disney clip called Movie Surfers for Disney from the years 2000–2003. 
She hailed from Denver, Colorado but grew up in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
After several years spent studying, she traveled to Los Angeles in the hopes of securing a role in a film.
After their marriage, Lloyd announced that Davis would not appear in any more motion pictures.
Davis died from a coronary following a series of strokes in Santa Monica, California, in 1969. 
Dunnock was a school teacher who did not start acting until she was in her early thirties.
Dunnock has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for her contribution to motion pictures, at 6613 Hollywood Boulevard.
She is also a member of the American Theater Hall of Fame, which she was inducted into in 1983.
 Mildred Harris Mildred Harris was a leading American film actress during the early part of 20th century.
Harris began her career in the film industry as a popular child actress when she was 11 years old.
She followed the film with various juvenile roles, often appearing opposite child actor Paul Willis.
She performed in vaudeville and burlesque, and, at one point, toured with comedian Phil Silvers.
Their child Norman Spencer died in July 1919, at only three days of age, and the couple separated in the autumn of 1919.
Chaplin accused her of infidelity, and though he would not name her lover publicly, Alla Nazimova was suspected.
In 1934, she married the former football player William P. Fleckenstein in Asheville, North Carolina.
The couple remained married until Harris' death on July 20, 1944, of pneumonia following a major abdominal operation.
Harris has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6307 Hollywood Boulevard in Los Angeles.
Natwick was born in Baltimore, Maryland, the daughter of Joseph and Mildred Marion Natwick .
For her performance, Natwick won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie.
In 1981, Natwick joined Hayes as the first members of the Board of Advisors to the Riverside Shakespeare Company.
Natwick, who never married or had children, lived in a duplex on Park Avenue in Manhattan for the majority of her life.
On October 25, 1994, Natwick died of cancer at her home in Manhattan at the age of 89.
She was born during her father's military posting there in 1909; later the family moved to Moscow.
She then began touring the Baltic countries and Germany, and, in 1929, married Kuno Foelsch, a physicist.
Film producer Irving Thalberg heard her recordings and signed her to a ten year film contract, sight unseen.
During her tour, the United States became involved in World War II, and she decided to stay in Mexico for the duration.
In 1944, Korjus returned to the United States, where she performed at Carnegie Hall.
She toured the country for several more years, eventually settling in Los Angeles, California.
Born in Kiev, Jovovich immigrated with her parents to the United States when she was five.
She reprised her role in four sequels, all in the apocalyptic fiction action horror genre, made between 2004 and 2012.
She continues to release demos for other songs on her official website and contributes to film soundtracks.
In 1980, when Milla was five years old, her family left the Soviet Union for political reasons and emigrated to London.
They subsequently immigrated to Sacramento, California, settling in Los Angeles seven months later.
In 1988, her father had a relationship with an Argentine woman, and they had a son, Marco Jovovich.
Due to her parents' divorce years before, Milla saw little of her half brother.
Milla attended public schools in Los Angeles, becoming fluent in English in three months.
At age 12, Milla left seventh grade to focus on modeling, which she had started at age nine.
In 1994, she became naturalized as a U.S. citizen at the age of 19.
She portrayed Alice, the film's heroine, who fights a legion of zombies created by the Umbrella Corporation.
Jovovich had accepted the role because she and her brother Marco had been fans of the video game franchise.
Following the release of the film, Jovovich was unhappy with the critical results and director Alexander Witt's effort.
The shorts Alice, her character, wears are a variation on the 'Alice Star' Shorts from the Spring 2007 collection.
In late 2008, Jovovich and Hawk mutually agreed to end the business due to increased demands on their time.
Jovovich was born in the Ukrainian SSR of the former Soviet Union to a Russian mother.
She has stated that her native language is Russian, and that she never learned to speak Serbian well.
The art, built on the system of Stanislavsky – that's the most realistic art.
Anderson proposed to Jovovich in 2003, but the two separated for a period of time before becoming a couple again.
On November 3, 2007, Jovovich gave birth to her and Anderson's first child, a daughter, Ever Gabo.
Andrews was 21, while Jovovich was 16; the marriage was annulled by her mother two months later.
Jovovich became involved with Birkin romantically just before his death in a car accident on November 8, 2001.
Jovovich also dated former Red Hot Chili Peppers guitarist John Frusciante, for seven months in 2000.
In an article published in 1994, she admitted that her only vices were cigarettes and cannabis.
She was also nominated for a Golden Raspberry Award for Worst New Star for her role in this film.
Conversely she also received a nomination for the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Supporting Actress for the same role.
She received a nomination for the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Actress for , in 2000.
As Zachary Taylor's vice president, he assumed the presidency after Taylor's death.
Fillmore was a lawyer from western New York state, and an early member of the Whig Party.
He served in the state legislature , as a U.S. Representative , and as New York State Comptroller .
He sought election to a full term in 1852, but was passed over for the nomination by the Whigs.
When the Whig Party broke up in 1854–1856, Fillmore refused to join the Republican Party.
He later lived in East Aurora, New York in the southtowns region south of Buffalo.
He left after four months, but subsequently took another apprenticeship in the same trade at New Hope, New York.
He struggled to obtain an education living on the frontier and attended New Hope Academy for six months in 1819.
Later that year, he began to clerk and study law under Judge Walter Wood of Montville.
He was admitted to the bar in 1823 and began his law practice in East Aurora, New York.
It would become one of western New York's most prestigious firms, and exists to this day as Hodgson Russ LLP.
He was a follower and associate of Thurlow Weed, who had been a leading Anti-Mason.
He was re-elected twice, serving from 1837 to 1843, in the 25th, 26th, and 27th Congresses.
He came in second place in the vote for Speaker of the House in 1841.
As Comptroller, he revised New York's banking system, making it a model for the future National Banking System.
A group of Whig pragmatists sought to balance the ticket, and the convention nominated Fillmore for Vice President.
Fillmore came from a free state, had moderate anti-slavery views, and could help carry the populous state of New York.
Lewis Cass and William Orlando Butler, the Democrats, took 1,223,460 votes and 127 electoral votes .
California settlers were petitioning for immediate admission as a free state, with no territorial stage.
Taylor stunned his fellow Southerners by urging the immediate admission of California and New Mexico as free states.
When the compromise finally came before both Houses of Congress, it was very watered down.
Clay, exhausted, left Washington to recuperate, passing leadership to Senator Stephen A. Douglas of Illinois.
At this critical juncture, President Fillmore announced his support of the Compromise of 1850.
Douglas modified Clay's bill accordingly, and then split it into five separate Senate bills.
Each measure obtained a majority, and, by September 20, President Fillmore had signed them into law.
Nonetheless, the Compromise disrupted the Whig party, which did badly in the fall 1850 elections in the north.
Fillmore appointed Benjamin Robbins Curtis to seat two of the Supreme Court of the United States.
He attempted four times to fill the vacancy caused by Justice John McKinley's death.
The Senate took no action on the nomination of New Orleans attorney Edward A. Bradford.
The nomination of William C. Micou, another New Orleans lawyer recommended by Benjamin, was not acted on by the Senate.
Hoffman was reassigned several times, beginning on January 18, 1854, as the California federal courts were redistricted.
They were also concerned that American sailors cast away on the Japanese coast were imprisoned as criminals.
Therefore, some of these southerners tried to get Cuba annexed to the U.S. as a slave state.
His first attempt in 1849 was suppressed by U.S. officials by orders of President Taylor.
As the election of 1852 approached, Fillmore had been long undecided whether to run for a full term as President.
Fillmore was then unpopular with northern Whigs for signing and enforcing the Fugitive Slave Act.
He led narrowly on the early ballots, but was short of a majority and could gain no votes.
Most former northern Whigs, including Fillmore's old mentor Weed, joined the new Republican Party.
He was out of the country when the nomination came and had not been consulted about running.
James Buchanan and John C. Breckinridge were the Democrat candidates, and won 1,836,072 votes and 174 electoral votes .
John C. Fremont and William L. Dayton were the Republican candidates and won 1,342,345 votes and 114 electoral votes .
Fillmore's wife Abigail, who had been unwell for years, died March 30, 1853, less than one month after he left office.
Fillmore was the first Chancellor, a position he held as Vice President and as President.
After leaving office, Fillmore returned to Buffalo and continued to serve as chancellor of the school.
While touring Europe in 1855, Fillmore was offered an honorary Doctor of Civil Law degree by the University of Oxford.
Their combined wealth allowed them to purchase a big house in Buffalo, New York.
They were noted for lavish hospitality in their home, until Mrs. Fillmore's health began to decline in the 1860s.
Fillmore helped found the Buffalo Historical Society in 1862 and served as its first president.
He commanded the Union Continentals, a corps of home guards of males over the age of 45 from the upstate New York area.
They performed military drill and ceremonial functions at parades, funerals, and other events.
They continued operations after the war, and Fillmore remained active with them almost until his death.
Fillmore's reputation as a Lincoln critic caused a crowd to gather outside his house after Lincoln's assassination.
He died at 11:10 pm on March 8, 1874, of the aftereffects of a stroke.
On January 7 each year, a ceremony is held at his grave site in the Forest Lawn Cemetery in Buffalo.
Some northern Whigs remained irreconcilable, refusing to forgive Fillmore for having signed the Fugitive Slave Act.
A popular story claims, incorrectly, that Fillmore installed the White House's first bathtub.
After the early death of her father, her mother took her and her sister to Los Angeles.
At only 18 months, she was a popular calendar model, posing with cute animals.
During the 1950s and early 1960s she would appear in 35 movies and approximately 40 television episodes.
The scene at the amusement park was filmed at Glen Echo Amusement Park, on the northern side of the river.
Grant gave each of the children a $50 savings bond, a large sum in those days.
Gibson played a schoolgirl at a private school run by Audrey Hepburn and Shirley MacLaine.
With the end of her child acting career, Gibson's life took a turn for the worse.
Lacking the funds to go college, she made a hasty marriage at age 20.
She lives on a farm in Soledad, California, happily married, and where she raises goats and llamas. 
She is the youngest of five children born to a Greek father and a Latino mother.
She began martial arts lessons at age six, and debuted as a professional fighter at age sixteen.
She also teamed with Wendi Richter against Miceli and Sylvia in a series of tag team matches.
They feuded throughout the summer and fall of 1988, but Lesseos was unable to win the title.
Her father had become involved with Scientology before she was born, and the religion was part of her upbringing.
The family lived in Virginia, Arizona, Michigan, and England, before settling in Los Angeles.
In place of college, she formulated her own program of study and also got involved in community theater and writing.
After her first marriage break-up, Rogers moved to Los Angeles to embark on an acting career.
Rogers played Claire Gregory, a socialite that is protected after she witnesses a murder.
She received an Independent Spirit Award for Best Female Lead nomination for her role in the film.
Together with her fellow producers, Rogers received a Daytime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Children's Special.
In July 2006, she finished in the money at the $1000 Ladies' No-Limit Hold 'em World Series of Poker event.
She was born as Marion Rogers in Williston, North Dakota on February 15, 1915, and grew up in Massachusetts.
Following the divorce that ended her first marriage, she moved to New York City.
She also appeared in print and television advertisements for Burberry, Juicy Couture, Louis Vuitton and Nike.
Weddell had been featured in ads for numerous top fashion brands, including Louis Vuitton.
Mimi Weddell died at age 94 in her Manhattan home after a short illness on September 24, 2009.
Most of her career has been spent in Europe, including a giallo movie with Dario Argento.
In the early 60s she was romantically linked with Phil Everly of The Everly Brothers.
She is divorced from screenwriter Vincenzo Cerami, and has a daughter by him, Italian television actress Aisha Cerami.
Cohn was cast as Natalie Green and portrayed the character for the series' entire run , as well in the reunion movie .
She is also a strong supporter of the LGBT community and has stated that she is proud to be a fag hag.
Kaling's mother was working as an OBGYN, and her father was overseeing the building of a wing of the hospital.
Kaling graduated from Buckingham Browne & Nichols, a private school in Cambridge, Massachusetts, in 1997.
She was a classics major for much of college, and studied Latin, a subject she's studied since the 7th grade.
The series was canceled by Fox in May 2015 but was later picked up by Hulu for a 26 episode fourth season.
When Kaling started doing stand-up, the emcees could never pronounce her last name, Chokalingam, so they made fun of it.
Kaling has said that she never saw a family like hers on TV, which gave her a dual perspective she uses in her writing.
She loves reading books by Jhumpa Lahiri, even naming her Mindy Lahiri character after her.
Farm, Sterling announced she would not be appearing on the show's third season due to family obligations.
She announced in June 2012 that she may return in the fourth season, with guest appearances in season three.
After a lumpectomy, chemotherapy, radiation treatment and tamoxifen, she has remained cancer-free. 
Born in Odessa, Czarist Russia, she spent the majority of her life and career in New York City.
In one episode, Pierre had a bad cold, and one of the remedies involved vegetables of all types.
Her distinctive accented voice and Jane Ace-like knack for malaprops made her a series trademark.
The record, according to Commodore, sold only 150 copies, all to friends of the artistes! 
She died in 1966 from a heart attack in Glendale, California, aged 71. 
She has been credited with and without her family name, but most credits since the late 1990s have been without it.
She has been known by such variants of her name as Ming-Na, Ming Na, Ming Na Wen and Ming Wen.
The show is one of the few American television shows with an Asian American series lead.
Her parents fled Suzhou during the Cultural Revolution and moved to Portuguese Macau during the 1960s.
In 2004, she took part in a Hollywood Home Game on the World Poker Tour, and won.
On June 16, 1995, Wen married her second husband, Eric Michael Zee.
She is the only child of former Aerosmith guitarist Rick Dufay and Maureen Dumont Kelly, an exotic dancer.
Her parents split up when she was young, and she was raised by her mother.
During the four years she spent in that vocation she continued auditioning for film and television roles.
In preparation for her role as a cheerleader she trained with the Pflugerville High School cheerleading squad.
At the end of the show's third season Kelly left the series as her character left for university.
Despite acclaim from critics who viewed the pilot, The CW did not pick up the series.
She played the role of a behavioral aide to the child character Max who is diagnosed with Asperger syndrome.
The film follows a college freshman whose roommate has an obsession with her that turns violent.
The pilot was filmed in March 2011 and the series was picked up on May 13, 2011.
Kelly's mother Maureen died in 2008, at age 51, from colon cancer. 
After this, she spent a time coaching several young actresses before returning to film under her real name.
Gombell's third husband was the film writer, producer and director Myron Coureval Fagan. 
Dupree made her acting debut in a touring company under John A. Stevens in 1887.
Gentry was born Minnie Lee Watson in Norfolk, Virginia, the daughter of Mincie and Taylor Watson.
She met Roscoe Arbuckle when he was attempting to get started in theater and the two married in August 1908.
Durfee entered show business in local companies as a chorus girl at the age of seventeen.
Durfee and Arbuckle separated in 1921, just prior to a scandal involving the death of starlet Virginia Rappe.
Durfee was an avid defender of Mabel Normand, who was a close friend, and spoke fondly of her until her own death.
In later life, Durfee gave lectures on silent film and held retrospectives on her and her husband's pictures.
She was surprised and excited by the renewed interest in silent film and did her best to help.
Minta Durfee died in Woodland Hills, California at the Motion Picture Country Home in 1975.

Her career began at the age of three, when she appeared in television commercials.
Cosgrove was born in Los Angeles, California, to Tom, who owns a dry-cleaning business, and Chris , a homemaker.
I've been taking singing lessons for about five years, so getting to sing badly was new.
In the series, she portrayed Megan Parker, the mischievous younger sister of the title characters.
In 2005, Cosgrove was awarded the role of 'Munch' in the Disney Channel film '.
A unique part of this show is the fact that viewers may submit their own videos and also be included in the show.
By the summer of 2008, the show was the third highest rated in the 9–14 demographic.
She signed with skin care and cosmetics company Neutrogena on February 12, 2010, as an ambassador.
The tour began in Missouri and travel throughout the United States and ended in Ohio.
In 2011 she was accepted into New York University and the University of Southern California.
She ultimately started attending USC in fall of 2012 to be able to continue acting and to stay near her family.
In a November 2012 interview with Larry King, she stated that she would be majoring in film.
Cosgrove is an active supporter of St. Jude Children's Research Hospital in Memphis, Tennessee.
She also visits other children's hospitals and considers Education Through Music one of her favorite charities.

 Miranda July Miranda Jennifer July is an American film director, screenwriter, actor, author and artist.
Her body of work includes film, fiction, monologue, digital media presentations, and live performance art.
Miranda Jennifer July was born in Barre, Vermont in 1974, the daughter of Lindy Hough and Richard Grossinger.
Her parents, who taught at Goddard College at the time, are both writers.
In 1974 they founded North Atlantic Books, a publisher of alternative health, martial arts, and spiritual titles.
July was encouraged to work on her short fiction by author and friend of a friend Rick Moody.
After leaving college, she moved to Portland, Oregon and took up performance art.
Her performances were successful; she has been quoted as saying she has not worked a day job since she was 23 years old.
It operates at selected hotspots such as the Venice Film Festival and the New Museum in New York City.
The collection was highly regarded by other writers and critics including George Saunders, Dave Eggers and Amy Hempel.
Many of these works are distributed by the Video Data Bank at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. 
Miriam Cooper was born to Julian Cooper and Margaret Stewart in Baltimore, Maryland on November 7, 1891.
Her paternal grandfather had helped discover Navassa Island and made his wealth from selling guano.
Her parents had 5 children in 5 years including her sister Lenore and her brothers Nelson and Gordon.
Cooper had a troubled relationship with her mother, whom Cooper loved but felt was cold to her.
Once during her childhood her mother told her she hated Miriam for looking like her father.
Cooper cited these experiences as great influences both on her acting and on her Christian faith.
Never intending to be an actress, Cooper originally had trained to be a painter.
She attended St. Walpurga's School with the help of the nuns, who arranged her tuition.
From there she attended an art school named Cooper Union, again with help from the parish.
At the suggestion of a friend of her mother's, Cooper posed for Charles Dana Gibson at the age of 21.
Soon after, on a friend's suggestion, Cooper went to Biograph Studios, just to see what they were doing there.
Cooper had only seen one flicker behind her mother's back and hadn't been impressed with it.
One of the assistants, Christy Cabanne, approached them and asked if they would like to be extras.
Her friend backed out, but Cooper stayed for the $5 a day pay.
After shooting, Cooper was asked to stay in costume as D. W. Griffith wanted to screen test her.
As her roles grew she was invited to join their stock performance company, which was heading for Florida to film.
Deciding she could no longer live that way, Cooper announced her plans, much to her mother's despair.
Filming took place in Jacksonville, Florida with Anna Q. Nilsson and Guy Coombs as the leads.
For the 50th anniversary of the American Civil War, the company made several Civil War-themed shorts.
She was already able to swim, and these skills were used in several of her shorts.
Feeling her roles were as big as Nilsson's and much more dangerous, she requested a raise.
After returning to New York, Cooper decided once again to try D. W. Griffith.
She went to the Biograph offices every day for a week but no one took notice of her.
While leaving school one day, she ran again into Christy Cabanne, who had helped her on her first day as an extra.
Her first day back at Biograph, Griffith called her into his office five times, but sent her away each time.
Cooper was given one of the leading roles as the eldest Southern daughter Margaret Cameron.
After having troubles in rehearsal with the scene, she also had trouble while filming.
To get her to act upset in the scene Griffith took her aside and told her that her mother had died.
Cooper's sister Lenore visited her while filming and ended up as an extra playing Lillian Gish's maid in blackface.
While having trouble funding the film, Griffith offered Cooper a chance to invest in it, but Cooper had no money.
On the advice of Norma Talmadge, she asked to get her family in for free, which the theater allowed.
Cooper noted she played 'a fallen woman' not a 'prostitute', as some sources claimed.
In late 1915 Cooper began traveling between New York and California to spend more time with Raoul Walsh.
Cooper noted Griffith seemed to treat her differently from other actresses by continually giving her bigger parts .
Cooper quietly returned to New York and wired Griffith that she was leaving the company.
Cooper agreed for fear he would cheat on her if they were separated for the long filming period.
Two years later it was played for the Prince of Wales when he visited New York.
After filming another film, Walsh once again asked Cooper to 'temporarily return' to pictures until he was established.
Her contract allowed Walsh to get top billing instead of her—traditionally, it was either the director or the star.
In 1917, Cooper and Walsh began work on a film based on the Blanca de Saulles trial.
The film was controversial and received what amounted to an X rating for its time, as no children were allowed.
However, Cooper hated acting opposite Walsh's brother George, whom she felt was stiff.
As troubles in her marriage and finances began to appear, Cooper found she resented the role of 'The Director's Wife'.
On the advice of a friend, she took to the stage for the first and only time, but received disastrous reviews.
It only offered $650 a week and would film in Detroit, but Cooper took the part, anyway, for the money.
When the picture premiered Cooper cried after viewing it, feeling it was the worst movie she'd ever seen.
During World War II, Cooper volunteered for Red Cross, handing out doughnuts and writing letters for wounded soldiers.
The plays were based on two of her films and she sent them to FOX, but both were rejected.
In the 1950s she moved to Virginia where she started a women's writing club.
In 1969, a man from the Library of Congress called her, surprised to find she was still alive.
Only 3 of her 40 shorts still exist, while only 5 of her 21 features still exist.
Cooper got along well with D. W. Griffith, saying he had been a perfect gentleman.
However, when they first arrived in California, Cooper mistook his mannerisms as insulting .
She complained to Mae Marsh, who trying to win Griffith's favor, and Marsh told Griffith.
She claimed to have never been romantic with Griffith, like Lillian Gish or Mae Marsh.
However, she did mention in her autobiography that he tried to kiss her once after offering her a ride home.
He sent her a telegram asking her to see him in his hotel room but Cooper was unable to reach him.
Cooper got along well with most of Griffith's company including Dorothy Gish, Mary Alden, and Mae Marsh.
In later years Cooper was good friends with Carole Lombard, whom she helped get some of her first roles.
She enjoyed him more once his personal life was back in order and he was much more cheery.
After Mae Marsh turned Walsh down for an Easter Mass date Walsh and Cooper began dating in 1915.
The couple married in February 1916 and Cooper left the Griffith company to join Walsh in New York.
Walsh pleaded for forgiveness but Cooper found he was cheating with a young society girl who he was engaged to.
The final moment came when Walsh began an affair with Cooper's friend Lorraine Miller.
Cooper was furious and began divorce proceedings, threatening to put infidelity as her reason.
Though she never learned the reason, she suspected it had to do with her kidney illness.
Cooper and Walsh had been suing each other during the 1930s and Walsh later had the boys sue her as well.
Cooper never heard from either of her sons again and was unsure if they were still alive as of the 1970s.
Her nieces are sisters Olympic swimmer and gold medal winner Donna de Varona, and television actress Joanna Kerns.
Films in bold still exist 1912: 1913: 1914: Features Only 1914: 1915: 1916: 1917: 1918: 1919: 1920: 1921: 1922: 1923: 

 Miriam Hopkins Ellen Miriam Hopkins was an American film and TV actress known for her versatility.
She first signed with Paramount in 1930, working with Ernst Lubitsch and Joel McCrea, among many others.
Hopkins was born in Savannah, Georgia, and raised in Bainbridge, near the Alabama border.
In the remake, she played the aunt to Shirley MacLaine, who took Hopkins' original role.
Hopkins died in New York City from a heart attack nine days before her 70th birthday.
Born in Greentown, Indiana to Frank and Carrie Seegar, both teachers, she was the fourth of five daughters.
In 1931 and 1932, she made a total of six films, all B-movies.
Miriam retired from acting in 1933, later marrying Tim Whelan, a director, with whom she had two sons.
Her husband died in 1957, and decades later, both sons died within a span of nine months.
Tim Whelan, Jr. died from cancer in 1997, and son Michael, who was born with Down syndrome, died in 1998.
Miriam Seegar had two grandchildren and four great-grandchildren at the time of her death in 2011.
On her 102nd birthday she sailed from Southampton to New York on the Queen Elizabeth and back again.
According to her daughter-in-law, Harriet Whelan, Seegar died on January 2, 2011 at the age of 103.
Her parents divorced when she was 7, and she moved back and forth between Turin, Italy , and suburban Detroit .
The network has ordered show on April 14, 2014, set to premiere on March 31, 2015.
She was born Miriam Wolff in Brooklyn, New York on January 2, 1922 to Belarusian and Ukrainian immigrant parents.
She played this part for five years, also doubling as other characters and leading women on the show.
There, she worked with actors such as Lucille Ball, Ingrid Bergman, Montgomery Clift and Marlene Dietrich.
In the early 1940s, she directed and starred in numerous radio soap operas on WGR and WKBW in Buffalo.
She was elected a member of the Board of the Association of Canadian Television and Radio Actors in 1958–59.
Her involvement with performance continued through her membership from 1981 to 1986 on the Board of the ACTRA Awards.
On September 29, 2000, Miriam Wolff Ross died at her home in Toronto, of breast cancer.
In 1981, Wolfe received an award from Friends of Old Time Radio USA for her contribution to Radio's Golden Age. 

Barton's grandfather on her mother's side was a Gaelic language professor at the University of Belfast.
She has two sisters, younger Hania Barton and elder Zoe, a barrister in London.
In 2006, ten days after her twentieth birthday, she became a naturalised citizen of the United States.
Both films were critically and commercially successful, respectively earning $363,889,700 and $672,806,292.
In 1996, she returned to the show, replacing Michelle Trachtenberg in the role of Lily Benton Montgomery.
dropped in ratings dramatically during its third and fourth seasons, and ended in early 2007.
The film premiered at the Cannes Film Festival in May 2008 and was released theatrically in Russia in 2011.
Barton did not attend the premiere of the psychological thriller due to a medical issue.
It would be interesting having more creative control over where the storylines go or the characters.
She has also endorsed Chanel jewelry, appearing at a number of events for the brand.
In addition, she lent her name to the TRAID campaign in association with Visa Swap.
In July 2008, she created a 14 piece handbag collection for online retailer, ASOS.com.
In December 2008, Barton premiered her line of headbands released on the Stacy Lapidus line.
She also has a handbag line for London-based Ri2k, which is sold in the United Kingdom and Australia only.
Barton's previous boyfriends have included Cisco Adler, Taylor Locke, Jamie Dornan, Brett Simon, and Brandon Davis .
In December 2008, there were reports that she was dating The Kooks frontman Luke Pritchard.
Barton has worked with the home shopping company QVC to raise funds for women's cancer research.
She was detained and released later the same morning from the West Hollywood Sheriff Station on US$10,000 bail.
Obviously, I'm 100 percent responsible for my actions in this case and I'm really disappointed in myself...
Barton was subsequently charged with two misdemeanors: driving without a valid license; and a DUI.
She grew up in Springdale, Ohio and graduated from Princeton High School in 1990.


In a statement he gave to the press he said Auburn PD doesn't have any evidence that Misty is actually missing.
She trained as a ballerina as a child and began her career as a chorus dancer.
At 13, she was singing and dancing with the Los Angeles Civic Light Opera company.
After their marriage, Bean quit MCA and started his own real estate business and managed Gaynor's career.
Throughout the 1960s and '70s, she starred in nine acclaimed television specials that garnered 16 Emmy nominations.
On April 18, 2010, Gaynor won the 2010 NATAS Emmy Award for Outstanding Entertainment Program 1970s.
Monty Python's Flying Circus features Princess Mitzi Gaynor, played by Connie Booth in the story of Happy Valley. 
 Mitzi Green Mitzi Green was an American child actress for Paramount and RKO, in the early talkie era.
She then acted on Broadway and in other stage works, as well as in films and on television.
 Mitzi Kapture Mitzi Gaynor Donahue is an American actress, also credited and more popularly known as Mitzi Kapture.
During her time with the series, Kapture also sat in the director's chair.
She married Randall Hood in 1968, and her son's name was changed to Michael Randall Hood.
The couple operated a Los Angeles-based business renting editing equipment to film studios and university film programs.
During her recording career in Japan, Miyoshi recorded the following songs: Singles on Mercury Records .
Miyoshi Umeki recorded two theme songs for films in which she appeared: Cast recordings.

During her college years, she met her husband Gary Sinise, and they have been married since 1981.
At one time, she was a member of the Steppenwolf Theatre Company that Gary Sinise was instrumental in establishing.
Her father, Peter, was trained as a concert violinist, and her mother, Anne, is a nurse.
Kelly attended Connetquot Senior High School in Bohemia, Long Island, graduating in the class of 1986.
A faithful Catholic, Kelly had to decide between acting and her childhood ambition of becoming a nun.
For that film, she went home and got permission from her priest because of an explicit sex scene.
Moldova declared independence on August 27, 1991 as part of the dissolution of the Soviet Union.
Moldova is a parliamentary republic with a president as head of state and a prime minister as head of government.
In 2010, Oldowan flint tools were discovered at Bayraki that are 800,000-1.2 million years old.
Between the 1st and 7th centuries AD, the south was intermittently under the Roman, then Byzantine Empires.
Moldavia was invaded repeatedly by Crimean Tatars and, since the 15th century, by the Turks.
During this time there were anti-Semitic riots, leading to an exodus of thousands of Jews to the United States.
On , the Sfatul Țării decided with 86 votes for, 3 against and 36 abstaining, to unite with the Kingdom of Romania.
The union was conditional upon fulfillment of the agrarian reform, autonomy, and respect for universal human rights.
In May 1919, the Bessarabian Soviet Socialist Republic was proclaimed as a government in exile.
After the failure of the Tatarbunary Uprising in 1924, the Moldavian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic was formed.
The Soviet Army re-captured the region in February–August 1944, and re-established the Moldavian SSR.
Other forms of Soviet persecution of the population included political arrests or, in 8,360 cases, execution.
Official Soviet policy asserted that the language spoken by Moldovans was distinct from the Romanian language .
Along with several other Soviet republics, from 1988 onwards, Moldova started to move towards independence.
On 27 August 1989, the FPM organized a mass demonstration in Chișinău that became known as the Grand National Assembly.
In 1989, as opposition to the Communist Party grew, there were major riots in November.
The first democratic elections for the local parliament were held in February and March 1990.
Mircea Snegur was elected as Speaker of the Parliament, and Mircea Druc as Prime Minister.
Declaring itself a neutral state, Moldova did not join the military branch of the CIS.
Between March 2 and July 26, 1992, the conflict escalated into a military engagement.
On 2 January 1992, Moldova introduced a market economy, liberalizing prices, which resulted in rapid inflation.
In 1993, a national currency, the Moldovan leu, was introduced to replace the temporary cupon.
The country became the first post-Soviet state where a non-reformed Communist Party returned to power.
The Party of Communists of the Republic of Moldova managed to stay in power for eight years.
On 28 August 2009, this coalition chose a new parliament speaker in a vote that was boycotted by Communist legislators.
On 30 December 2010, Marian Lupu was elected as the Speaker of the Parliament.
In accordance with the Constitution, he will be serving as the Acting President of Republic of Moldova.
The economy has strongly recovered from the drought-related contraction in 2012 but will slow down in 2014.
Moldova has achieved a substantial degree of fiscal consolidation in recent years, but this trend is now reversing.
Going forward, the NBM needs to remain ready to adopt a tightening bias if inflationary pressures start emerging.
A political crisis in early 2013 led to policy slippages in the fiscal and financial areas.
Shipping on the lower Prut and Nistru rivers plays only a modest role in the country's transportation system.
The official language of Moldova is Romanian, a Romance language related to Italian, French, Spanish, and Portuguese.
In 2013 it was taught to over 60% of schoolchildren as the first foreign language.
This was followed by French, with less than 50% , and then German.
As of 2015, Romania allocates 5,000 scholarships in high schools and universities for Moldovan students.
Almost all the population is literate: the literacy rate of the population aged 15 and over is estimated at 99.4% .
The CIA World Factbook lists widespread crime and underground economic activity among major issues in Moldova.
Human trafficking of Moldovan women and children to other parts of Europe is a serious problem.
Emigration is a mass phenomenon in Moldova and has a major impact on the country's demographics and economy.
Television in Moldova was introduced in April 1958, within the framework of Soviet television.
Main dishes include beef, pork, potatoes, cabbage, and a variety of cereals.
Total recorded adult alcohol consumption is approximately evenly split between spirits, beer and wine.
Among Moldova's most prominent composers are Gavriil Musicescu, Ștefan Neaga and Eugen Doga.
Then Zdob și Zdub again represented Moldova in the 2011 Eurovision Song Contest finishing 12th.
Mark Pester was a student of the famous violin teacher Leopold Auer at the St. Petersburg Conservatory.
As a conductor, he staged the first operas in Moldova and performed with the soloists including Sergei Rachmaninov.
Another outstanding pianist is Oleg Maisenberg, the winner of the Schubert International Competition in Vienna.
Most retail businesses close on New Year's Day and Independence Day, but remain open on all other holidays.
Registered players have doubled, and almost 10,000 spectators turn up at every European Nations Cup match.
The most prestigious cycling race is the Moldova President's Cup, which was first run in 2004.
In the 2012 Summer Olympics, Cristina Iovu won the Bronze Medal in the Women's Weightlifting Competition . 
In 1914, she signed a contract with Balboa Films and played matronly roles in many of their films.


She acted in numerous stage productions through the years, including summer stock in La Jolla.
, which was written by her husband, writer Henry Farrell, and starred Debbie Reynolds and Shelley Winters.
After graduating, she moved to Chicago to work with The Second City, where she appeared in three mainstage revues.
Hagan was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, the daughter of Mary Elizabeth and John Robert Hagan.
She portrayed Angel, one of the four characters inside Herman, and represented his sensitivity.
 Molly O'Day Molly O'Day was an American film actress and the younger sister of Sally O'Neil.
She also appeared in Hal Roach's Our Gang series, and like her sister became one of the WAMPAS Baby Stars in 1928.
She attended California State University, Northridge and received a degree from the Department of Theatre.
Price was born in North Plainfield, New Jersey, and graduated from North Plainfield High School in 1984.
 Molly Ringwald Molly Kathleen Ringwald is an American actress, singer, dancer, and author.
Ringwald has two siblings, Beth and Kelly, and an older brother who died before she was born.
Ringwald later said that Nancy McKeon replaced her to play a new character named Jo.
Ringwald was cast as Claire Standish, a spoiled rich, so-called-sophisticate who is in detention for skipping class.
Ringwald's role as Andie went on to become one of her most recognizable performances.
“I grew up in a home filled with music and had an early appreciation of jazz since my dad was a jazz musician.
It's always where I go back to when I want to feel grounded,” Ringwald said in a statement.
She was parodied on an episode of Family Guy being Peter Griffins wife in an alternate timeline. 
Throughout Shannon's career she has appeared in a number of films in supporting roles.
Shannon was born in Shaker Heights, Ohio, on September 16, 1964, to an Irish American Catholic family.
Shannon was involved in a car accident when she was four years old which killed her mother, younger sister, and cousin.
Shannon attended St. Dominic School in Shaker Heights for grade school, and Hawken School in Gates Mills, Ohio.
She attended New York University, where she studied drama and graduated from NYU's Tisch School of the Arts in 1987.
Shannon was one of the few cast members to be kept when Lorne Michaels overhauled his cast and writers for season 21 .
As of Spring 2012, she has replaced Pauley Perrette as the spokesperson for Expedia.
In 1993, when Sims was 19 years old, she dropped out to pursue a career in modeling.
On June 19, 2012, she gave birth to their first child, Brooks Alan Stuber.
On September 30, 2014, she announced that she and Scott are expecting their second child.
In 2004, Sims launched Grayce by Molly Sims, a jewelry line which consists of necklaces, earrings, rings and bracelets.
The collection is available at HSN, Henri Bendel, Scoop, Ron Herman and Matches London.
After this she performed with Miller Brother's 101 Ranch both on tour and in Oklahoma.
In the 1930s she moved to Paris where she found an audience for traditional Native American dance.
At this time she began the researching folktales and traditions of the Native American north-east.
She return to the United States with her daughter, and spent the rest of her life on the Penobscot Reservation.
During the silent era of motion pictures, from 1911 to 1917, she appeared in 102 movies.
 Mona Freeman Mona Freeman born as Monica Elizabeth Freeman was an American film actress who was a former child star.
After a series of roles as a pretty, naive teenager she complained of being typecast.
Freeman's appearances in films ended in the 1950s but she continued to work in television.
Freeman was born in Baltimore, Maryland and grew up in Pelham, New York.
Mona Freeman died on May 23, 2014 at the age of 87 after a long illness at her Beverly Hills home. 
She was sent to Lubitsch and, after her hands were recorded, he made an entire test of her.
She married wealthy sportsman James N. Crofton, part-owner of the Agua Caliente Club resort in Baja California.
On July 14, 1932, Rico was with Crofton on a plane which crashed near Mexico City.
Rico filed suit for separate maintenance in March 1933 and asked for a sum of $2,000 monthly from Crofton.
In the action Rico stated she was a motion picture actress who earned $375 per week in 1931.
The proceedings were later withdrawn and a reconciliation was followed by a second honeymoon to Hawaii.
In October 1933 it was rumored that Crofton had established residence in Reno, Nevada to obtain a divorce.
She claimed that her husband frequently used bad language and once struck her in the face.
Rico died in Los Angeles, California on July 15, 1994 on her 87th birthday. 
France borders the country on three sides while the other side borders the Mediterranean Sea.
Monaco has a land border of , a coastline of , and a width that varies between .
The development will be adjacent to the Larvotto district and also plans a small marina.
There were four main proposals, and the final mix of use will be finalized as the development progresses.
However, Prince Albert II appointed, on 3 March 2010, the Frenchman Michel Roger as Minister of State.
Under the 1962 constitution, the prince shares his veto power with the unicameral National Council.
Monaco is the second smallest country in the world; only Vatican City is smaller.
Monaco is also the world's second smallest monarchy, and is the most densely populated country in the world.
In addition to their guard duties as described, the Carabiniers patrol the Principality's beaches and coastal waters.
As a result, it has warm, dry summers and mild, rainy winters.
Cool and rainy interludes can interrupt the dry summer season, the average length of which is also shorter.
Summer afternoons are infrequently hot as the atmosphere is temperate because of constant sea breezes.
On the other hand, the nights are very mild, due to the fairly high temperature of the sea in summer.
In the winter, frosts and snowfalls are extremely rare and generally occur once or twice every ten years.
It also has an unemployment rate of 2%, with over 48,000 workers who commute from France and Italy each day.
It has also become a major banking center, holding over €100 billion worth of funds.
Monaco has acquired the right to mint euro coins with Monegasque designs on its national side.
The plan for casino gambling was mooted during the reign of Florestan I in 1846.
However, Monaco as an independent country is not obligated pay taxes to other countries.
The Principality is no longer blamed in the 2005 FATF report, as well as all other territories.
Twenty-two territories, including Monaco, were thus evaluated between 1998 and 2000 on a first round.
Of interest to numismatists, in Monaco the euro was introduced in 2002, having been preceded by the Monégasque franc.
In preparation for this date, the minting of the new euro coins started as early as 2001.
Like Belgium, Finland, France, the Netherlands, and Spain, Monaco decided to put the minting date on its coins.
However, in 2006, the design was changed after the death of ruling Prince Rainier to have the effigy of Prince Albert.
Monaco also has a rich and valuable collection of collectors' coins, with face value ranging from €5 to €100.
These coins are a legacy of an old national practice of minting silver and gold commemorative coins.
The official language of Monaco is French, while Italian is spoken by the principality's sizeable community from Italy.
The official religion is Roman Catholicism, with freedom of other religions guaranteed by the constitution.
There are five Roman Catholic parish churches in Monaco and one cathedral, which is the see of the archbishop of Monaco.
There is one Anglican church , located in the Avenue de Grande Bretagne in Monte Carlo.
Two-thirds of the Jewish population is Sephardic, mainly from North Africa, while the other third is Ashkenazi.
The Muslim population of Monaco consists of about 280 people, most of whom are exclusively residents, not citizens.
The majority of the Muslim population of Monaco are Arabs, though there are smaller Turkish minorities as well.
The Monegasque Zoroastrian community also consists of a village with several boutiques and other stores.
Since 1929, the Monaco Grand Prix has been held annually in the streets of Monaco.
It is widely considered to be one of the most prestigious automobile races in the world.
From 2009 until 2011, the rally served as the opening round of the Intercontinental Rally Challenge.
The rally returned to the WRC calendar in 2012 and has been held annually since.
AS Monaco plays at the Stade Louis II and competes in Ligue 1, the first division of French football.
The women's team, OS Monaco, competes in the women's French football league system.
The club currently plays in the local regional league, deep down in the league system.
It once played in the Division 1 Féminine, in the 1994–95 season, but was quickly relegated.
Monaco's national rugby team, as of October 2013, is 91st in the International Rugby Board rankings.
Golf's Monte Carlo Open was also held at the Monte Carlo Golf Club at Mont Agel in France between 1984 and 1992.
In 2009, the Monaco stage of the Global Champions tour took place between 25–27 June.
The flag of Monaco is almost identical to the flag of Indonesia, except for the ratio of height to width.
The Monaco-Monte Carlo station is served by the SNCF, the French national rail system.
The Monaco Heliport provides helicopter service to the closest airport, Côte d'Azur Airport in Nice, France.
Monaco is so old that is has outlived many of the nations and institutions that it has had relations with.
The Crown of Aragon and Republic of Genoa became a part of other countries, as did the Kingdom of Sardinia.
Monaco shares a 6 km border with France but also has about 2 km of coastline with the Mediterranean sea.
For visitors a souvenir passport stamp is available on request at Monaco's tourist office.
It could be compared to Liechtenstein or San Marino, both land-locked and in Europe.
In Asia some comparison could be drawn to Macau or Singapore, especially in regards to land reclamation and tourism.

It is bordered by Russia to the north and China to the south, east and west.
While they do not share a border, Mongolia is separated from Kazakhstan by only .
Ulaanbaatar, the capital and also the largest city, is home to about 45% of the population.
By the mid-18th century, all of Mongolia had been incorporated into the area ruled by the Qing dynasty.
The majority of its population are Buddhists and the non-religious population is the second largest group.
The wheeled vehicles found in the burials of the Afanasevans have been dated to before 2200 BC.
Monuments of the pre-Xiongnu Bronze Age include deer stones, keregsur kurgans, square slab tombs and rock paintings.
The emergence of Pax Mongolica also significantly eased trade and commerce across Asia during its height.
Dayan Khan and his khatun Mandukhai reunited the entire Mongol nation under the Genghisids in the early 16th century.
Abtai Khan of the Khalkha converted to Buddhism and founded the Erdene Zuu monastery in 1585.
Each family kept scriptures and Buddha statues on an altar at the north side of their ger .
He got into conflicts with the Manchus over the looting of Chinese cities, and managed to alienate most Mongol tribes.
He died in 1634 and in 1636 most Inner Mongolian tribes had submitted to the Manchus, who founded the Qing dynasty.
The Khalkha eventually submitted to Qing rule in 1691, thus bringing all of today's Mongolia under Manchu's rule.
After several wars, the Dzungars were virtually annihilated during the Qing conquest of Dzungaria in 1757–58.
The Manchus also forbade mass Chinese immigration, allowing the Mongols to keep their culture.
With the fall of the Qing dynasty, Mongolia under the Bogd Khaan declared independence in 1911.
However, the newly established Republic of China considered Mongolia to be part of its own territory.
The area controlled by the Bogd Khaan was approximately that of the former Outer Mongolia during the Qing period.
In 1919, after the October Revolution in Russia, Chinese troops led by Xu Shuzheng occupied Mongolia.
These events led to Mongolia's close alignment with the Soviet Union over the next seven decades.
The early leaders of the Mongolian People's Republic were not communists and many of them were Pan-Mongolists.
The Soviet Union thus forcefully established a communist regime in Mongolia by exterminating Pan-Mongolists later.
By the beginning of the 20th century, about 750 monasteries were functioning in Mongolia.
The Stalinist purges in Mongolia that began in 1937 affected the Republic by killing more than 30,000 people.
Russia stopped Buryats migration to the Mongolian People's Republic in 1930 to prevent Mongolian reunification.
The February 1945 Yalta Conference provided for the Soviet Union's participation in the Pacific War.
The referendum took place on October 20, 1945, with 100% of the electorate voting for independence.
Although Mongolia does not share a border with Kazakhstan, its westernmost point is only from Kazakhstan.
The highest point in Mongolia is the Khüiten Peak in the Tavan bogd massif in the far west at .
The basin of the Uvs Lake, shared with Tuva Republic in Russia, is a natural World Heritage Site.
Most of the country is hot in the summer and extremely cold in the winter, with January averages dropping as low as .
Mongolia's constitution guarantees a number of freedoms, including full freedom of expression and religion.
Mongolia has a number of political parties; the largest are the Mongolian People's Party and the Democratic Party.
The party initiated two changes of government from 2004 until it lost power in a 2012 election.
Elbegdorj was re-elected on June 26, 2013 and was inaugurated on July 10, 2013 for his second term as president.
The legislative arm, the State Great Khural, has one chamber with 76 seats and is chaired by the speaker of the house.
From 2005 to 2006, about 40 troops were deployed with the Belgian and Luxembourg contingents in Kosovo.
On November 21, 2005, George W. Bush became the first-ever sitting U.S. President to visit Mongolia.
The symbol in the left bar of the national flag is a Buddhist icon called Soyombo.
The trellis walls, roof poles and layers of felt were replaced by stone, brick, beams and planks, and became permanent.
An example of a temple built in the Chinese tradition is the lamasery Choijing Lamiin Sume , which is a museum today.
The quadratic temple Tsogchin in lamasery Gandan in Ulaanbaatar is a combination of the Mongolian and Chinese tradition.
Dashi-Choiling monastery has commenced a project to restore the temple and the sculpture of Maitreya.
The music of Mongolia is strongly influenced by nature, nomadism, shamanism, and also Tibetan Buddhism.
Mungunhurhree and Haranga were to become the pioneers in the Mongolia's heavy rock music.
At Naadam, this contest is very popular and develops a serious audience among older Mongolians.
Naidangiin Tüvshinbayar won Mongolia's first ever Olympic gold medal in the men's 100-kilogram class of judo.
Communist government of Mongolia banned boxing during the period 1964–1967 but the government ended ban on boxing soon.
Mongolia's basketball team enjoyed some success recently, especially at the East Asian Games.
Mongolia holds many traditional festivals throughout the year and are mostly celebrations of Mongolian culture.
Naadam Festival is the largest festival, celebrated in every town and village across the country.
It features three sporting events: wrestling, archery and horse racing, amongst other traditional games and exhibits.
The Ice festival and the Thousand Camel Festival are amongst many other traditional Mongolian festivals. 
Monica Calhoun was the protagonist in the HBO special called Daddy's Girl or Daddy's Home.

Monica was born on June 30, 1971, in Cleveland, Ohio to Nancy and Paul Brokaw.
Her mother was a secretary in a hospital, and her father invented the first flame-resistant car wax.
Potter was married to Tom Potter from 1990 to 1998; together they have two sons.
She is the granddaughter of the celebrated Spanish artist Lluis Vila Plana, a period contemporary of Pablo Picasso.
She comes from a very artistic family and was inspired to art as a child by her grandfather's work.
She left Barcelona for Madrid in 2000 by herself and spent four years studying and acting on stage.
She has two younger brothers, twins named David and Albert, whom she loves as if they were her own children.
In the same year their parents divorced, the two brothers were involved in a near-fatal car accident.
He is now an alcohol dependence counselor, helping others who have fallen prey to alcohol addiction.

Curnen's mother is from Puerto Rico, and her father is of German and Irish descent.
She then moved to New York and started taking acting classes and going to auditions.

She studied philosophy and languages, learning to speak English, Italian, French, German, Spanish, and Flemish.
In the 1960s, van Vooren starred in summer stock theatre productions in the United States.
Bloodgood was born in Alliance, Nebraska, on September 20, 1975, but was raised in Anaheim, California.
Her father, Shell Bloodgood, is an American of Dutch and Irish descent, and her mother, Sang Cha, is Korean.
She subsequently ranked #53 in 2006, #40 in 2007 and #20 in 2009.
On December 15, 2012, Bloodgood gave birth to their first child, daughter Pepper. 
Moon Zappa was born in New York City, the eldest child of Gail and musician Frank Zappa.
In the mid-1980s, Moon and her brother Dweezil were frequent guest VJs on MTV.
Her mother is actress Vera Setta, and her father is journalist Fernando Baccarin, who is of Venetian descent .
She traveled the United States raising funds and bringing awareness to the prevention of birth defects.
As a younger child, she was seen on WFAA-TV's Mr. Peppermint Show with host Jerry Haynes.
In her teens she was in the audience on WFAA-TV's Sump'n Else bandstand show.
She auditioned three times to be in The Little Group, which was the show's dance group.
Also during this time, she appeared in several locally broadcast commercials on Dallas-Fort Worth television stations.
As a child, she suffered a bout of scarlet fever, which left her partially deaf.
Though the series had an impressive beginning, the ratings soon dropped and it was cancelled after two seasons.
She also fronted an international advertising campaign for the consumer tooth whitening product Dental White.
In 2014, Fairchild was named spokesperson for , a website created to help consumers make burial preplanning choices.
In that capacity, she appeared on television commercials and in a direct mail campaign.
Fairchild has been in a relationship with film company executive, Mark Seiler, for 35 years.
During the early 1970s, Fairchild was kidnapped and held against her will on two separate occasions. 

Her mother is a retailer at REI and her father does renovations for Starbucks; they are divorced.
Saylor moved to Villa Rica, Georgia at age two and Decatur, Georgia at age ten.
When Saylor was 11 years old, she auditioned for talent agent Joy Pervis and was signed.
The film premiered at the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival in September of that year.
She plans on studying Mathematics at the University of Chicago starting in the fall of 2015. 
Her father, who owned a coal and ice business, played the piano and guitar by ear.
In 1964, she received a Grammy Award nomination in 1964 for Best New Artist.
She continued to perform after that date at the Ballroom, Maxim's, Mirage Night Club , and Roosevelt Hotel's Cinegrill.
After Dennis's death, King relocated and lived for more than two decades in Malibu, California.
Geographically, Morocco is characterized by a rugged mountainous interior and large portions of desert.
A historically prominent regional power, Morocco has a history of independence not shared by its neighbours.
Its distinct culture is a blend of Arab, indigenous Berber, Sub-Saharan African, and European influences.
Morocco annexed the territory in 1975, leading to a guerrilla war with indigenous forces until a cease-fire in 1991.
He can also dissolve the parliament after consulting the Prime Minister and the president of the Constitutional court.
Morocco's predominant religion is Islam, while the official languages are Berber and Arabic.
The area of present-day Morocco has been inhabited since Paleolithic times, sometime between 190,000 and 90,000 BC.
Mitochondrial DNA studies have discovered a close link between Berbers and the Saami of Scandinavia.
The earliest known independent Moroccan state was the Berber kingdom of Mauretania under king Bocchus I.
This kingdom in northern Morocco, not to be confused with the present state of Mauritania, dates at least to 110 BC.
The Roman Empire controlled this region from the 1st century BC, naming it Mauretania Tingitana.
In the 6th century AD, northern Morocco was nominally part of the East Roman, or Byzantine Empire.
Throughout this time, the Berber inhabitants in the high mountains of the interior of Morocco remained unsubdued.
The Umayyad Muslims brought their language, their system of government, and Islam to Morocco.
Many of the Berbers slowly converted to Islam, mostly after Arab rule had receded.
It was founded by Salih I ibn Mansur in 710, as a client state to the Rashidun Caliphate.
According to medieval legend, Idris ibn Abdallah had fled to Morocco after the Abbasids' massacre of his tribe in Iraq.
The Idrisids established Fes as their capital and Morocco became a centre of Muslim learning and a major regional power.
From the 13th century onwards the country saw a massive migration of Banu Hilal Arab tribes.
In 1666, Morocco was reunited by the Alaouite Dynasty, who have been the ruling house of Morocco ever since.
Against the opposition of local tribes Ismail Ibn Sharif began to create a unified state.
With his Jaysh d'Ahl al-Rif he seized Tangier from the English in 1684 and drove the Spanish from Larache in 1689.
Morocco was the first nation to recognize the fledgling United States as an independent nation in 1777.
The Moroccan–American Treaty of Friendship, signed in 1786, stands as the U.S.'s oldest non-broken friendship treaty.
In 1860, a dispute over Spain's Ceuta enclave led Spain to declare war.
The 1912 Treaty of Fez made Morocco a protectorate of France, and triggered the 1912 Fes riots.
By the same treaty, Spain assumed the role of protecting power over the northern and southern Saharan zones.
In 1943, the Istiqlal Party was founded to press for independence, with discreet US support.
The most notable violence occurred in Oujda where Moroccans attacked French and other European residents in the streets.
Upon the death of King Mohammed, Hassan II became King of Morocco on 3 March 1961.
In 1971, there was a failed attempt to depose the king and establish a republic.
Some 592 people were recorded killed during Hassan's rule according to the truth commission.
The Polisario movement was formed in 1973, with the aim of establishing an independent state in the Spanish Sahara.
On 6 November 1975 King Hassan asked for volunteers to cross into the Spanish Sahara.
In 1984, Morocco left the Organisation of African Unity in protest at the SADR's admission to the body.
King Hassan II died in 1999 and was succeeded by his son, Mohammed VI.
Morocco and the Polisario Front held UN-sponsored talks in New York but failed to come to any agreement.
In 2002, Morocco and Spain agreed to a US-brokered resolution over the disputed island of Perejil.
He was the first Spanish leader in 25 years to make an official visit to the territories.
Those responsible were believed to be Salafiya Jihadiya adherents linked to the Moroccan Islamic Combatant Group.
In the April 2011 Marrakesh bombing, 17 people, mainly foreigners, were killed in a bomb attack on a Marrakesh cafe.
Morocco has a coast by the Atlantic Ocean that reaches past the Strait of Gibraltar into the Mediterranean Sea.
It is bordered by Spain to the north , Algeria to the east, and Western Sahara to the south.
The internationally recognized borders of the country lie between latitudes 27° and 36°N, and longitudes 1° and 14°W.
Adding Western Sahara, Morocco lies mostly between 21° and 36°N, and 1° and 17°W .
The geography of Morocco spans from the Atlantic Ocean, to mountainous areas, to the Sahara desert.
The Atlas Mountains are located mainly in the center and the south of the country.
Off the Atlantic coast the Canary Islands belong to Spain, whereas Madeira to the north is Portuguese.
The Rif mountains stretch over the region bordering the Mediterranean from the north-west to the north-east.
The Atlas Mountains run down the backbone of the country, from the northeast to the south west.
Morocco claims that the Western Sahara is part of its territory and refers to that as its Southern Provinces.
Morocco's capital city is Rabat; its largest city is its main port, Casablanca.
In the valleys, fertile soils and high precipitation allow for the growth of thick and lush forests.
Cloud forests can be found in the west of the Rif Mountains and Middle Atlas Mountains.
At higher elevations, the climate becomes Alpine in character, and can sustain ski resorts.
South-East of the Atlas mountains, near the Algerian borders, the climate becomes very dry, with long and hot summers.
Forested areas cover about 12% of the country while arable land accounts for 18%.
Notable cities that fall into this zone: Rabat, Casablanca, Kénitra, Salé and Essaouira.
In summer, daily highs can get as high as during heat waves, but usually between and .
Winters are cooler, it can get below freezing point multiple times between December and February.
South of Agadir and East under Jerada near the Algerian borders, arid and desert climate starts to prevail.
However, these phenomenons don't last for more than 2 to 5 days on average.
The area from Casablanca to Essaouira on the Atlantic coast, receives between 300 mm and 500 mm.
Morocco's weather is one of the most pristine in terms of 4 season experience.
Spring and fall see warm to mild weather temperatures and considerable rainfall, especially in November and March.
This is due to the diversity of climate and the precipitation patterns in the country.
The Barbary lion, hunted to extinction in the wild, was a subspieces native to Morocco and is a national emblem.
The last Barbary lion in the wild was shot in the Atlas Mountains in 1922.
Relict populations of the West African crocodile persisted in the Draa river until the 20th century.
The lower chamber of Parliament may dissolve the government through a vote of no confidence.
The UN maintains a small observer force in Western Sahara, where a large number of Morocco’s troops are stationed.
Morocco has had strong ties to the West in order to gain economic and political benefits.
France and Spain remain the primary trade partners, as well as the primary creditors and foreign investors in Morocco.
A dispute with Spain in 2002 over the tiny island of Perejil revived the issue of the sovereignty of Melilla and Ceuta.
Due to the conflict over Western Sahara, the status of the Saguia el-Hamra and Río de Oro regions is disputed.
As of 2006, no UN member state has recognized Moroccan sovereignty over Western Sahara.
The proposal was encouraged by Moroccan allies such as the United States, France and Spain.
Morocco is officially divided into 12 regions, which, in turn, are subdivided into 62 provinces and 13 prefectures.
Morocco's economy is considered a relatively liberal economy governed by the law of supply and demand.
Morocco has become a major player in the African economic affairs, and is the 5th African economy by GDP .
However, Morocco has since then slipped into fourth place behind Egypt, but ahead of Angola.
For 2012 the World Bank forecasts a rate of 4% growth for Morocco and 4.2% for following year, 2013.
The industries that recorded the highest growth are tourism, telecoms, information technology, and textile.
Most Europeans visit in April and the autumn, apart from the Spanish, who mostly visit in June and August In 2013.
Because of its proximity to Spain, tourists in southern Spain's coastal areas take one- to three-day trips to Morocco.
Morocco is relatively inexpensive because of the devaluation of the dirham and the increase of hotel prices in Spain.
Agadir is a major coastal resort and has a third of all Moroccan bed nights.
Their presence in the city helped to boost the city's profile as a tourist destination.
Agriculture accounts for about 16% of GDP but employs 40–45% of the Moroccan working population.
In the other hand, Morocco remains the first agricultural country and the biggest exporter of crops in North Africa.
In 2008, about 56% of Morocco's electricity supply was provided by coal.
Also, the region extends from the Mediterranean in the south, home of the Wergha River, to the north.
In addition to that, Morocco is a transit point for cocaine from South America destined for Western Europe.
The high speed train – TGV – will have a capacity of 500 passengers and will carry 8 million passengers per year.
Sunnis form the majority at 67% with non-denominational Muslims being the second largest group of Muslims at 30%.
Most foreign resident Christians reside in the Casablanca, Tangier, and Rabat urban areas.
The CIA World Factbook estimates that Christians are currently 1% of the Moroccan population.
Approximately 89.8% of the whole population can communicate to some degree in Moroccan Arabic.
In 2008, Frédéric Deroche estimated that there were 12 million Berber speakers, making up about 40% of the population.
In 2010, there were 10,366,000 French-speakers in Morocco, or about 32% of the population.
According to the 2004 census, 2.19 million Moroccans spoke a foreign language other than French.
Through Moroccan history, it has hosted many people coming from East , South and North .
It conceived various forms of beliefs, from paganism, Judaism, and Christianity to Islam.
It was aired on House Hunters International to an estimated global audience of 97 millions on 21 September 2010.
Moroccan architecture is beautiful and rich, alluring, and as varied as the landscape of the country itself.
The architecture can range from ornate with bold with colors to simple, clean lines with earth tones.
Morocco’s architecture has been described as exotic, majestic, eclectic, contemporary and traditional a true mix.
He founded a great library, which was eventually carried to the Casbah and turned into a public library.
Two main factors gave Morocco a pulse toward witnessing the birth of a modern literature.
Those writers were an important influence the many Moroccan novelists, poets and playwrights that were still to come.
It should be noted also, that orature is an integral part of Moroccan culture, be it in Moroccan Arabic or Amazigh.
Rock-influenced chaabi bands are widespread, as is trance music with historical origins in Muslim music.
Chaabi was originally performed in markets, but is now found at any celebration or meeting.
Morocco participated in the 1980 Eurovision Song Contest, where it finished in the penultimate position.
Between that time and 1944, many foreign movies were shot in the country, especially in the Ouarzazate area.
In 1944, the Moroccan Cinematographic Center , the nation's film regulatory body, was established.
However, the Festival's musicians did not play the Moroccan national anthem, as no one in attendance knew what it was.
This was followed in 1982 with the first national festival of cinema, which was held in Rabat.
In 2001, the first International Film Festival of Marrakech was also held in Marrakech.
Moroccan cuisine has long been considered as one of the most diversified cuisines in the world.
The most commonly eaten red meat in Morocco is beef; lamb is preferred but is relatively expensive.
The main Moroccan dish most people are familiar with is couscous, the old national delicacy.
Beef is the most commonly eaten red meat in Morocco, usually eaten in a Tagine with vegetables or legumes.
Poultry is also very common, and the use of seafood is increasing in Moroccan food.
Among the most famous Moroccan dishes are Couscous, Pastilla , Tajine, Tanjia and Harira.
Bakeries are very common throughout Morocco and fresh bread is a staple in every city, town and village.
Tea occupies a very important place in the culture of Morocco and is considered an art form.
Football is the country’s most popular sport, popular among the urban youth in particular.
In 1986, Morocco became the first Arab and African country to qualify for the second round of the FIFA World Cup.
At the 1984 Olympic Games, two Moroccans won gold medals in track and field.
Rugby came to Morocco in the early 20th century, mainly by the French who occupied the country.
In 2010, spending on healthcare accounted for 5.19% of the country's GDP.
The life expectancy at birth was 74 years in 2013, or 72 years for males and 76 years for females. 
The Moscow Kremlin and Red Square are also one of several World Heritage Sites in the city.
It is recognized as one of the city's landmarks due to the rich and varied architecture of its 197 stations.
Unlike other principalities, Moscow was not divided among his sons, but was passed intact to his eldest.
The battle, however, was not decisive and only two years later Moscow was sacked by khan Tokhtamysh.
In 1571, the Crimean Tatars attacked and sacked Moscow, burning everything but the Kremlin.
As many as 400,000 died during this time, and only a few tens of thousands of troops returned.
Its remaining inhabitants built and supervised antitank defenses, while the city was subjected to air bombing.
When the USSR dissolved at the end of that year, Moscow continued as the capital of Russia.
In 1998, Moscow hosted the first World Youth Games – see 1998 World Youth Games.
The width of Moscow city from west to east is , and the length from north to south is .
Record high temperatures were recorded for January, March, April, May, August, November, and December in 2007.
On average Moscow has 1731 hours of sunshine per year, varying from a low of 8% in December to 52% from May to August.
Between 2004 and 2010, the average was between 1800 and 2000 hours with a tendency to more sunshine in summer months.
For example, if the average February temperature in the centre of Moscow is , in the suburbs it's about .
The temperature difference between Moscow and nearby areas of Moscow Oblast can sometimes be more than 10 C° .
So, the period from July until the beginning of August has become considerably warmer.
At the end of January–February it is often colder, with frosts reaching a few nights per year .
Christianity is the predominant religion in the city, of which the Russian Orthodox Church is the most popular.
The Patriarch of Moscow serves as the head of the church and resides in the Danilov Monastery.
It was built on the site of the old demolished cathedral, where there had been a huge open swimming-pool until 1994.
Muslims number around 1.5 million, equivalent to 14% of the city's population.
This layout, as well as Moscow's rivers, helped shape Moscow's design in subsequent centuries.
Houses were made of pine and spruce logs, with shingled roofs plastered with sod or covered by birch bark.
It was built between 1919 and 1922 as a transmission tower for a Russian broadcasting company.
Most of these date from the post-Stalin era and the styles are often named after the leader then in power .
It is estimated that Moscow has over twice as many elevators as New York City and four times as many as Chicago.
However, small churches – almost always Eastern Orthodox– found across the city provide glimpses of its past.
Attempts are being made to restore many of the city’s best-kept examples of pre-Soviet architecture.
There are on average of parks per person in Moscow compared with 6 for Paris, 7.5 in London and 8.6 in New York.
Izmaylovsky Park, created in 1931, is one of the largest urban parks in the world along with Richmond Park in London.
Its area of is six times greater than that of Central Park in New York.
A central circle with a large fountain is surrounded by birch, maple and elm tree alleys.
Tsytsin Main Botanical Garden of Academy of Sciences, founded in 1945 is the largest in Europe.
Moscow's road system is centered roughly on the Kremlin at the heart of the city.
From there, roads generally span outwards to intersect with a sequence of circular roads .
The second primary ring, located outside the bell end of the Boulevard Ring, is the Sadovoye Koltso .
Like the Boulevard Ring, the Garden Ring follows the path of a 16th-century wall that used to encompass part of Moscow.
The third ring, the Third Transport Ring, was completed in 2003 as a high-speed freeway.
The Fourth Transport Ring, another freeway, is under construction to further reduce traffic congestion.
Socialist realism features can also be found within the halls of the New Tretyakov Gallery.
Moscow is also the heart of the Russian performing arts, including ballet and film.
Moscow possesses a large number of various sports facilities and over 500 Olympic champions lived in the city by 2005.
Moscow is home to sixty-three stadiums , of which Luzhniki Stadium is the largest and the 4th biggest in Europe .
Forty other sport complexes are located within the city, including twenty-four with artificial ice.
The Olympic Stadium was the world's first indoor arena for bandy and hosted the Bandy World Championship twice.
Moscow was again the host of the competition in 2010, this time in Krylatskoye.
There are also seven horse racing tracks in Moscow, of which Central Moscow Hippodrome, founded in 1834, is the largest.
However, when final voting commenced on July 6, 2005, Moscow was the first city to be eliminated from further rounds.
The most titled ice hockey team in the Soviet Union and in the world, HC CSKA Moscow comes from Moscow.
Moscow had more winners at the USSR and Russian Chess Championship than any other city.
The most titled volleyball team in the Soviet Union and in Europe is VC CSKA Moscow.
In football, FC Spartak Moscow has won more championship titles in the Russian Premier League than any other team.
FC Lokomotiv Moscow, FC Dynamo Moscow and FC Torpedo Moscow are other professional football teams also based in Moscow.
Because of Moscow's cold local climate, winter sports have a large following as well.
Many of Moscow's large parks offer marked trails for skiing and frozen ponds for skating.
Moscow also hosts the annual Kremlin Cup, a popular tennis tournament on both the WTA and ATP tours.
Slava Moscow is a professional rugby club, competing in the national Professional Rugby League.
In bandy one of the most successful clubs in the world is 20 times and current Russian League champions Dynamo Moscow.
Nightlife in Moscow has moved on since Soviet times and today the city has many of the world's largest nightclubs.
The basic law of the city is the Charter of Moscow that was adopted in 1995.
The Moscow City Duma is the City Duma and all local laws must be approved by it.
All administrative okrugs and districts have their own coats of arms and flags as well as individual heads of the area.
Such is the case with the All-Russia Exhibition Centre, the Botanical Garden, large parks, and industrial zones.
Moscow also hosts some of the government bodies of Moscow Oblast, although the city itself is not a part of the oblast.
Moscow has one of the largest municipal economies in Europe and it accounts for approximately 22% of Russian GDP.
Moscow accounts for 17% of retail sales in Russia and for 13% of all construction activity in the country.
Since the 1998 Russian financial crisis, various business sectors in Moscow have shown exponential rates of growth.
As a result, many former industrial and research facilities are being reconstructed to become suitable for office use.
It was administratively divided into twelve parts and covers a wide sector of the city.
However, as of 2009, there are only 27 billionaires in Moscow compared with New York's 55 billionaires.
Oleg Deripaska, the 1st on this list in 2008 with $28 billion, was only 10th in 2009 with .
The Mil Moscow Helicopter Plant is one of the leading producers of military and civil helicopters in the world.
Sukhoi, Ilyushin, Mikoyan, Tupolev and Yakovlev aircraft design bureaus also situated in Moscow.
During Soviet times, apartments were lent to people by the government according to the square meters-per-person norm .
Due to the current economic situation, the price of real estate in Moscow continues to rise.
In 2008, Moscow ranked top on the list of most expensive cities for the third year in a row.
In 2014, according to Forbes, Moscow ranked the 9th most expensive city in the world.
Currently, more than 9200 students are enrolling in 115 different academic departments in this university.
Most of them have branches in other regions of Russia and countries around the world.
The highest Russian military school is the Combined Arms Academy of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation.
The State Public Historical Library, founded in 1863, is the largest library specialising in Russian history.
It is also a home to all SkyTeam members, and the main hub for Aeroflot.
Recently renovated Vnukovo International Airport handles flights of Turkish Airlines, Lufthansa, Wizz Air and others.
The North River Terminal, built in 1937, is also the main hub for long-range river routes.
Local transport includes the Moscow Metro, a metro system famous for its art, murals, mosaics, and ornate chandeliers.
Today, the Moscow Metro comprises twelve lines, mostly underground with a total of 188 stations.
The Moscow Metro is one of the world's busiest metro systems, serving about ten million passengers daily.
Many of these routes are doubled by a trolleybus route and have trolley wires over them.
The line connects Timiryazevskaya metro station and Ulitsa Sergeya Eisensteina, passing close to VVTs.
New tram models have been developed for the Moscow network despite the lack of expansion.
New technology and service platforms , and displaced many private drivers and small service providers.
You can get a taxi using your smartphone, tablet or PC in 5–15 minutes.
It is cheaper and safer now than before, when the difference between hailing a cab and simply hitchhiking was blurred.
This area is the only spot in downtown Moscow that can accommodate a project of this magnitude.
A rail shuttle service, directly connecting MIBC with the Sheremetyevo International Airport is also planned.
The station Delovoi Tsentr opened in 2005, and was later renamed Vystavochnaya in 2009.
Many of yesterday's development groups are now in a near-bankrupt state like the Mirax-group or AFI Development.
Moscow is home to nearly all of Russia's nationwide television networks, radio stations, newspapers and magazines.
Movita, a Mexican American, was born in Nogales, Arizona, on a train travelling between Mexico and Arizona.
In the early 1940s, Movita married the Irish boxer, singer and actor Jack Doyle.
Castaneda died on February 12, 2015, in Los Angeles, after being hospitalized for a neck injury.
Between the 1st and 5th centuries AD, Bantu-speaking peoples migrated from farther north and west.
Swahili, and later also Arab, commercial ports existed along the coasts until the arrival of Europeans.
The area was explored by Vasco da Gama in 1498 and colonized by Portugal from 1505.
In 1994, Mozambique held its first multiparty elections and has remained a relatively stable presidential republic.
Portugal, Brazil, Spain and Belgium are also among the country's most important economic partners.
Since 2001, Mozambique's annual average GDP growth has been among the world's highest.
The island-town was the capital of the Portuguese colony until 1898, when it was moved south to Lourenço Marques .
Connections are evident at sites including Manyikeni for 11–14th century ties with the inland Great Zimbabwe kingdoms.
In 1951, the Portuguese overseas colonies in Africa were rebranded as Overseas Provinces of Portugal.
Statistically, Mozambique's Portuguese whites were indeed wealthier and more skilled than the black indigenous majority.
The Front for the Liberation of Mozambique initiated a guerrilla campaign against Portuguese rule in September 1964.
Unable to salvage any of their assets, most of them returned to Portugal penniless.
The new government, under president Samora Machel, established a one-party state based on Marxist principles.
Under supervision of the ONUMOZ peacekeeping force of the United Nations, peace returned to Mozambique.
FRELIMO won, under Joaquim Chissano, while RENAMO, led by Afonso Dhlakama, ran as the official opposition.
In December 1999, Mozambique held elections for a second time since the civil war, which were again won by FRELIMO.
There were widespread suspicions that foreign aid resources have been diverted by powerful leaders of FRELIMO.
His opponent, Afonso Dhlakama of RENAMO, received 32% of the popular vote.
Armando Guebuza was inaugurated as the President of Mozambique on February 2, 2005, and served two five-year terms.
His successor, Filipe Nyusi, became the 4th President of Mozambique on 15 January 2015.
To the north of the Zambezi River, the narrow coastal strip gives way to inland hills and low plateaus.
The country has four notable lakes: Lake Niassa , Lake Chiuta, Lake Cahora Bassa and Lake Shirwa, all in the north.
The major cities are Maputo, Beira, Nampula, Tete, Quelimane, Chimoio, Pemba, Inhambane, Xai-Xai and Lichinga.
The principal opposition party, RENAMO, boycotted the local elections, citing flaws in the registration process.
Working through the National Assembly, the electoral law was rewritten and passed by consensus in December 1998.
International and domestic observers agreed that the voting process was well organized and went smoothly.
RENAMO-UE coalition won 116 seats, one went independent, and no third parties are represented.
One month after the voting, the court dismissed the opposition's challenge and validated the election results.
This was the first time that FRELIMO, RENAMO-UE, and independent parties competed without significant boycotts.
The 24% turnout was well above the 15% turnout in the first municipal elections.
His opponent, Afonso Dhlakama of RENAMO, received 32% of the popular vote.
RENAMO and some other opposition parties made claims of election fraud and denounced the result.
They listed a whole range of shortcomings by the electoral authorities that benefited the ruling party FRELIMO.
This began to change in 1983; in 1984 Mozambique joined the World Bank and International Monetary Fund.
Western aid by the Scandinavian countries of Sweden, Norway, Denmark and Iceland quickly replaced Soviet support.
Italy also maintains a profile in Mozambique as a result of its key role during the peace process.
Similarly, in early 1996 Mozambique joined its Anglophone neighbours in the Commonwealth of Nations.
At the time it was the only nation to have joined the Commonwealth that was never part of the British Empire.
The official currency is the New Metical , which replaced old Meticals at the rate of a thousand to one.
The old currency was redeemable at the Bank of Mozambique until the end of 2012.
The US$, South African rand, and recently the euro are also widely accepted and used in business transactions.
The World Bank in 2007 talked of Mozambique's 'blistering pace of economic growth'.
A joint donor-government study in early 2007 said 'Mozambique is generally considered an aid success story.'
The IMF in early 2007 said 'Mozambique is a success story in Sub-Saharan Africa.'
However, in 2012, more than 90% of Mozambique's arable land was still uncultivated.
The music of Mozambique can serve many purposes, ranging from religious expression to traditional ceremonies.
Some would say that Mozambique's music is similar to reggae and West Indian calypso.
There are many different kinds of dances from tribe to tribe which are usually ritualistic in nature.
The men of Makua dress in colourful outfits and masks while dancing on stilts around the village for hours.
Radio programmes are the most influential form of media in the country due to their ease of access.
This is exemplified by the government radio station, Rádio Moçambique, the most popular station in the country.
Newspapers have relatively low circulation rates as a result of high newspaper prices and low literacy rates.
Through cable and satellite, viewers can access tens of other Africa, European, Brazilian and Asian channels.
Mozambique was ruled by Portugal and they share in common a main language and their main religion .
Mozambican music, movies , food, and traditions are now part of everyday lifestyles of Portugal.
Born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, she relocated to southern California when she was seventeen years old.
She studied at the Pasadena Playhouse and later appeared in films produced at Fox and Columbia Pictures.
She also worked as an assistant casting director at Columbia, when she met and married actor Alan Dinehart in 1933.
He was divorced at the time; the marriage lasted eleven years until his death.
They had a son, Mason Alan Dinehart, also known as Alan Dinehart, III.
She turned to writing and produced a daily column carried in a number of California and out-of-state newspapers.
The pair was found the following day, unwed and broke, and returned to their homes.
According to her sister, Mrs. Allamae Gingg, Britton's death was hastened by overwork.
She had been preparing a benefit show in San Diego for the American Cancer Society.
Mozelle and Alan Dinehart are entombed together at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale, California.
Mozelle Britton left her entire $60,000 estate to her mother, Ida Belle Britton.
She is best known for her many appearances in popular westerns of the 1930s for which she won a Golden Boot Award.
She spent her afternoons on film sets and was soon noticed by a studio executive.
She would go on to star in eight more shorts with Chase before his death in 1940.
By the mid-1930s, Evans also began co-starring in popular westerns alongside Tom Mix, John Wayne and Tex Ritter.
In 1951, the couple moved back to Hollywood, although Evans never resumed her acting career.
Eventually, the couple bought property in Tarzana, California, where Evans dabbled in real estate.

Born in Chicago, Landers began her career as a concert singer before moving to New York to pursue acting.
She initially found it difficult to find parts because of her weight , but found her niche in comedy.
She died of a stroke on February 19, 1977, and is interred at Forest Lawn Memorial Park, Hollywood Hills. 
She was signed by the Thanhouser Company based in New Rochelle, New York and starred in 134 films in her career. 
She grew up in Marin County, California and graduated from the UCLA School of Theater and Film.

Myra Keaton was born Myra Edith Cutler in Modale, Iowa; the daughter of Frank Luke Cutler and Sarah Elizabeth .
She had an older brother, Burt Melvin Cutler, and a half-brother, Clinton M. Cutler.
As teenagers, Myra and Burt traveled and performed with their father's medicine show.
Myra and Joe married on May 31, 1894, and began performing together in various medicine shows and vaudeville.
Their son, silent film actor Buster Keaton , was born October 4, 1895.
Myra and Buster left the act in 1917, as a result of problems arising from Joe Keaton's drinking.
All members of the Keaton family occasionally appeared in Buster's silent and sound comedies.
Although estranged in later years, Myra was married to Joe until Joe's death in 1946.
Myra Keaton died on July 21, 1955, in Los Angeles, California aged 78.
She acted one season at the Pasadena Playhouse before breaking into TV, and became an avid skier in California.
She invested in stocks and one of her contracts stipulated that she have a stock ticker in her dressing room.
She died on May 6, 1973, at age 40 at St. Johns Hospital, Santa Monica, California, after a long battle with cancer.
Apparently the patient could not bear to see DiMaggio with anyone other than Marilyn Monroe, who died in 1962.
 Myrna Hansen Myrna Hansen is an American actress, model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss USA 1953.
She graduated from Carl Schurz High School in Chicago, Illinois, in June 1953.
Prior to competing in the 1953 Miss Universe contest, Hansen planned to study animal husbandry in Colorado.
She had already mailed her tuition for admission to college, aspiring to become a veterinarian.
She also received an ornate trophy presented by Ruth Hampton, actress, and 1952 Miss New Jersey.
Hansen was presented with a solid silver and gold replica of the crown on the Statue of Liberty.
Hedda Hopper reported in March 1954 that Hansen should have been awarded the Miss Universe title.
The winner, Christiane Martel of France, was exposed as having been only seventeen when she won.
Adorned by cupids and thousands of white orchids and chrysanthemums, the float captured the sweepstakes prize.
The agreement stipulated that her salary would start at $200 weekly, with options to $900 a week.
As a minor she was required to purchase a $25 U.S. savings bond on a weekly basis.
She worked as a dental receptionist in Memphis, Tennessee and was employed as a waitress and a clerk in various cities.
This was longer than her total time on screen in the fifteen movies she had made.
Trained as a dancer, Loy devoted herself fully to an acting career following a few minor roles in silent films.
During World War II, Loy served as assistant to the director of military and naval welfare for the Red Cross.
She continued to actively pursue stage and television appearances in addition to films in subsequent decades.
Loy's paternal grandparents were natives of Wales, and her maternal grandparents were Swedish and Scottish.
Her first name was derived from a whistle stop near Broken Bow, Nebraska, whose name her father liked.
Loy left school at the age of 18 to help with the family's finances.
Director W. S. Van Dyke chose Loy after he detected a wit and sense of humor that her previous films had not revealed.
She was so fiercely outspoken against Adolf Hitler that her name appeared on his blacklist.
Throughout her career, she championed the rights of black actors and characters to be depicted with dignity on film.
In 1965, Loy won the Sarah Siddons Award for her work in Chicago theatre.
Loy played Mrs. Devane, a heavy-drinking woman, imbibing Jim Beam and Olympia Beer mixed together.
In 1948, she became a member of the U.S. National Commission for UNESCO, the first Hollywood celebrity to do so.
The following year, she received a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Kennedy Center in 1988.
She was cremated in New York and her ashes interred at Forestvale Cemetery in her native Helena, Montana.
A building at Sony Pictures Studios, formerly MGM Studios, in Culver City is named in her honor.
In 1991, the Myrna Loy Center for the Performing and Media Arts opened in downtown Helena, not far from Loy's hometown.
After her last marriage ended, she moved to 23 East 74th Street in Manhattan's Upper East Side.
She starred in at least 78 silent era motion pictures from 1913 to 1917, of which 66 were one and two-reel shorts.
She was born in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of Manuel George Gonzalez and Lillian L. Cook .
Her father was a retail grocer, her mother a former opera and popular singer.
From early childhood, Myrtle displayed remarkable dramatic talent, and she had a good soprano voice.
Because she grew up in Los Angeles, the shift of movie production to her hometown was a big advantage for her.
Watt was placed on the retirement list so he could return her to Southern California.
She was born in Chicago, Illinois and educated at a private finishing school there.
Her tutor was Marchesi, who was known as one of the finest instructors of voice culture in his country.
Myrtle did not enter the field of opera because of her preference for light opera.
She performed for a year at the Whitney Theater in Chicago and was a prima donna of the Chicago Grand Opera Company.
In 1936, she was signed by Warner Brothers to play bit and extra roles.
Myrtle Stedman died of a heart attack in Hollywood, California in 1938 at the age of 54.
As a young girl, Amick was encouraged by her parents to follow her creative instincts.
She learned to play the piano, bass, violin and guitar and took lessons in tap, ballet, jazz and modern dance.
In 1987, at the age of 16, she moved to Los Angeles to pursue a career in acting.
 Mónica Dionne Mónica Xochitl Dionne Lazo is an American actress born in Waterbury, Connecticut on February 7, 1967.
 Nadege August Nadege August is an American NAACP Theatre Award nominated actress of Haitian descent.
August was born in Brooklyn, New York, but was raised in Haiti from the ages of four to fourteen.
A lifetime member of the famed Actors Studio, August is also an accomplished stage actress.
She grew up the youngest of four children in Greenwich Village, New York City, and is of Irish and Palestinian ancestry.
Dajani is a founding member of Malaparte Theatre Company, whose artistic director was Ethan Hawke.
In 1993 she appeared alongside Calista Flockhart, Ethan Hawke, Steve Zahn in an off-Broadway play, Sophistry.
Her best friend is Beastie Boys' Adam Horovitz, the two met at P.S.
Velaquez was one of the judges in the Miss Universe 2008 beauty pageant and the host for the Miss USA 2009 pageant.
Her character was killed off after a few minutes of screen time and was replaced by Minka Kelly.
She plays Emma Rios, a DA, who is a romantic interest of Raymond Cruz's Julio Sanchez.
 Nadine van der Velde Nadine van der Velde is a Canadian American actress, producer and writer.
She is a 3 time Emmy award winner, two-time Annie Award winner and a recipient of a Humanitas Award.
Van der Velde has written and music produced over 60 songs on The Fresh Beat Band.
It shares land borders with Zambia and Angola to the north, Botswana to the east and South Africa to the south and east.
Although it does not border Zimbabwe, less than 200 metres of the Zambezi River separates them at their closest points.
It gained independence from South Africa on 21 March 1990, following the Namibian War of Independence.
Uprisings and demands by African leaders led the UN to assume direct responsibility over the territory.
It recognised the South West Africa People's Organisation as the official representative of the Namibian people in 1973.
Namibia, however, remained under South African administration during this time as South-West Africa.
Given the presence of the arid Namib Desert, it is one of the least densely populated countries in the world.
The name of the country is derived from the Namib Desert, considered to be the oldest desert in the world.
In the late 19th century Dorsland trekkers crossed the area on their way from the Transvaal to Angola.
In the Herero and Namaqua genocide, 10,000 Nama and approximately 65,000 Hereros were systematically murdered.
Indeed, some historians have speculated that the German genocide in Namibia was a model used by Nazis in the Holocaust.
The memory of genocide remains relevant to ethnic identity in independent Namibia and to relations with Germany.
In 1978 the UN Security Council passed UN Resolution 435 which planned a transition toward independence for Namibia.
After a new round of negotiations, a second date was set and the elections process began in earnest.
Walvis Bay was ceded to Namibia in 1994 upon the end of Apartheid in South Africa.
Multiparty democracy was introduced and has been maintained, with local, regional and national elections held regularly.
The transition from the 15-year rule of President Sam Nujoma to his successor Hifikepunye Pohamba in 2005 went smoothly.
The civil war in Angola had some impact on Namibians living in the north of the country.
In August 1999, a secessionist attempt in the northeastern Zambezi Region was successfully quashed.
Although the area is rocky with poorly developed soils, it is significantly more productive than the Namib Desert.
The Bushveld is found in north eastern Namibia along the Angolan border and in the Caprivi Strip.
The area is generally flat and the soils sandy, limiting their ability to retain water.
The reason behind this high productivity and endemism may be the relatively stable nature of precipitation.
Its sand dunes, created by the strong onshore winds, are the highest in the world.
It is situated at the southern edge of the tropics; the Tropic of Capricorn cuts the country about in half.
The bad rainy season with rainfall far below the annual average occurred in summer 2006 AIDS status.
The data came from Bloomberg's own financial-market statistics, IMF forecasts and the World Bank.
However, facilitation payments are occasionally demanded by customs due to cumbersome and costly customs procedures.
The cost of living in Namibia is relatively high because most of the goods including cereals need to be imported.
Its capital city, Windhoek is currently ranked as the 150th most expensive place in the world for expatriates to live.
Despite the remote nature of much of the country, Namibia has seaports, airports, highways, and railways .
About half of the population depends on agriculture for its livelihood, but Namibia must still import some of its food.
The inequality figures thus take into account people who do not actually rely on the formal economy for their survival.
Although arable land accounts for only 1% of Namibia, nearly half of the population is employed in agriculture.
About 4,000, mostly white, commercial farmers own almost half of Namibia's arable land.
One of the fastest growing areas of economic development in Namibia is the growth of wildlife conservancies.
Providing 25% of Namibia's revenue, mining is the single most important contributor to the economy.
There are offshore gas deposits in the Atlantic Ocean that are planned to be extracted in the future.
The UN evaluated in 2011 that Namibia has improved its water access network significantly since independence in 1990.
As a result, many Namibians prefer the traditional wells over the available water points far away.
Over 50% of child deaths are related to lack of water, sanitation, or hygiene; 23% are due to diarrhea alone.
Apart from residences for upper and middle class households, sanitation is insufficient in most residential areas.
Nearly all Portuguese settlers came to the country from the former Portuguese colony of Angola.
The 1960 census reported 526,004 persons in what was then South-West Africa, including 73,464 whites .
These areas do not overlap with constituency boundaries to get reliable data for election purposes as well.
Between 2001 and 2011 the annual population growth was 1.4%, down from 2.6% in the previous ten–year period.
The Christian community makes up 80%–90% of the population of Namibia, with at least 50% of these Lutheran.
Since 1991 English is the only official language, though only about 3% of the population speaks it as a home language.
As the HIV/AIDS epidemic has reduced the working-aged population, the number of orphans has increased.
It falls to the government to provide education, food, shelter and clothing for these orphans.
The risk of death from malaria is also raised by approximately 50% with a concurrent HIV infection.
Gujral was born in Dharamshala, Himachal Pradesh, to a Sikh Indian father and a Tibetan/Portuguese mother.
A Sikh by faith, she graduated in 1998 from the University of West Florida.
She was treated with aggressive chemotherapy including intrathecal chemotherapy at City of Hope for six months.
She was born Eschal Loleet Grey Miller on July 25, 1918 in Houston, Texas.
She was persuaded by a friend to take a screen test and ended up in pictures.
In the 1960s, Grey invented and marketed a cosmetic mirror especially suited to nearsighted women.
The Laines' forty-three year union lasted until her death from heart failure on July 25, 1993, her 75th birthday. 
 Nan Martin Nan Martin was an American actress who starred in movies and on television.
Born in Decatur, Illinois and raised in Santa Monica, California, she went to the Santa Monica High School.
When inquiring about what happened, Valerie said that she and Josephine were in the express check-out .
Her second husband, Harry Gesner, is the father of her younger son, actor Zen Gesner.

 Nan Wynn Nan Wynn, born Marsha Vatz was an American big-band singer, and Broadway and film actress.
Wynn's father owned a department store in Wheeling, and traveled often to New York.
Her first husband, from 1944 to 1947 was producer, writer, and director Cy Howard .
In 1949 she married Dr. Thomas Baylek, with whom she had a daughter, Jane.

She appeared in stock companies in Los Angeles and San Francisco and spent several seasons on tour.

Born in New York City, she studied under the tutelage of Sanford Meisner at the Neighborhood Playhouse.
It was there that she remained until electing to leave the series in late 1987 in order to pursue new projects.
Twice married but childless, Addison volunteered a great deal of her time working with children with HIV/AIDS.
She was born in New York City, the youngest of three children of Eugene and Florence Allen.
Allen was very shy as a child, so her mother enrolled her in dance classes at age 4.
She and Brian De Palma were married on January 12, 1979, and for the next couple of years Allen appeared in his films.
The film, which was the Hollywood debut of Dutch director Paul Verhoeven, did extremely well at the box office.
Therefore, you don't have to prove yourself to anyone and basically deny your womanhood.
As an environmentalist, Allen traded her Volvo automobile for a hybrid vehicle to set an example.
On July 29, 1989, Andrews died of a heart attack at the age of 68 at the St. John's Hospital in Queens. 


Of Irish parentage, she and her sister once performed a dancing act in a local contest of amateur talent.
On August 6, 1965, she was found dead after failing to arrive at the theater for a performance.
 Nancy Cartwright Nancy Jean Cartwright is an American voice actress, film and television actress, and comedienne.
Matt Groening, the series' creator, allowed her to audition for Bart and offered her the role on the spot.
Cartwright was born in Dayton, Ohio, on October 25, 1957, the fourth of Frank and Miriam Cartwright's six children.
She grew up in Kettering, Ohio, and discovered her talent for voices at an early age.
Cartwright attended Fairmont West High School, and participated in the school's theater and marching band.
In 1976, Cartwright landed a part-time job doing voice-overs for commercials on WING radio in Dayton.
Cartwright called him, and left a message in a Cockney accent on his answering machine.
He mailed her a script and instructed her to send him a tape recording of herself reading it.
For the next year they continued in this way, completing a new script every few weeks.
Cartwright replied by sending Maslin a letter insisting she was not cross-eyed, and included a photograph.
Cartwright decided to take a chance on being different and continued walking, leaving the building and returning home.
In search of more training as an actress, Cartwright joined a class taught by Hollywood coach Milton Katselas.
She visited Italy with the intention of meeting Fellini and requesting his permission in person.
In a 1998 interview, she stated her intention to make it into a feature film.
Cartwright originally intended to audition for the role of Lisa Simpson, the eldest daughter.
Creator Matt Groening let her try out for Bart, and gave her the job on the spot.
Cartwright felt it appropriate for Bart, and improvised the line; it became a popular catchphrase on the show.
The character was to be voiced by Dana Hill, but Hill missed the recording session and Cartwright was given the role.
A compromise was reached after a month, and Cartwright's pay rose to $250,000 per episode.
Salaries were re-negotiated in 2008 with the voice actors receiving approximately $400,000 per episode.
Cartwright has performed it at a variety of venues, including the August 2004 Edinburgh Festival Fringe in Scotland.
Cartwright has shown an interest in stock car racing and as of 2007 was seeking a NASCAR license.
Cartwright met writer Warren Murphy on her birthday in 1988 and married him two months later.
Cartwright began reading the works of L. Ron Hubbard and found solace in a chapter about shedding the pain of loss.
He was a fellow member of Scientology, reaching the Operating Thetan level of OT V in Scientology, in 1989.
She attended the University of Washington where she was a member of the Alpha Lambda chapter of Kappa Alpha Theta.

She appeared in the August 1978 edition and went on to feature on the cover of 10 more issues of the magazine.
Donahue signed up with the upstart modeling agency, Elite, and moved to New York City at the age of eighteen.
Donahue was the face for Helena Rubenstein's beauty campaign in the UK and Virginia Slims in the USA.
Donahue often did the Paris collections for American Vogue along with Gia Carangi, Joan Severance and Kelly Le Brock.
Donahue also did countless catalogs for Lord and Taylor, Neiman Marcus and Bloomingdale's.
The two operated a firm, Star Capital, within Elite's offices and managed many of the model's financial portfolios.
She graduated from Lasell College in 1978 and Newbury College with a chef's degree at the top of her class in 1998.
In almost all of her events, she placed in top 10 of her age group.
Donahue resides in her hometown of Lowell, Massachusetts, with her third husband, local businessman, Steven Joncas.
 Nancy Dow Nancy Dow is an American actress who appeared in a brief group of films.
She was married to Greek American actor John Aniston with whom she had a daughter, actress Jennifer Aniston .
Nancy Dow was born in New York City, one of six daughters of Louise and Gordon McLean Dow.
They had a son, , an Assistant Director and Second Unit Director in Hollywood, California.
In 2005, after Aniston's divorce from Brad Pitt, she and her mother reportedly reconciled.
It's crazy what, you know, your life kind of being turned upside down will lead you to.
It was the time and it was going to happen when it was supposed to happen.
She lives in California with her husband, actor and director Val Mayer, and has no children. 

Musically oriented, Gates was featured as a singer in a 1942 concert by the North Texas Teachers College stage band.
Although she did not get the role, which went to Anne Baxter, the test paved the way for her future entry into film.
Nancy Giles was born in New York City, the daughter of Dorothy Aileen and Thomas Jefferson Giles.
She died in East Hampton, New York on August 16, 1999, aged 73. 
Of Irish descent, Kelly was born in Lowell, Massachusetts, into a theatrical family.
Her mother was silent film actress Nan Kelly, who coached her and managed her career.
As a child actress, Kelly appeared in 52 films made on the East Coast by the age of 17.
Kelly died at her Bel Air, California, home January 2, 1995, from complications of diabetes.
Mehta is also the chief conductor of the Maggio Musicale festival in Florence, Italy.
The family moved from Mifflintown, Pennsylvania, to Dade County, Florida, sometime before 1935.
In 1944 Kulp left the University of Miami to volunteer for service in the US Naval Reserve during World War II.
Kulp received several decorations, including the American Campaign Medal, She left the service in 1946.
She played Emma, the wife of an inebriated man who had stayed out too late.
As an opponent of Republican incumbent, Bud Shuster, in a Republican district, Kulp was the underdog.
It's none of his business and he should have stayed out of it.'
She said she and Ebsen 'didn't get along because I found him difficult to work with.
Garnering 59,449 votes, or just 33.6% to Shuster's 117,203 votes and 66.4%, she lost.
She subsequently retired; first to a farm in Connecticut and later to Palm Desert, California.
By 1991 the cancer had spread, and Kulp died on February 3 at a friend's home in Palm Desert, California.
Kulp married Charles Malcolm Dacus on April 1, 1951, in Dade County, Florida; they divorced in 1961.
Later in life, Kulp indicated to author Boze Hadleigh in a 1989 interview, that she was a lesbian.
Here's how I would ask it: 'Do you think that opposites attract?'
My own reply would be that I'm the other sortI find that birds of a feather flock together.
Widely praised for her beauty, Kwan was considered a sex symbol in the 1960s.
The son of a Chinese lawyer, Kwan Wing Hong attended Cambridge University and became an eminent architect in Hong Kong.
After he met Marquita Scott in London, the two married and moved to Hong Kong.
Her brother studied to become an architect, and she studied to become a dancer.
Her four years of studying at the school earned her the General Certificate of Secondary Education.
She studied performing arts subjects such as stage make-up and danced every day for four hours.
Upon graduating from her scholastic studies, she sojourned in France, Italy, and Switzerland on a luxury trip.
Afterwards, she traveled back to Hong Kong, where she started a ballet school.
Kwan submitted the application and was discovered by Stark in a film studio constructed by her architect father.
Stark wanted an Asian actress because slanting the eyes of a white actress would merely look artificial.
For each screen test, Kwan, accompanied by her younger sister, was chauffeured to the studio by her father's driver.
Kwan did not receive the lead role because Stark believed she was too inexperienced at the time.
Nuyen won the title role in the upcoming movie because of her powerful portrayal of Suzie Wong during the tour.
After Kwan accepted the role, the Broadway play producer sued her for leaving with little notice.
The film's director, Jean Negulesco, was fired and replaced by Richard Quine.
On February 15, 1960, she began filming the movie in London with co-star William Holden.
Director Richard Quine was displeased with Kwan's underclothes: She wore a full-slip rather than a half-slip and bra.
Finding the attire too modest and unrealistic, he asked Stark to talk to Kwan.
Owing to Kwan's perceptible Eurasian appearance, the film's make-up artists endeavored to make her look more Chinese.
In movies where Kwan plays Asian roles, the makeup artists slant her brown eyes.
While she was purchasing fabric in a store on Nathan Road, Kwan found people staring at her from the window.
Wondering what they were staring at, it suddenly struck her that she was the point of attraction.
Kwan did not sing the songs in the musical film; the vocals for Linda Low were performed by B. J. Baker.
As a Hollywood icon, Kwan lived in a house atop Laurel Canyon in Los Angeles.
In an interview that year she said she did not intend to get married until she was older, perhaps 24 or 25.
In 1961 King's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry declined to employ Kwan as a teacher for the soldiers.
Captain Anthony Hare announced to the public that the infantry needed a teacher—an attractive one.
She played an Italian circus performer who was the love interest of Boone's character.
After several weeks, the two married and resided in Innsbruck, Tyrol, Austria.
Her contract with film production company Seven Arts led her to travel around the world to film movies.
She found the separation from her son, Bernie, who was not yet a year old, difficult.
Because of her role, she went to the optician to get contact lenses so should would look blue-eyed.
In Kwan's role in the film, she fought the character played by Sharon Tate by throwing a flying kick.
Her martial arts move was based not on karate training but on her dance foundation.
In the 1970s both Kwan and Lee returned to Hong Kong, where they carried on their companionship.
Nancy Kwan married David Giler in July 1970 in a civil ceremony in Carson City, Nevada.
That year, Kwan returned to Hong Kong with her son because her father was sick.
She initially intended to remain for one year to assist him but ultimately remained for about seven years.
In 1979 the two returned to the United States because Kwan wanted him to finish his schooling there.
They fell 900 feet before being restrained by wire rope 200 feet over the Arkansas River.
In 1993, Kwan was asked about whether she was confronted with racism as a leading Asian Hollywood actress in the 1960s.
She attributed this to both her age and the movie enterprise's aversion to selecting Asians for non-Asian roles.
It debuted in the Bay Front Theater in Fort Mason, San Francisco, and moved to Los Angeles two weeks later.
In 1994, she lived with her second husband, film distributor David Giler, and her son, Bernie, in a Beverly Hills house.
Retirees, she professed, frequently find themselves with nothing to do because they have not readied themselves for it.
They performed the play at Los Angeles' East West Players and San Francisco's Herbst Theatre.
In the film's final scene, Kwan dances, an activity she has enjoyed since her youth.
Clapp became acquainted with Kwan through director Brian Jamieson, who was filming a documentary about Kwan's life.
In her performing arts career, Kwan appeared in two television series and over 50 films.
In most of her film appearances, she is credited under her stage name Nancy Loomis.
She attended high school in Riverside, California, and studied theatre at Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois.
In addition to acting, she served as this film's wardrobe mistress, but she used a different name for the film credits .
Kyes was married to producer, screenwriter and director Tommy Lee Wallace, with whom she has two children.
 Nancy Lenehan Nancy Lenehan is an American actress who has appeared in film and television since the 1980s.
In 1976, she became the first female vice-president of television at 20th Century Fox.
Malone was a painter and a poet, and she enjoyed playing football and baseball.
She died of pneumonia while battling leukemia on May 8, 2014, aged 79. 
Marchand was born in Buffalo, New York, to Raymond L. Marchand, a physician, and his wife, Marjorie Freeman, a pianist.
Her husband of 48 years, actor Paul Sparer , had died the previous year, also from cancer.
The couple had three children: Katie, an actress, David , a lawyer, and Rachel Sparer Bersier, an opera singer.
This is her most famous role and she portrayed the character throughout the series until the show was canceled in 1988.
She married Marc Andrus on June 8, 2003, and they have two daughters, Aurora and Harlow.
O'Meara was born and raised in Boston, Massachusetts with a strong technical background, trained in all forms of dance.
She became the third wife of lyricist Alan Jay Lerner in 1950 and had two daughters, Liza and Jennifer.

After her parents separated, she grew up in Maryland, living with an aunt and uncle for some years.
In 1952, she married Ronald Reagan who was then president of the Screen Actors Guild.
Nancy Reagan became First Lady of the United States in January 1981 following her husband's election.
She had a strong influence on her husband and played a role in a few of his personnel and diplomatic decisions.
The Reagans retired to their home in Bel Air, Los Angeles, California in 1989.
Anne Frances Robbins was born on July 6, 1921, at Sloane Hospital for Women in New York City.
She was the only child of car salesman Kenneth Seymour Robbins and his actress wife, Edith Luckett .
He formally adopted her in 1935, and she would always refer to him as her father.
At the time of the adoption, her name was legally changed to Nancy Davis.
Jane Powell, Debbie Reynolds, Leslie Caron, and Janet Leigh were among those that she competed with for roles at MGM.
During her career, Davis served on the board of directors of the Screen Actors Guild for nearly ten years.
She declined in order to care for her husband, and Debbie Reynolds played the part.
On November 15, 1949, she met Ronald Reagan, who was then president of the Screen Actors Guild.
Reagan informed her that she had been confused with another actress of the same name.
The couple's first child, Patricia Ann Reagan , was born on October 21, 1952, seven months after their marriage.
Their son, Ronald Prescott Reagan, was born six years later on May 20, 1958.
Nancy's relationship with her children was not always as close as that with her husband.
The nearly 20 years of family feuding left her very much estranged from both her mother and father.
Though the Reagans leased the new house at their expense, the move was viewed as snobbish.
Nancy defended her actions as being for the good of her family, a judgment with which her husband readily agreed.
It was sold in 1982, and California governors have been living in improvised arrangements ever since.
Her glamour, style, and youthfulness made her a frequent subject for press photographers.
As first lady, Reagan visited veterans, the elderly, and the handicapped, and worked with a number of charities.
She became involved with the Foster Grandparents Program, helping to popularize it in the United States and Australia.
The Reagans held dinners for former POWs and Vietnam War veterans while governor and first lady.
Nancy took on a more traditional role in the campaign, holding coffees, luncheons, and talks with senior citizens.
With that, she oversaw personnel, monitored her husband's schedule, and occasionally provided press conferences.
They both spoke out over the course of the campaign on similar issues, but with different approaches.
Nancy was particularly upset by the warmonger image that the Ford campaign had drawn of her husband.
During this second campaign, Nancy played a very prominent role and her management of staff became more apparent.
Nancy Reagan became the First Lady of the United States when Ronald Reagan was inaugurated as president in January 1981.
Nancy and Ronald brought in a new era of designer fashions and the mansion was redecorated.
While her husband was still president-elect, press reports speculated about Nancy's social life and interest in fashion.
In many press accounts, Nancy's sense of style was favorably compared to that of previous First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy.
She employed two private hairdressers who would style her hair on a regular basis in the White House.
She hosted 56 state dinners over eight years, compared to six by George and Laura Bush.
Her campaign focused on drug education and informing the youth of the danger of drug abuse.
She also appeared on television talk shows, recorded public service announcements, and wrote guest articles.
Although the bill was criticized by some, Nancy Reagan considered it a personal victory.
On March 30 of that year, President Reagan and three others were shot as they left the Washington Hilton Hotel.
Nancy was alerted and arrived at George Washington University Hospital, where the President was hospitalized.
When Reagan was released from the hospital on April 12, she escorted him back to the White House.
She thought he should resign, and expressed this to her husband although he did not share her view.
Regan became so angry with Nancy that he hung up on her during a 1987 telephone conversation.
Both Ronald Reagan and Mikhail Gorbachev had developed a productive relationship through their summit negotiations.
The two women usually had tea, and discussed differences between the USSR and the United States.
Press framing of Nancy changed from that of just helpmate and protector to someone with hidden power.
At the end of her time as First Lady, however, she said that her husband had not been well-served by his staff.
She chose to undergo a mastectomy rather than a lumpectomy and the breast was removed on October 17, 1987.
After the surgery, more women across the country had mammograms, an example of the influence the First Lady possessed.
After leaving Washington, Nancy made numerous public appearances, many on behalf of her husband.
She continues to reside at the Bel Air home, where she lived with her husband until he died on June 5, 2004.
She continued to travel around the United States, speaking out against drug and alcohol abuse.
A wide range of sources commented that Kelley's largely unsupported claims are most likely false.
She paid very close attention to the details, something she had always done in her husband's life.
Although she failed to change the president's position, she did support his campaign for a second term.
In 2007, she attended the national funeral service for Gerald Ford in the Washington National Cathedral.
She formally endorsed Senator John McCain, then the presumptive Republican party nominee, for president on March 25.
Doctors reported that she did not break her hip as feared and she was released from the hospital two days later.
In October 2008, Reagan was admitted to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center after falling at home.
As a result of her mishap, medical articles were published containing information on how to prevent falls.
In March 2009 she praised President Barack Obama for reversing the ban on federally-funded embryonic stem cell research.
She traveled to Washington, D.C. in June 2009 to unveil a statue of her late husband in the Capitol rotunda.
Given our political differences, people are sometimes surprised how close Ronnie and I have been to the Kennedy family.
She attended the funeral of Betty Ford in Rancho Mirage, California, on July 12, 2011.
Reagan hosted a 2012 Republican presidential debate at the Reagan Presidential Library on September 7, 2011.
Without a hit in the US by 1965, she was on the verge of being dropped.
The first is the lushly orchestrated track featured during the opening and closing credits of the film.
By 1975 she was releasing singles on Private Stock, which are the most sought-after by collectors.
By the mid-1970s, she slowed her musical activity and ceased acting to concentrate on being a wife and mother.
On the talk show circuit, she said her father was proud of the photos.
Those close to the Sinatras claimed that family members were upset with the nude photo spread.
She and Billy Strange worked on the arrangement, and it was Sinatra's idea to change from a mid-tempo romp to a ballad.
The record was Sinatra's first to make the UK album charts in 30 years.
In 2002, a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs, California, Walk of Stars was dedicated to her.
Born as Nancy Worrell Franklin, she grew up in Baltimore as one of eight siblings.
Travis was born in New York City, the daughter of Theresa, a social worker, and Gordon Travis, a sales executive.
She starred in the show for its final two seasons, replacing the series' original female lead, Terry Farrell.
They have two sons: Benjamin, born in 1998, and Jeremy, born in 2001.
Nancy Valen was born in Brooklyn, New York and raised in Hallandale, Florida.
After one year of college, Valen went to New York to pursue a theatrical career.
 Nancy Walker Nancy Walker was an American actress and comedienne of stage, screen, and television.
Dozens of television guest appearances and recurring roles followed, providing her with steady work.
Walker thereafter became an annual guest star on the show for the next three years.
Ironically, even though Valerie Harper and Nancy Walker achieved great popularity playing Jewish characters.
The film was a box office failure, and Walker's sole feature film directorial credit.
Walker died from lung cancer in Studio City, California on March 25, 1992, aged 69.
She had a daughter, Miranda, with her second husband, musical theater teacher David Craig.
Miranda Craig was an advertising copywriter who died at 47 from undisclosed causes in 2000.
Clift nicknamed friends he felt particular affection for, and he called Walker 'Nanny'.


Born Hélène Olivine Veilleux, Bordeaux made over 15 film appearances between 1942 and 1957.
By 1938, Bordeaux did a screen test at the Hal Roach Studios, and was chosen over 50 other actresses.
She made appearances in several small movies in the 1940s, under the name Francine Bordeaux.
Bordeaux's career was cut short when she died of acute bronchopneumonia on September 20, 1956 at age 45.
At a young age, she studied tap dancing with, among others, Bill “Bojangles” Robinson.
She spent much of her childhood appearing in vaudeville productions as a dancer and singer.
Fabray's parents divorced when she was nine, but continued living together for financial reasons.
In her early teenage years, Fabray attended the Max Reinhardt School of the Theatre on a scholarship.
She entered Los Angeles Junior College in the fall of 1939, but withdrew a few months later.
She had always had difficulty in school due to an undiagnosed hearing impairment, which made learning difficult.
After this embarrassing faux pas, the actress changed the spelling of her name from Fabares to Fabray.
She decided that she preferred musical theatre over opera and withdrew from the school after five months.
She is a resident of Pacific Palisades, California; and is the aunt of singer/actress Shelley Fabares.
In 2001, she wrote to advice columnist Dear Abby, to decry the loud background music played on television programs.
Kahoilua was born and raised in Hilo, Hawaii, graduating from Hilo High School.
They moved to Spokane, Washington in 1975 where they still resided in March, 2010.
Wilson is a piano instructor who teaches children prior to entering college and prepares them for board tryouts.

Fakhri was born in Queens, New York, the daughter of Marie and Mohammed Fakhri.
She spent her childhood years in South America until her family moved to New York.
She started her acting career at the age of 14 after a local talent agency discovered her at a fashion show.
At the age of 15, Cigliuti landed her first series, playing the role of Lindsay Warner on '.
Cigliuti married Rob Rizzo in 2004 but in 2013 it was revealed that they had gotten a divorce.
Her best-known appearances have been on ' and ' as Vice Admiral/Fleet Admiral Alynna Nechayev.

Darryl had waist-length black hair at the beginning of shooting, which was shaved to the scalp for the scene.

In 2005, Natalie and her identical twin sister, Nicole Garza, became the Doublemint Twins. 
She has also appeared as Annie at Cranium Command, an attraction at Epcot, a Walt Disney World Resort theme park.
Joyce began her motion picture career in a series of two-reel comedies produced by the Christie Film Company.
Produced by James Cruze, the cast included Joseph Schildkraut, Myrna Loy, and Olive Tell.
Kingston was born as Natalia Ringstrom in Sonoma County, California, and raised in San Francisco.
Her mother was Natalia Haraszthy, granddaughter of Agoston Haraszthy, founder of California's wine industry.
As a child, she learned to dance the jota and other traditional Spanish dances.
Two seasons later, Kingston performed as a danseuse with the New York City Winter Garden show.
Starting her career as an actress on Broadway, she moved into films in the early 1920s.
Kingston left the Sennett studio and comedies in 1926 to try for dramatic movie roles.
 Natalie Lander Natalie Jenette Lander is an American actress, voice actress, and singer.
Martinez was born in Miami, Florida on July 12, 1984 and is of Cuban ancestry.
 Natalie Moorhead Natalie Moorhead was an American film and stage actress of the 1920s and 1930s.
She was at one time married to director Alan Crosland and was known for distinctive platinum blond hair.
She attended St. Agatha Catholic School while growing up, and then went to Southwest Miami Senior High School.
She participated in the University of Miami's Dow Jones Minority High School Journalism Workshop.
The series was an official selection of the 3rd annual ITVFest in Los Angeles in August 2008.
 Natalie Portman Natalie Portman is an actress, producer and director with dual American and Israeli citizenship.
In May 2008, Portman served as the youngest member of the 61st Annual Cannes Film Festival jury.
Natalie's paternal grandparents, Mania and Zvi Yehuda Hershlag, were Jewish immigrants to Israel.
Portman's parents met at a Jewish student center at Ohio State University, where her mother was selling tickets.
They corresponded after her father returned to Israel and were married when her mother visited a few years later.
While living in the Washington, D.C. area, Portman attended Charles E. Smith Jewish Day School in Rockville, Maryland.
Portman returned to Israel and took graduate courses at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in the spring of 2004.
As a student, Portman co-authored two research papers that were published in scientific journals.
As a consequence of both her academic and acting careers, Portman has an Erdős–Bacon number of 7.
At the age of 10, a Revlon agent asked her to become a child model, but she turned down the offer to focus on acting.
I knew what I liked and what I wanted, and I worked very hard.
Portman and future pop star Britney Spears were chosen as the understudies for star Laura Bell Bundy.
Forman had not seen any of her work but thought she looked like a Goya painting, so he requested a meeting.
In 2011, she won both the Golden Globe Award and the Academy Award for Best Actress.
In 2010, Portman signed on with Dior and appeared in several of the company's advertising campaigns.
In the 2008 presidential election, Portman supported Senator Hillary Clinton of New York in the Democratic primaries.
She later campaigned for the eventual Democratic nominee, Senator Barack Obama of Illinois, during the general election.
Later that year in May, she spoke at the annual Harvard Class Day to the graduating class of 2015.
On August 4, 2012, Portman and Millepied married in an intimate Jewish ceremony in Big Sur, California.
In January 2014, Millepied said he was in the process of converting to Judaism. 
Schafer was born in Manhattan, NY the eldest child of Jennie Elizabeth and Charles Emanual Schafer.
She began her career as an actress on Broadway before moving to Los Angeles in 1941 to work in films.
Schafer appeared on Broadway in seventeen plays between 1927 and 1959, often playing supporting roles.
Schafer was married to actor Louis Calhern from 1934 to 1942; they had no children.
During much of the 1940s and 1950s she was romantically linked to author and playwright George S. Kaufman.
She was also a breast cancer survivor, a fact she withheld from her fans and friends.
Schafer died of cancer in her Beverly Hills home, at the age of 90.
She was cremated; her ashes were scattered into the Pacific Ocean, off San Pedro's Point Fermin Light, in California.
Upon her death, she left over $1.5 million to the Lillian Booth Actors Home and in 1993, a wing was named in her honor. 
Talmadge spent prodigious amounts on clothes and the Keatons lived in ever more elaborate Beverly Hills homes.
Keaton was accepting of this, and the Talmadges agreed that he should keep any affairs discreet.
The name change was especially awkward for James, who was ten years old and already accustomed to his last name.
She never remarried, and in her solitary existence also developed a drinking problem in addition to chain smoking.
Natalie Talmadge was in frail health during her final years and was a resident of the Santa Monica Convalescent Home.
She is buried in the Abbey of the Psalms in the Talmadge Room at Hollywood Forever Cemetery. 
Natalie's career began in the early 1980s when she starred in several plays in Chicago area theaters.
She was a regular cast member for seasons three and four and a recurring guest star before and afterward.
Soon after she took a break from film and television to focus on her stage career.
She made a film comeback in 2004 when she starred in the independent film Life Sentence.
After this, she took a break from acting and had two children, appearing in only two theatrical films during the 1970s.
Natalie's mother originally came from Barnaul, southern Siberia, but grew up in the Chinese city of Harbin.
She described her family by weaving mysterious tales of being either gypsies or landowning aristocrats.
I'd pose and smile like he was going to make me famous or something.
Her mother soon moved the family to Los Angeles and pursued a career for her daughter.
Wood's younger sister, Svetlana Gurdin — now known as Lana Wood — also became an actress and later a Bond girl.
The director telephoned Wood's mother and asked her to bring her daughter to Los Angeles for a screen test.
Because she was a minor, Wood's formal education took place on the studio lots wherever she was contracted.
At age twelve, Wood was judged Child Star of the Year by the Children's Day National Council of New York.
Wood's career was in a transition period, having until then consisted of roles as a child or as a teenager.
He felt that despite her earlier, innocent roles, she had the talent and maturity to go beyond them.
Kazan's favorite scene in the movie was the last one, when Wood goes back to see her lost first love, Bud .
Wood held the record for exactly 50 years until 23-year-old Jennifer Lawrence received her third nomination in 2014.
Although many of Wood's films were commercially profitable, her acting was criticized at times.
In both films, which were set during the Great Depression, Wood played small-town teens with big dreams.
During the last two years of her life, Wood began to work more frequently as her daughters reached school age.
Wood's performance in the latter won her a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in 1980.
A stand-in and sound-alikes were used to replace Wood for some of her critical scenes.
The film was released posthumously on September 30, 1983, and was dedicated to her in the closing credits.
They married a year later on December 28, 1957, a marriage that met with great protest from Wood's mother.
The first time I remember really talking to her was at a fashion show in 1956.
She was beautiful, but still gave no hint about the mad crush she had on me.
I later found out she had signed with my agent simply because he was my agent.
A month later, I invited Natalie to a premiere on what turned out to be her 18th birthday.
One night on board a small boat I owned, she looked at me with love, her dark brown eyes lit by a table lantern.
The couple dated for two and a half years prior to their marriage, while Gregson waited for his divorce to be finalized.
Many facts surrounding her drowning are unknown, because no one admitted seeing how she entered the water.
The autopsy report revealed that Wood had bruises on her body and arms as well as an abrasion on her left cheek.
According to the coroner, Wood had been drinking and may have slipped while trying to re-board the dinghy.
The coroner's office has been instructed by detectives not to discuss or comment on the case.
In 2013, he explained that the uncertain circumstances of her death were the main reason for this decision.
 Natalie Zea Natalie Zea is an American actress, known for her performances on television.
Zea was born in Harris County, Texas, attending high school in Monahans, graduating in 1993.
She graduated from the American Musical and Dramatic Academy in New York City in 1995.
She also appeared in many national commercials for companies such as Dove, Snickers and Hellman's Salad Dressing.
She appeared in soap on the regular basic from November 15, 2000 to October 3, 2002.
She played the role of Lauren Riley, a love interest of Michael Chiklis' character Vic Mackey.
On December 2, 2014, Zea was cast as lead opposite Jason Jones in the untitled TBS vacation comedy pilot.
Wagner was born in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of Richard Gregson, a film producer, and actress Natalie Wood.
Natasha Gregson Wagner is the daughter of Russian American actress Natalie Wood and British producer Richard Gregson.
Her mother remarried actor Robert Wagner in 1972, and together they had a daughter, Courtney Wagner .
She went on to Emerson College and later transferred to the University of Southern California.
Gregson Wagner had a seven-year relationship with Josh Evans, son of Ali MacGraw and Robert Evans.
On May 30, 2012, Gregson Wagner and Barry Watson had a daughter, Clover Clementyne Watson. 
She has performed at such festivals as SXSW, the Sasquatch Music Festival, and the Montreal Comedy Festival.
After graduating from Rockford East High School, she moved to New York City to study at the Stella Adler Conservatory.
On September 2, 2013, Leggero participated in the Comedy Central Roast of James Franco as one of the Roasters.
Leggero voiced the busty ranger Ethel in place of Kaitlin Olson, who was in the first season only.
The premise of the show is Natasha Leggero interviewing guests while in a hot tub.
She also called on those offended by the remarks to donate to Disabled American Veterans.
 Natasha Lyonne Natasha Bianca Lyonne Braunstein , better known as Natasha Lyonne, is an American actress.
Lyonne's parents were both from Orthodox Jewish families, and she herself was raised Orthodox.
Her mother was born in Paris, France, to Hungarian Jewish parents who were Holocaust survivors.
During the war, he hid in Budapest as a non-Jew working in a leather factory.
Lyonne spent the first eight years of her life living in Great Neck, New York.
Then she and her parents moved to Israel, where Lyonne spent a year and a half.
Her parents divorced, and Lyonne and her older brother Adam returned to America with their mother.
Lyonne grew up on the Upper East Side, where she felt she was an outcast.
Her mother then moved their family to Miami, where Lyonne graduated from Miami Country Day School.
Lyonne has said she is not close with her mother and has essentially lived independently of her family since age 16.
She attended New York University for a very short time, studying film and philosophy.
Since then, Lyonne has worked steadily in the New York theatre scene, as well as in film and television.
I’m glad that I didn’t do this before I was ready, before I was capable of showing up every day.
Melnick is engaged to Jeff Tucker, the singer and guitar player from the alternative rock band Rock Kills Kid. 
She chose the Los Angeles Mission and still works closely with the organization for the local homeless to this day.
The pilot was not picked up although the single filmed episode aired on Showtime Networks.
In 2011, Natashia gave birth to her second child, Braden, and continues to work as a model and actor.
 Naureen Zaim Naureen Marie Zaim is an American model, actress, artist, and boxer.
 Nayo Wallace Nayo Kian Wallace, also credited as Nayo K. Wallace, is an American actress.
Zadegan was born in Heidelberg, Germany on June 20, 1982 and raised in San Francisco, California, USA.
She later graduated from the University of California, Santa Barbara with a degree in Literature.
Born in Montrose, Iowa, she began her career in the family tent show, and appeared in vaudeville as a toddler .
Cato never made records, but Nedra managed to appear on exactly one 78 side, with Will Osborne's orchestra in 1933.
In 1980, she appeared in several Jack in the Box TV spots as they blew up Jack.
Nedra's first husband, Lester Rhode, was a songwriter and director of Cato's Vagabonds orchestra; they later divorced.
On January 20, 2003, Volz died of complications from Alzheimer's disease in Mesa, Arizona. 
Neith has one child with songwriter Andrew Scandal and was married to author Warren Fahy in 2009. 
Franzen was born on 17 November 1889 in Oregon to John O'Flarrity Franzen and Mary Ellen Coshow .
 Nell Newman Elinor Teresa Newman is a former child actress who performed under the name of Nell Potts.
Born in New York, New York she is the eldest child of actors Joanne Woodward and Paul Newman.
She attended the College of the Atlantic in Bar Harbor, Maine, from which she graduated in 1987.
She developed a friendship with Alice Waters, the owner of the restaurant, Chez Panisse.
 Nell O'Day Nell O'Day was an accomplished equestrian and B-movie actress of the 1930s and 1940s.
From 1933 through 1940 she would star in nineteen films, with only a small number of those being western films.
She died of a heart attack on January 3, 1989, in Los Angeles, California. 
 Nell Shipman Nell Shipman was a Canadian actress, author and screenwriter, producer, director, and animal trainer.
She is best known for her work in James Oliver Curwood stories and for portraying strong, adventurous women.
When Nell was 18 years old, she met and married 39 years old theatrical impresario, Ernest Shipman .
After marrying, Ernest and Nell moved to Hollywood to start working in the film industry.
Nell directed, produced, and acted in the film that was based on a James Oliver Curwood short story.
She was one of the first directors to shoot her films almost entirely on location.
She also lost all of her beautiful thick long hair and was forced to wear a wig.
Nell also played the lead in the film which featured a controversial though very brief nude scene.
Although the movie was extremely successful and brought in a 300% profit, no further investments were forthcoming.
As well, Curwood was infuriated with Nell because she changed the scenario of his short story.
She adapted the protagonist of the film from the Great Dane, Wapi to the female lead, Delores.
She focused on the major themes she enjoyed: wild animals, nature, feminist heroes, and filming on location.
However, they managed to escape death when they were saved by two brothers, Joseph and Fred Gumaer.
Later that same year, Nell 's company went bankrupt and she broke up with Van Tuyle.
She was forced to send her animals to the San Diego Zoo because of her inability to pay the maintenance costs.
Nell finally moved to the California desert and continued writing there for the rest of her life.
The Canadian playwright Sharon Pollock was commissioned to write a one-act play about Shipman's life.
All of Nell Shipman's surviving films are available on DVD from Boise State University.

 Nella Walker Nella Walker was an American film actress and vaudeville performer of the 1920s through the 1950s.
In 1931 her film career took off, with her appearing in ten films that year, five of which were uncredited.
In 1935 her career only got better, and between that year and 1938 she had twenty three film appearances.
She finished that decade strong in 1939 with nine film roles, only three of which were uncredited.
Her music has showcased different genres, from jazz to rap and disco to funk.
McKay studied jazz voice at the Manhattan School of Music, but did not graduate.
McKay is said to be the first woman to release a double album as her first release.
Release of the album in other countries, including Canada, was delayed until 21 November 2006.
The album was produced on McKay's own label, Hungry Mouse, and released by Vanguard Records.
The album was recorded at , in the Pocono Mountains, where McKay went to high school.
The album contains twelve covers of songs made famous by Day, as well as one original tune.
It was produced by McKay and her mother, Robin Pappas, with artistic input from David Byrne.
McKay was cast as Ciara Reilly, sister of Holly Kennedy, played by Hilary Swank.
The album chronicles the life of Imelda Marcos, the widow of former Philippines President Ferdinand Marcos.
is based on the life of murderess Barbara Graham, who also inspired a 1958 film with the same name.
She also wrote a 2004 song about her feelings in favor of political candidate Ralph Nader.
McKay was one of several musicians to write a song in support of Georgia death row inmate Troy Davis. 
It is a small, densely populated country located in Western Europe with three island territories in the Caribbean.
The largest and most important cities in the Netherlands are Amsterdam, The Hague and Rotterdam.
Amsterdam is the country's capital, while The Hague holds the Dutch seat of government and parliament.
Only Bangladesh, South Korea, and Taiwan have both a larger population and a higher population density.
It had the thirteenth-highest per capita income in the world in 2013 according to the International Monetary Fund.
The Eighty Years' War divided the Low Countries into the northern United Provinces and the Southern Netherlands .
The Low Countries today is a designation that includes the countries the Netherlands, Belgium and Luxembourg.
The oldest human traces in the Netherlands were found in higher soils, near Maastricht, from 250,000 years ago.
They are strongly linked to rivers and open water and were related to the southern Scandinavian Ertebølle culture .
To the west, the same tribes might have built hunting camps to hunt winter game.
The Bell Beaker culture, also present in the Netherlands, apparently rose out of the Corded Ware culture.
Copper finds show that there was trade with other areas in Europe, as natural copper is not found in Dutch soil.
The Bronze age probably started somewhere around 2000 BC and lasted until around 800 BC.
The many finds in Drenthe of rare and valuable objects, suggest that it was a trading centre in the Bronze Age.
By the time this migration was complete, around 250 BC, a few general cultural and linguistic groups had emerged.
Also the Celtic La Tène culture had expanded over a wide range, including the southern area of the Low Countries.
Caesar describes two main tribes living in what is now the southern Netherlands: the Menapii and the Eburones.
At first part of Gallia Belgica, the area south of the Limes became part of the Roman province of Germania Inferior.
The Batavi rose against the Romans in the Batavian rebellion of 69AD, but were eventually defeated.
From their new base in West Flanders and the Southwest Netherlands, they were raiding the English Channel.
After Roman government in the area collapsed, the Franks expanded their territories in numerous kingdoms.
During this expansion, Franks migrating to the south eventually adopted the Vulgar Latin of the local population.
Between 600 and around 719 the cities were often fought over between the Frisians and the Franks.
In 734, at the Battle of the Boarn, the Frisians were defeated after a series of wars.
With the approval of the Franks, the Anglo-Saxon missionary Willibrord converted the Frisian people to Christianity.
However, his successor Boniface was murdered by the Frisians in Dokkum, in 754.
The Frankish Carolingian empire modeled itself after the Roman Empire and controlled much of Western Europe.
However, as of 843, it was divided into three parts—East, Middle, and West Francia.
It comprises territories from Frisia in the north to the Kingdom of Italy in the south.
Around 850, Lothair I acknowledged the Viking Rorik of Dorestad as ruler of most of Frisia.
Around 879, another Viking raided the Frisian lands, Godfrid, Duke of Frisia.
The Viking raids made the sway of French and German lords in the area weak.
The language and culture of most of the people who lived in the County of Holland were originally Frisian.
As Frankish settlement progressed from Flanders and Brabant, the area quickly became Old Low Franconian .
The Cod faction consisted of the more progressive cities, while the Hook faction consisted of the conservative noblemen.
These noblemen invited the Duke Philip the Good of Burgundy – who was also Count of Flanders – to conquer Holland.
The House of Valois-Burgundy and their Habsburg heirs would rule the Low Countries in the period from 1384 to 1581.
Before the Burgundian union, the Dutch identified themselves by the town they lived in or their local duchy or county.
The fleets of the County of Holland defeated the fleets of the Hanseatic League several times.
Amsterdam grew and in the 15th century became the primary trading port in Europe for grain from the Baltic region.
This trade was vital, because Holland could no longer produce enough grain to feed itself.
In 1568, the Eighty Years' War between the Provinces and their Spanish ruler began.
The English army under command of Robert Dudley, 1st Earl of Leicester was of no real benefit to the Dutch rebellion.
All these duchies, lordships and counties were autonomous and had their own government, the States-Provincial.
The Dutch East India Company and the Dutch West India Company established colonies and trading posts all over the world.
In Asia, the Dutch established the Dutch East Indies , and the only western trading post in Japan, Dejima.
Many economic historians regard the Netherlands as the first thoroughly capitalist country in the world.
In early modern Europe it had the wealthiest trading city and the first full-time stock exchange.
William Frederick raised this United Netherlands to the status of a kingdom and proclaimed himself King William I.
In addition, William became hereditary Grand Duke of Luxembourg in exchange for his German possessions.
However, the Southern Netherlands had been culturally separate from the north since 1581, and rebelled.
The Dutch were also one of the last European countries to industrialise, in the second half of the 19th century.
That changed in World War II, when Nazi Germany invaded the Netherlands on 10 May 1940.
The Rotterdam Blitz forced the main element of the Dutch army to surrender four days later.
Political collaborators were members of the fascist NSB, the only legal political party in the occupied Netherlands.
But soon after VE day, the Dutch fought a colonial war against the new republic of Indonesia.
Indonesia had declared its independence in August 1945 , and thus was never part of the reformed Kingdom.
After the war the Netherlands left behind also an era of neutrality and gained closer ties with neighboring states.
As a result, the islands of Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba were to obtain closer ties with the Netherlands.
Most of the areas below sea level are man-made, caused by peat extraction or achieved through land reclamation.
Nearly 17% of the country's land area is reclaimed from the sea and from lakes.
The Netherlands is divided into north and south parts by the Rhine, the Waal, its main tributary branch, and the Meuse.
Another significant branch of the Rhine, the IJssel river, discharges into Lake IJssel, the former Zuiderzee .
Most notable in terms of land loss was the storm of 1134, which created the archipelago of Zeeland in the south-west.
Additionally, until the 19th century peat was mined, dried, and used for fuel, further exacerbating the problem.
Centuries of extensive and poorly controlled peat extraction lowered an already low land surface by several metres.
Selling 18 million records, the two singers in the band are the most successful Dutch music artists to this day.
Artists with North African, Caribbean or Middle Eastern origins have strongly influenced this genre.
In April 2003 he was knighted in the Netherlands, receiving the Order of the Netherlands Lion.
Aruba and the five main islands of the Netherlands Antilles are part of the Lesser Antilles island chain.
Curaçao is known for a kind of music called tumba, which is named after the conga drums that accompany it.
Film director Theo van Gogh achieved international notoriety in 2004 when he was murdered in the streets of Amsterdam.
The Netherlands has a well developed television market, with both multiple commercial and non-commercial broadcasters.
Organisation of sports began at the end of the 19th century and the beginning of the 20th century.
Federations for sports were established , rules were unified and sports clubs came into existence.
Thus far, the nation has won 266 medals at the Summer Olympic Games and another 110 medals at the Winter Olympic Games.
In international competition Dutch national teams and athletes are dominant in several fields of sport.
The Netherlands women's field hockey team is the most successful team in World Cup history.
The Netherlands baseball team have won the European championship 20 times out of 32 events.
Dutch K-1 kickboxers have won the K-1 World Grand Prix 15 times out of 19 tournaments.
Assen is the only venue to have held a round of the Motorcycle World Championship every year since its creation in 1949.
The circuit was purpose built for the Dutch TT in 1954, with previous events having been held on public roads.
The coastal resort of Zandvoort was a popular stop on the Formula One racing circuit.
Breakfast and lunch are typically bread with toppings, with cereal for breakfast as an alternative.
Without many refinements, it is best described as rustic, though many holidays are still celebrated with special foods.
Over 350 years of mutual heritage has left a significant cultural mark on the Netherlands.
When the Dutch Royal Family was established in 1815, much of its wealth came from Colonial trade.
Including their second generation descendants, Indos are currently the largest foreign-born group in the Netherlands.
Rijsttafel, a colonial culinary concept, and dishes such as Nasi goreng and satay are very popular in the Netherlands. 
 Neva Gerber Neva Gerber was an American silent film actress who appeared in 128 films between 1912 and 1930.
She was born Genevieve Dolores Gerber in Argenta, Illinois to S. Nelson Gerber and Jean Pullman.
Her parents separated when she was young and her mother moved her to Los Angeles, California.
After the death of her father, Gerber's impoverished mother gave guardianship of her daughter to an attorney.
After her graduation from high school, Gerber became an actress and appeared in several one-reelers.
Gerber's first marriage was to actor Arthur Nelson Millett on July 22, 1913.
She remained married to her fourth husband, contractor William Munchoff, until his death in 1960.
On January 2, 1974, Gerber died of a cerebral thrombosis in Palm Springs, California.
She was buried in a pauper's grave in Desert Memorial Park in Cathedral City, California. 
Born on a farm near Nevada, Iowa, Patterson and her parents moved to New York City in 1938.
On December 14, 2010, Patterson died from complications from a broken hip at age 90. 
Small has appeared in concert at Carnegie Hall, the Lambs Club, and the Lincoln Square Synagogue in New York City.
The show was cancelled after seven episodes and featured the entire cast from the film, aside from John Corbett.

From 1998 to 2006, she provided the voice for Supergirl in the DC Animated Universe.

Bilderback was born in Seoul, South Korea and raised in Tulsa, Oklahoma and Dallas, Texas.
She was adopted by American parents Jim and Lois Bilderback, through the Holt International Children's Services program.
She studied dancing from a very early age and at the age of 14 enrolled at the Dallas Young Actor's Studio.
Upon graduation from Lake Highlands High School in 1993, Bilderback moved to Los Angeles to pursue a career in acting.
She worked as a hostess at Jerry's Famous Deli in Studio City to make ends meet.
DeHuff was born in Antlers, Oklahoma, and raised in Broken Bow, Oklahoma, and Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
She began her acting career by earning a bachelor's degree in drama from Carnegie Mellon University.
She would also meet and later marry executive producer and director Ari Palitz, whom she met at Carnegie Mellon.
DeHuff became ill and was allegedly misdiagnosed twice by doctors who failed to recognize that she had pneumonia.
She had been sick for several days before her death and went to two different hospitals where she was misdiagnosed.
An agent saw her and offered her a role in a Johnson's Baby Shampoo commercial.
Also in 1989, Eggert hosted the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards with Wil Wheaton.

Now living in Atlanta, Georgia, she has put her acting and modeling career on hold to pursue other interests. 
Pulliam, born and raised in Columbus, Ohio, always wanted to be an Actress 

 Nicole Sullivan Nicole Julianne Sullivan is an American actress, comedian, and voice artist.
She played soccer in high school, recorded statistics for the boys’ basketball team and was a member of student council.
After graduating from Middleburgh in 1987, she attended Northwestern University as a theatre major.
Due to a casting change, Katey Sagal was instead given the role before the series even aired.
Goulet was the daughter of singer-actor Robert Goulet and his first wife, Louise Longmore.
While performing with her father, she garnered tremendous experience working in front of large audiences.
She was married to musician/conductor Tim Fowlar; they had two children, Jordan-Gerard and Solange-Louise.
On April 17, 2008, less than six months after her father's death, Goulet died as a result of breast cancer, aged 51. 
 Nicosia Nicosia is the capital and largest city on the island of Cyprus, as well as its main business centre.
It is located near the centre of the Mesaoria plain, on the banks of the River Pedieos.
It has been continuously inhabited for over 4,500 years and has been the capital of Cyprus since the 10th century.
In 2012, the city was ranked as the 5th richest city in the world in relative purchasing power.
Remains of old Ledra today can be found in the Ayia Paraskevi hill in the south east of the city.
Under Assyrian rule of Cyprus, Onasagoras, was recorded as paying tribute to Esarhaddon of Assyria in 672 BC.
On his way to the Holy Land during the Third Crusade in 1187, Richard I of England's fleet was plagued by storms.
Two of the ships were wrecked off Cyprus, but the ship bearing Joan and Berengaria made it safely to Limassol.
Joan refused to come ashore, fearing she would be captured and held hostage by Isaac Komnenos, who hated all Franks.
Her ship sat at anchor for a full week before Richard finally arrived on 8 May.
In 1374 Nicosia was occupied and ravaged by the Genoans and in 1426 from the Mamelukes of Egypt.
The Venetian Governors saw it as a necessity for all the cities of Cyprus to be fortified due to the Ottoman threat.
The design of the bastion is more suitable for artillery and a better control for the defenders.
The walls have three gates, to the North Kyrenia Gate, to the west Paphos Gate and to the east Famagusta Gate.
The city managed to last 40 days under siege until its fall on 9 September 1570.
Some 20,000 residents died during the siege and every church, public building, and palace was looted.
The main Latin churches were converted into mosques, such as the conversion of the Saint Sophia Cathedral.
Nicosia was the seat of the Pasha, the Greek Archbishop, the Dragoman and the Qadi.
The square outside was known as Seraglio Square or Sarayonu , as it is known to the present day.
The saray was demolished in 1904 and the present block of Government Offices built on the site.
When the newly settled Turkish population arrived they generally lived in the north of the old riverbed.
Greek Cypriots remained concentrated in the south, where the Archbishopric of the Orthodox Church was built.
Adjacent was the Nicosia Police headquarters, while opposite were the General Post Office and the Telegraph Office.
The Nicosia column was presumably erected in compliment to the reigning Doge Francesco Donati about the year 1550.
In 1955 an armed struggle against the British rule began aiming to unite the island with Greece, Enosis.
The unification with Greece failed and instead the independence of Cyprus was declared in 1960.
During the period of the struggle, Nicosia was the scene of violent protests against the British rule.
In 1960 Nicosia became the capital of the Republic of Cyprus, a state established by the Greek and Turkish Cypriots.
On 15 July 1974, there was an attempted coup d'état led by the Greek military junta to unite the island with Greece.
On 15 November 1983, Turkish Cypriots proclaimed their independence as the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus.
This was followed by the opening of Ayios Dometios 1985, Strovolos, Engomi, Ay.
Each municipal council has the number of members described in the Municipal Law 111 Neapolis.
Lakatamia, Latsia, Geri and Aglandjia are other separate municipalities in the Nicosia metropolitan area.
In June 2011, Nicosia launched a failed campaign to become the European Capital of Culture for 2017.
Further, the Central Bank of Cyprus is located in the Acropolis area of the Cypriot capital.
The city is also home to local financial newspapers such as the Financial Mirror and .
The A1 connects Nicosia with Limassol in the south with the A6 going from Limassol onto Paphos.
The A2 links Nicosia with the south eastern city of Larnaca with the A3 going from Larnaca to Ayia Napa.
Public transport within the city is currently served by a new and reliable bus service.
The study compared two scenarios, with and without the operation of a tramway in terms of emitted polluting loads.
The first railway line on the island was the Cyprus Government Railway which operated from 1905 to 1951.
Nicosia is also the home for many clubs for basketball, handball and other sports.
The Gymnastic Club Pancypria , the owner of the Neo GSP Stadium, is one of the major athletics clubs of the island.
 Niger Niger , officially the Republic of Niger, is a landlocked country in Western Africa, named after the Niger River.
Much of the non-desert portions of the country are threatened by periodic drought and desertification.
Historically, what is now Niger has been on the fringes of several large states.
Since independence, Nigeriens have lived under five constitutions and three periods of military rule.
Following a military coup in 2010, Niger has become a democratic, multi-party state.
His team discovered 5,000-year-old remains of a woman and two children in the Tenere Desert.
It was also aided by the introduction of Islam to the region at the end of the 7th century.
Several empires and kingdoms also flourished during this era up to the beginning of colonization in Africa.
From the mid-15th to the late 16th century, Songhai was one of the largest Islamic empires in history.
Between the Niger River and the Lake Chad lay a fertile area and Hausa kingdoms.
The Hausa kingdoms were not a compact entity but several federations of kingdoms more or less independent of each other.
The Hausa Kingdoms began as seven states founded according to the Bayajidda legend by the six sons of Bawo.
Bawo was the unique son of the hausa queen Daurama and Bayajidda or who came from Baghdad.
The seven original hausa states were: Daoura , Kano, Rano, Zaria, Gobir, Katsena and Biram.
The Mali Empire was a Mandinka empire founded by Sundiata Keita around 1230 that existed up to 1600.
At its peak around 1350, the empire extended as far west as Senegal and Guinee Conkary and as far east as western Niger.
The Kanem-Bornu Empire was an empire that existed in modern-day Chad, Nigeria, Cameroon, Niger and Libya.
French military expeditions were met with great resistance by several ethnic groups, especially Hausa and Tuareg groups.
By 1922, all resistance to colonial rule was eliminated and Niger became a French colony.
This economic development was helped by the uranium boom as well as optimal usage of public funds.
He introduced political reforms and drafted a new constitution, with the creation of a single party.
The 1989 referendum led to the adoption a new constitution and the creation of the Second Republic of Niger.
The conference was presided by Prof. André Salifou and developed a plan for a transitional government.
The government paralysis and the political tension was used as a motivation for a second military coup.
Col. Baré created the National Salvation Council composed of military officials, which he headed.
General Ibrahim Baré Mainassara entered the campaign as an independent candidate and won the election on 8 July 1996.
Wanké withdrew himself from government affairs after the new and democratically elected president was sworn in office.
It was declared illegal by the Constitutional Court but the President dissolved the Court and assumed emergency powers.
Niger is a landlocked nation in West Africa located along the border between the Sahara and Sub-Saharan regions.
This makes it slightly less than twice the size of France, and the world's twenty-second largest country.
Niger's subtropical climate is mainly very hot and very dry, with much desert area.
In the extreme south there is a tropical climate on the edges of the Niger River basin.
The typical mammal fauna consists of Addax antelopes, Scimitar-horned oryx, gazelles and in mountains Barbary sheep.
A lack of adequate staff to guard wildlife in the parks and reserves is another factor cited for loss of wildlife.
Political parties must attain at least 5 percent of the vote in order to gain a seat in the legislature.
The country is currently divided into 8 regions, which are subdivided into 36 districts .
The military took over the country and President Tandja was put in prison, charged with corruption.
It belongs to the UN and its main specialized agencies and in 1980–81 served on the UN Security Council.
Government finance is derived revenue exports as well as various forms of taxes collected by the government.
Other principal donors include the United States, Belgium, Germany, Switzerland, Canada, and Saudi Arabia.
Future growth may be sustained by exploitation of oil, gold, coal, and other mineral resources.
A drought and locust infestation in 2005 led to food shortages for as many as 2.5 million Nigeriens.
Niger's agricultural and livestock sectors are the mainstay of all but 18% of the population.
14% of Niger's GDP is generated by livestock production , said to support 29% of the population.
The 15% of Niger's land that is arable is found mainly along its southern border with Nigeria.
In these areas, Pearl millet, sorghum, and cassava are the principal rain-fed subsistence crops.
Irrigated rice for internal consumption is grown in parts of the Niger River valley in the west.
Cowpeas and onions are grown for commercial export, as are small quantities of garlic, peppers, potatoes, and wheat.
A small area in the southern tip of the nation, surrounding Gaya can expect to receive or rainfall.
Rains, as in much of the Sahel, have been marked by annual variability.
For instance, the rains in 2000 were not good, while those in 2001 were plentiful and well distributed.
Soils that have become degraded, for example by intensive cereal production, cover 50 per cent of Niger's land.
It is possible to rehabilitate such soils, using a system called the Bioreclamation of Degraded Lands.
As women are often given degraded soils, using this practice has helped to improve livelihoods for women in Niger.
This includes a series of droughts in the 1970s and 1980s and more recently in 2005–2006 and again in 2010.
The existence of widespread famine in 2005–2006 was debated by the government of Niger as well some local NGOs.
The Niger mining industry is the main source of national exports, of which uranium is the largest export.
In 2004, the first Nigerien gold ingot was produced from the Samira Hill Gold Mine, in Tera Department.
The Samira Hill Gold Mine thus became the first commercial gold production in the country.
Based on 2012 reports by the government of Niger, 246016 tons of coal were extracted by SONICHAR in 2011.
There are additional coal deposits to the south and west that are of a higher quality and may be exploitable.
Substantial deposits of phosphates, coal, iron, limestone, and gypsum have also been found in Niger.
Exploration permits on the same basin were held successively by Elf aquitaine , Esso-Elf , Esso and Esso-Petronas .
The government estimates the area has reserves of , and is seeking further oil in the Tenere Desert and near Bilma.
But the economy stagnated due to the sharp reduction in foreign aid in 1999 and poor rains in 2000.
Primary or paved road systems are limited to bigger cities or connection between major cities.
In 2012, there was of road network throughout Niger, of which were paved.
Camel caravan transport was historically important in the Sahara desert and Sahel regions which cover most of the north.
Niger's only international airport is Diori Hamani International Airport, is located in the capital, Niamey.
It includes the construction of new railway from Niamey to connect to the existing line in Parakou .
Each is spoken as a first language primarily by the ethnic group with which it is associated.
Islam, widespread in the region since the 10th century, has greatly shaped the culture and mores of the people of Niger.
The second most practiced religion is Christianity, practiced by 0.4% of the population.
A small center of Wahhabite followers have appeared in the last thirty years in the capital and in Maradi.
Despite this, Niger maintains a tradition as a secular state, protected by law.
Alcohol, such as the locally produced Bière Niger, is sold openly in most of the country.
The literacy rate of Niger is among the lowest in the world; in 2005 it was estimated to be only 28.7% .
Children are often forced to work rather than attend school, particularly during planting or harvest periods.
Nomadic children in the north of the country often do not have access to schools.
According to the organization Save the Children, Niger has the world's highest infant mortality rate.
Niger has the 11th highest maternal mortality rate in the world at 820 deaths/100,000 live births.
Between 1996 and 2003, primary school attendance was around 30%, including 36% of males and only 25% of females.
Prior to the Third Republic, Nigeriens only had access to tightly controlled state media.
Three of them—the Anfani Group, Sarounia and Tenere—are urban-based commercial-format FM networks in the major towns.
Radio France Internationale also rebroadcasts in French through some of the commercial stations, via satellite.
Despite relative freedom at the national level, Nigerien journalists say they are often pressured by local authorities.
Its coast in the south lies on the Gulf of Guinea in the Atlantic Ocean.
It comprises 36 states and the Federal Capital Territory, where the capital, Abuja is located.
The British set up administrative and legal structures whilst practising indirect rule through traditional chiefdoms.
Nigeria became a formally independent federation in 1960, and plunged into a civil war from 1967 to 1970.
A minority of the population practise religions indigenous to Nigeria, such as those native to Igbo and Yoruba peoples.
Also, the debt-to-GDP ratio is only 11 percent, which is 8 percent below the 2012 ratio.
Further north, the cities Kano and Katsina have a recorded history dating to around 999 AD.
Hausa kingdoms and the Kanem-Bornu Empire prospered as trade posts between North and West Africa.
Nri was ruled by the Eze Nri, and the city of Nri is considered to be the foundation of Igbo culture.
Nri and Aguleri, where the Igbo creation myth originates, are in the territory of the Umeuri clan.
In West Africa, the oldest bronzes made using the lost-wax process were from Igbo Ukwu, a city under Nri influence.
For centuries, various peoples in modern-day Nigeria traded overland with traders from North Africa.
The majority of those enslaved and taken to these ports were captured in raids and wars.
A number of slave routes were established throughout Nigeria linking the hinterland areas with the major coastal ports.
Britain annexed Lagos as a Crown Colony in August 1861 with the Lagos Treaty of Cession.
In 1864, Samuel Ajayi Crowther became the first African bishop of the Anglican Church.
The following year, it chartered the Royal Niger Company under the leadership of Sir George Taubman Goldie.
By war, the British conquered Benin in 1897, and, in the Anglo-Aro War , defeated other opponents.
The restraint or conquest of these states opened up the Niger area to British rule.
By the middle of the 20th century, a great wave for independence was sweeping across Africa.
Nigeria gained independence from the United Kingdom as a Commonwealth Realm on 1 October 1960.
Southern Cameroon opted to join the Republic of Cameroon while Northern Cameroons chose to remain in Nigeria.
In 1963, the nation established a Federal Republic, with Azikiwe as its first president.
When elections were held in 1965, the Nigerian National Democratic Party came to power in Nigeria's Western Region.
Later, the counter-coup of 1966, supported primarily by Northern military officers, facilitated the rise of Lt.
Tension rose between North and South; Igbos in Northern cities suffered persecution and many fled to the Eastern Region.
The Nigerian Civil War began as the official Nigerian government side attacked Biafra on 6 July 1967 at Garkem.
The 30 month war, with a long siege of Biafra and its isolation from trade and supplies, ended in January 1970.
France, Egypt, the Soviet Union, Britain, Israel, and others were deeply involved in the civil war behind the scenes.
During the oil boom of the 1970s, Nigeria joined OPEC and the huge revenue generated made the economy richer.
The Shagari government became viewed as corrupt and incompetent by virtually all sectors of Nigerian society.
He enrolled Nigeria in the Organisation of the Islamic Conference, which aggravated religious tensions in the country.
After Babangida survived an abortive coup, he pushed back the promised return to democracy to 1992.
Shonekan's caretaker regime was overwhelmed in late 1993 by the military coup of General Sani Abacha.
He shifted money to offshore accounts in various western European banks and voided coup plots by bribing army generals.
The regime came to an end in 1998 when the dictator was found dead amid questionable circumstances.
Umaru Yar'Adua of the People's Democratic Party came into power in the general election of 2007.
In the March 2015 election, Muhammadu Buhari defeated Goodluck Jonathan by roughly 2 million votes.
Nigeria is a Federal Republic modelled after the United States, with executive power exercised by the president.
The House contains 360 seats, with the number of seats per state is determined by population.
Because of the above issues, Nigeria's political parties are pan-national and secular in character .
All major parties have practised vote rigging and other means of coercion to remain competitive.
One notable exception to the African focus was Nigeria's close relationship developed with Israel throughout the 1960s.
Nigeria's foreign policy was tested in the 1970s after the country emerged united from its own civil war.
Nigeria is also a member of the International Criminal Court, and the Commonwealth of Nations.
It was temporarily expelled from the latter in 1995 when ruled by the Abacha regime.
Millions of Nigerians have emigrated at times of economic hardship, primarily to Europe, North America and Australia.
The Nigerian Military consist of an army, a navy, and an air force.
The military in Nigeria have played a major role in the country's history since independence.
Various juntas have seized control of the country and ruled it through most of its history.
Its last period of rule ended in 1999 following the sudden death of former dictator Sani Abacha in 1998.
As Africa's most populated country, Nigeria has repositioned its military as a peacekeeping force on the continent.
Under an African Union mandate, it has stationed forces in Sudan's Darfur region to try to establish peace.
It is comparable in size to Venezuela, and is about twice the size of the US state of California.
It shares a border with Benin , Niger , Chad , Cameroon , and has a coastline of at least 853 km.
The main rivers are the Niger and the Benue, which converge and empty into the Niger Delta.
This is one of the world's largest river deltas, and the location of a large area of Central African mangroves.
The far south is defined by its tropical rainforest climate, where annual rainfall is a year.
Nigeria's most expansive topographical region is that of the valleys of the Niger and Benue river valleys .
To the southeast of the Benue are hills and mountains, which form the Mambilla Plateau, the highest plateau in Nigeria.
It is habitat for the drill monkey, which is found in the wild only in this area and across the border in Cameroon.
The savannah zone's three categories are Guinean forest-savanna mosaic, Sudan savannah, and Sahel savannah.
In the Sahel region, rain is less than per year and the Sahara Desert is encroaching.
In the dry north-east corner of the country lies Lake Chad, which Nigeria shares with Niger, Chad and Cameroon.
In 2005 12.2%, the equivalent of 11,089,000 hectares had been forested in Nigeria.
Between 1990 and 2005, in total Nigeria lost 35.7% of its forest cover, or around 6,145,000 hectares.
Nigeria has eight cities with a population of over 1 million people , which is the second largest in Africa.
Nigeria is the United States' largest trading partner in sub-Saharan Africa and supplies a fifth of its oil .
Nigeria is the 50th-largest export market for US goods and the 14th-largest exporter of goods to the US.
The International Monetary Fund projected economic growth of 9% in 2008 and 8.3% in 2009.
February 2011: According to Citigroup, Nigeria will get the highest average GDP growth in the world between 2010–2050.
Previously, economic development had been hindered by years of military rule, corruption, and mismanagement.
As of 2014 it is the largest economy in Africa, having overtaken South Africa.
Arrears and penalty interest accumulated on the unpaid principal which increased the size of the debt.
Petroleum plays a large role in the Nigerian economy, accounting for 40% of GDP and 80% of Government earnings.
In August 2014, Shell Oil Company said it was finalising its interests in four Nigerian oil fields.
Despite huge deposits of these natural resources, the mining industry in Nigeria is still in its infancy.
On 11 November 2008, NigComSat-1 failed in orbit after running out of power because of an anomaly in its solar array.
It was designed to provide coverage to many parts of Africa, and the Ka-band transponders would also cover Italy.
Population in Nigeria increased from 1990 to 2008 by 57 million a 60% growth rate.
The results of the most recent census were released in December 2006 and gave a population of 140,003,542.
The only breakdown available was by gender: males numbered 71,709,859, females numbered 68,293,08.
On June 2012, President Goodluck Jonathan said that Nigerians should limit their number of children.
By 2100 the UN estimates that the Nigerian population will be between 505 million and 1.03 billion people .
The middle belt of Nigeria is known for its diversity of ethnic groups, including the Pyem, Goemai, and Kofyar.
Nigeria is a religiously diverse society, with Islam and Christianity being the most widely professed religions.
According to one recent estimate, over 40% of Nigeria's population adheres to Islam .
Islam dominated the north and had a number of supporters in the South Western, Yoruba part of the country.
Both Protestantism and Roman Catholicism dominated in the Ibibio, Annang, and the Efik kiosa lands.
As of 2012, the HIV prevalence rate among adults ages 15–49 was just 3.1 percent.
Retaining these expensively trained professionals has been identified as one of the goals of the government.
The education system is divided into Kindergarten, primary education, secondary education and tertiary education.
After the 1970s oil boom, tertiary education was improved so that it would reach every subregion of Nigeria.
68% of the Nigerian population is literate, and the rate for men is higher than that for women .
Nigeria is home to a substantial network of organised crime, active especially in drug trafficking.
These scams involve a complicit Nigerian bank and a scammer who claims to have money he needs to obtain from that bank.
There is also some major piracy in Nigeria, with attacks directed at all types of vessels.
More than $400 billion were stolen from the treasury by Nigeria's leaders between 1960 and 1999.
Jonathan however dismissed the claim and replaced Sanusi for his mismanagement of the central bank's budget.
There is also the Afan Music invented and popularised by the Ewuborn poet and musician Umuobuarie Igberaese.
The Nigerian film industry is known as Nollywood and is now the 2nd-largest producer of movies in the world.
Nigerian film studios are based in Lagos and Enugu, forming a major portion of the local economy of these cities.
Nigerian cinema is Africa's largest movie industry in terms of both value and the number of movies produced per year.
Joshua's Emmanuel TV, originating from Nigeria, is one of the most viewed television stations across Africa.
Nigerian cuisine, like West African cuisine in general, is known for its richness and variety.
Football is largely considered the Nigeria's national sport and the country has its own Premier League of football.
They won the African Cup of Nations in 1980, 1994, and 2013, and have also hosted the U-17 & U-20 World Cup.
Nigeria is also involved in other sports such as basketball, cricket and track and field.
Boxing is also an important sport in Nigeria; Dick Tiger and Samuel Peter are both former World Champions.
Under a law signed early 2014, same-sex couples who marry face up to 14 years each in prison.
Witnesses or anyone who helps gay couples marry will be sentenced to 10 years behind bars.
Some of the ethnic groups like the Ogoni, have experienced severe environmental degradation due to petroleum extraction.
Since the end of the civil war in 1970, some ethnic violence has persisted.
The rioting erupted after Muslims in the country reacted in anger to comments made by a newspaper reporter.
Rioters in Kaduna killed an estimated 105 men, women, and children with a further 521 injured taken to hospital.
Blonsky was raised in Great Neck, New York, in Nassau County on Long Island.
She began singing at age three and started taking vocal lessons at the age of eight.
Blonsky attended Great Neck North Middle School, and attended John L. Miller Great Neck North High School for one year.
Then she switched to Village School, an alternative high school with only 50 students.
After school each day, she would attend the after-school theater program at William A.
In 2007, while working at Cold Stone Creamery, she found out she had been cast in Adam Shankman's 2007 film adaptation.
On December 18, 2007, she performed with the Turtle Creek Chorale in her first solo performance.
Nikki's father is Meredith Avery Cox and her mother is Terry Kay Cox, who was her personal manager.
Cox began her career at the age of four when she appeared as a dancer in several ballet productions and TV specials.
Cox was engaged in 1997 to Bobcat Goldthwait, who voiced the character of Mr.
Some of her best lifts include for 10 reps on bench press and for multiple reps on leg press.
Fuller was born in Dayton, Ohio and moved with her family to Gresham, Oregon when she was 10 years old.
Fuller competed in track and field and, by the time she graduated in 1986, she was the Water Polo State Champion.
Working out at a local gym, Fuller began training and quickly transformed herself, adding to her frame.
Fuller turned pro after winning the heavyweight and overall titles at the 1990 National Physique Committee Nationals.
Though Griffin was born in Vicksburg, Mississippi, several years of her childhood were spent living in Germany.
She took a film class at her high school, where she was taught by Marc Matney .
After she graduated from high school, Griffin moved out to Los Angeles to try and make it in the entertainment business.
before she found an agent, she went to professional make-up school in Los Angeles.
Griffin played party girl and drug addict Jess Sathers, also known as 'Floater Girl'.
Hahn began her career as a child model at the age of 3, and began working commercially at the age of 4.
This is Hahn's first dramatic role as a villain working alongside Lily Rabe and Academy Awards Winner Jessica Lange.
As the year comes to an end, Hahn has yet another flight to catch in November.

She appeared on the cover twice, first in August 1997, then in July 2003, along with a feature pictorial.
With boyfriend Rick Reynolds, she has a daughter, Tatum Ella Reynolds, born March 27, 2009. 

She is the daughter of Joan Stanton and George Axelrod, who was a screenwriter, producer, playwright and film director.
She grew up on the west side of Cleveland, Ohio, and attended Rocky River High School, graduating in 1970.
 Nina Foch Nina Foch was a Dutch-born American actress of film, stage, and television.
Her career spanned six decades, consisting of over fifty feature films and over one hundred television appearances.
Foch also worked prominently in television, starring in a multitude of television series from 1951 until 2007.
Foch lived in Beverly Hills, California, for 40 years and married three times.
She married her second husband, Dennis de Brito, in 1959; and the couple had one child before divorcing in 1963.
Foch died on December 5, 2008, at the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center.
She had become ill the day before, while teaching at the University of Southern California's School of Cinematic Arts. 
More recently, she is the owner of a specialist antique store in New York City.
She attended Hyde Junior High School in Cupertino, California and went on to graduate from Cupertino High School.
She later studied dramatic art at the L'Ecole de Claude Mathieu in Paris, France.
The film was acquired for release on DVD and VHS by EI Independent Cinema in 2001.
In recent years, Garbiras has begun a second career as a small business owner.
As a teenager, Nina started modeling in Houston and Dallas, and by age 19, she began learning to be a stunt artist.
Nina achieved early success in modeling and she moved to New York City as one of Wilhelmina's most sought after models.

The story concerns a British World War I soldier who comes to the assistance of an enslaved dancer.

Her father was an accomplished piano player, and her mother was a professional dancer.
Linda did ballet, Wanda played the harp, and continues even now as an actor and comedienne.
Nita started performing in public at age 5, when she did a decorous fan dance in a long, pink dress.
In 1950, when she was 24, Nita was diagnosed with polio; her doctors all said she would never walk again.
But with the help of her mother, she recovered from the disease and within a year was back on stage, dancing and acting.
They also headlined in Las Vegas and in 1952 were showcased at the Frontier Hotel.
Nita Bieber worked with stars such as Tony Curtis , Hedy Lamarr , Judy Garland , Billy Benedict , and Larry Fine .
Nita appeared in movies for MGM, Universal Studios, and Columbia Studios until 1955.
That day, Nita also did an interview for the Three Stooges compilation DVD produced by Sony Pictures. 
Nita Naldi was born Mary Dooley in New York City into a working class Irish family in 1894 and Patrick Dooley).
The latter event left her to care for her two teenage siblings, which forced Naldi to seek work.
After Valentino signed a contract with United Artists, he banned Rambova from the set.
where she died of a heart attack in her apartment little over three months after her 66th birthday.
She was buried in the family plot at Calvary Cemetery in Queens, New York.
Barclay and Naldi had met in 1919 during her stage days and had lived together with her sister in New York since 1920.
Naldi returned to the United States in 1931, alone, and filed for bankruptcy two years later.
Despite rumors, Naldi claimed to have never been romantic with either Valentino or Barrymore.
In 1956 she was rumored to be engaged to a Park Avenue man named Larry Hall, but no union took place.

Betty Grable's pin-up was #1 among GIs during World War II, and Neill was ranked #2.
Signing a contract with Paramount Pictures led to appearances in many of the studio's feature films and short subjects.
She continued in the role for five seasons until the series went off the air in 1958.
On June 15, 2010, the southern Illinois city of Metropolis , unveiled a statue of Lois Lane.

 Nora Denney Nora Denney , also known and credited as Dodo Denney, was an American stage, television, and film actress.
They had two sons, Dix and John, who are the founders of the Los Angeles-based punk rock band The Weirdos.
After a battle with cancer, Denney died on November 20, 2005, aged 78, at her home in Crestline, California. 
Dunfee met her future husband, David Clarke, in an acting class and the two married in 1946.
Dunn was born in Chicago, Illinois, the daughter of Margaret , a nurse, and John Dunn, a musician and poet.
She was raised in a Catholic family, and has Irish, English, Scottish, and German ancestry.
 Nora Eddington Nora Eddington is best known as the second wife of actor Errol Flynn.
By the time their second daughter, Rory, was born in March 1947, their marriage was already essentially over.
The couple were divorced in 1949, but parted on fairly amicable terms, with Eddington given custody of the children.
Shortly after the divorce she married singer Dick Haymes, on July 17, 1949.
Nora Eddington died in 2001, aged 77, after a long battle with kidney disease, at Cedars Sinai Hospital, Los Angeles.
She starred in a few films only, roles mostly arising through her connection with Errol Flynn. 

Zehetner was born in El Paso, Texas, the daughter of Nancy Lynne and John Carol Zehetner.
She attended elementary school in Richardson, Texas, a suburb of Dallas, before moving back to El Paso.
When she was 14 she moved to Dallas where she attended McKinney High School for several years.
The Corcoran children studied dramatics or dance as a means to launch potential acting careers.
Other Corcoran siblings who went into acting were Brian Corcoran, Hugh Corcoran, and Kelly Corcoran .
Bill Corcoran, Jr. became the dean of students at California State University, Fresno.
Slowly before the viewers' eyes, she seemed to grow from a somewhat awkward teenager into a sophisticated young woman.
Kelly had enrolled in the same college Bentley attended and was a freshman there during the series final season .
In mostly season 1 & 2 story lines, Kelly often acted as an unwelcome matchmaker for her Uncle Bentley.
The movie featured great performances from the popular singer Leslie Gore, The Beach Boys and The Crickets .
Noreen Corcoran left acting for a private career behind the scenes in theatre arts and dance.
In the story line, Amelia Brown returns to the town of Silver City eight years after the lynching of her husband, Lem.
Norma Crane died of breast cancer, aged 44, in Los Angeles, California.
 Norma Eberhardt Norma Eberhardt was an American actress who began her career as a fashion model.
Reportedly, the photographer was struck by her two different colored eyes, one brown eye and one blue eye.
The photographer, who was based in nearby New York City, assumed that Eberhardt was over the age of 18.
He personally drove her back home to obtain her mother's permission and signature for the contract.
Eberhardt soon signed with the John Robert Powers Agency, appearing in advertising campaigns on billboards.
Eberhardt married Claude Dauphin, a French actor and former member of the French Resistance, in 1955.
Norma Eberhardt died of a stroke at Lenox Hill Hospital in Manhattan on September 16, 2011, at the age of 82.
She was survived by her 108-year-old father, George Eberhardt, and six brothers and sisters.
Her funeral was held at the Church House of the Presbyterian Church in Shrewsbury, New Jersey.


 Norma Shearer Edith Norma Shearer was a Canadian-American actress, and a major Hollywood star from 1925 through 1942.
Her early films cast her as a spunky ingenue, but in the Pre-Code film era, she played sexually liberated women.
She gave well-received performances in adaptations of Noël Coward, Eugene O'Neill, and William Shakespeare.
Shearer's work was formally reappraised in the 1990s through a number of high-profile books.
Within weeks, she had left her husband and moved into a cheap boarding house with her two daughters.
In January 1920, the three Shearer women arrived in New York, each of them dressed up for the occasion.
I coughed loudly and, when the man looked in the direction of the cough, I stood on my tiptoes and smiled right at him.
Recognizing the awkward ruse to which I'd resorted, he laughed openly and walked over to me and said, 'You win, Sis.
A cast in one and far too blue; blue eyes always looked blank in close-up.
In desperate need of money, Shearer resorted to some modeling work, which proved successful.
The next morning, Shearer went to the Mayer Company on Mission Road to meet with Thalberg.
Under Palmer's own supervision, a second test was made and judged a success by the studio brass.
'There seems to be a problem,' he said, 'tell me about it.'
Nobody had warned me that Mayer was a better actor than any of us, and I was unprepared for what happened next.
The film was a conspicuous success and contributed to the meteoric rise of the new company, and to Shearer's visibility.
By late 1925 she was carrying her own films, and was one of M-G-M's biggest attractions, a bona fide star.
It would pay $1,000 a week and rise to $5,000 over the next five years.
She bought a house for herself and Edith at 2004 Vine Street, which was located under the Hollywoodland Sign.
It was just one of the many visits she paid to his office, always to plead for better material, better parts.
In spite of his youth, Thalberg became a father figure to the 23-year-old actress.
She entered to find Thalberg sitting at his desk before a tray of diamond engagement rings.
He granted her the option to choose her own ring; she picked out the biggest.
Before they were married, Shearer converted to Judaism so that she could marry Thalberg.
It also spelled the end of many silent careers, and Shearer was determined hers would not be one of them.
Four chairs were arranged so she could sit at the table in her voluminous skirts.
Following her retirement in 1942, she married Martin Arrougé , a former ski instructor twelve years her junior.
Although often attending public events in her later life, Shearer gradually withdrew from the Hollywood social scene.
It is the northern part of the divided city of Nicosia and is governed by the Nicosia Turkish Municipality.
As of 2011, North Nicosia had a population of 61,378 and a metropolitan area with a population of 82,539.
On 15 July 1974, there was an attempted coup d'état led by the Greek military junta to unite the island with Greece.
On 20 July 1974, the Turkish army invaded the island, fearing that the coup would result in enosis.
This was followed by the opening of Ayios Dometios crossing point on 9 May 2003.
As the capital, North Nicosia is Northern Cyprus's political, economic and cultural center.
The Nicosia Turkish Municipality is headed by the mayor, Mehmet Harmancı from the Communal Democracy Party .
Below is a list of mayors of the Nicosia Turkish Municipality since its establishment in 1958: Quarters.
At the center of the walled city lies the Atatürk Square, widely known as Sarayönü.
It still hosts mass rallies during political campaigns and the headquarters of the National Unity Party.
The column was brought from the ancient city of Salamis by the Venetians in 1550.
The Girne Avenue connects Sarayönü to the Kyrenia Gate and the İnönü Square in front of it.
A project is underway as of 2015 to redesign the area with a better infrastructure, visual quality and accessibility.
The houses are uniform and contiguous, and in the center of the neighborhood is a historic fountain.
Still a residential area, the neighborhood is considered to be one of the best representations of the Cypriot culture.
Another central point in the walled city is the Selimiye Mosque, originally built as the St. Sophia Cathedral.
It was built between 1209 and 1228 by the Latin Church of Cyprus, in a Gothic style resembling French cathedrals.
Today, it is used as a cultural center where various cultural activities such as concerts and festivals take place.
The quarters of Nicosia outside the walled city are more spacious than the walled city, with wider roads and junctions.
In 2012, Lefkoşa District had 39.9% of the workplaces and 49.5% of the employees in Northern Cyprus.
North Nicosia also grew in importance as a center of commerce as the construction of offices grew by 74.2%.
Recently, programs have been put to place to regulate the growth of the city that has expanded uncontrollably.
North Nicosia has been identified as a city with a high amount of development and welfare.
The city has seen the construction of large hotels in the late 2000s and early 2010s.
The city saw around 117 million Turkish liras of new construction in the year 2011 alone.
Different religious groups conduct cultural activities; the Alevi Cultural Association is headquartered in Nicosia.
The walled city has also seen investment in the recent years, with cultural centers and bars being opened.
Photography exhibitions and competitions take place in the city, organized by the state and private institutions alike.
The Mevlevi Tekke Museum used to be the headquarters of the Mevlevi sect, associated with the Whirling Dervishes.
The Lapidary Museum was originally built as a guesthouse for the pilgrims visiting the St. Sophia Cathedral .
The orchestra frequently delivers concerts and participates in big musical festivals held in the country.
At times, the orchestra delivers concerts at open spaces, such as parks and squares.
The city hosts several folk dance groups, which organize annual festivals to perform Cypriot folk dances.
The city hosts folk dance shows of children from other countries in the annual children's day on 23 April.
Several modern dance activities also take place in the city, where several dance schools are established.
In 2010, the city was part of the international Earthdance activity, which was witnessed by thousands of locals.
The Near East University was founded in 1988 and its campus is a few kilometers away from Nicosia proper.
The private high schools in Nicosia are the Near East College, the Levent College and the TED College.
There are also the state-owned Anadolu High School of Fine Arts and four vocational high schools.
The complex also hosts an athlete training facility, and is accessible to disabled athletes.
It was also part of the annual Cyprus Rally in 2014, which garnered huge popular attention and attracted crowds.
It also has a modern sports hall and a health and wellness campus covering more than 2000 square meters.
It also has the CIU Foxes teams, whose men's handball branch won the national league two times in a row.
Norway has an extensive coastline, facing the North Atlantic Ocean and the Barents Sea.
King Harald V of the German House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg is the current monarch of Norway.
Norway has both administrative and political subdivisions on two levels, known as counties and municipalities .
Norway maintains close ties with the European Union and its member countries , as well as with the United States.
Norway has extensive reserves of petroleum, natural gas, minerals, lumber, seafood, fresh water, and hydropower.
The petroleum industry accounts for around a quarter of the country's gross domestic product.
On a per-capita basis, it is the world's largest producer of oil and natural gas outside the Middle East.
In the southern part of the country are dwelling sites dating from about 5,000 BC.
Finds from these sites give a clearer idea of the life of the hunting and fishing peoples.
Representations of the Sun, animals, trees, weapons, ships, and people are all strongly stylised.
During the first four centuries AD the people of Norway were in contact with Roman-occupied Gaul.
About 70 Roman bronze cauldrons, often used as burial urns, have been found.
These houses were family homesteads where several generations lived together, with people and cattle under one roof.
In 1814, Norwegians adopted a constitution before being forced into a personal union with Sweden.
Despite its declaration of neutrality in World War II, Norway was occupied for 5 years by forces of Nazi Germany.
Discovery of oil in adjacent waters in the late 1960s boosted Norway's economic fortunes.
The modern-day Irish cities of Dublin, Limerick and Waterford were founded by Norwegian settlers.
Born sometime in between 963–969, Olav Tryggvasson set off raiding in England with 390 ships.
There he built a church which became the first Christian church ever built in Norway.
From Moster, Olav sailed north to Trondheim where he was acclaimed King of Norway by the Eyrathing in 995.
Feudalism never really developed in Norway or Sweden, as it did in the rest of Europe.
Thus, with his election to the throne of Sweden, both Sweden and Norway were united under King Magnus VII.
However, the few surviving farms' tenants found their bargaining positions with their landlords greatly strengthened.
King Magnus VII ruled Norway until 1350, when his son, Haakon, was placed on the throne as Haakon VI.
In 1363, Haakon VI married Margaret, the daughter of King Valdemar IV of Denmark.
Upon the death of Haakon VI, in 1379, his son, Olaf IV, was only 10 years old.
Thus, upon Olaf's accession to the throne of Norway, Denmark and Norway entered personal union.
Margaret was working toward a union of Sweden with Denmark and Norway by having Olaf elected to the Swedish throne.
Queen Margaret knew that her power would be more secure if she were able to find a king to rule in her place.
The harvest failed in Scandinavia at least nine times between 1740 and 1800, with great loss of life.
He protected the constitution and liberties of Norway and Sweden during the age of Metternich.
The Romantic Era that followed the reign of King Charles III John brought some significant social and political reforms.
In 1854, women won the right to inherit property in their own right just like men.
In 1863, the last trace of keeping unmarried women in the status of minors was removed.
Furthermore, women were then eligible for different occupations, particularly the common school teacher.
Voting was limited to officials, property owners, leaseholders, and burghers of incorporated towns.
There was no strong bourgeosie class in Norway to demand a breakdown of this aristocratic control of the economy.
In just a few months this society had a membership of 500 and was publishing its own newspaper.
Within two years 300 societies had been organised all over Norway with a total membership of 20,000 persons.
In 1898, all men were granted universal suffrage, followed by all women in 1913.
Thereafter, the world ranking of the Norwegian merchant navy fell from fourth place to sixth in the world.
Although Norway was unprepared for the German surprise attack , military and naval resistance lasted for two months.
Real power was wielded by the leader of the German occupation authority, Reichskommissar Josef Terboven.
Many Norwegians and persons of Norwegian descent joined the Allied forces as well as the Free Norwegian Forces.
This group included 13 ships, five aircraft, and 500 men from the Royal Norwegian Navy.
More important to the Allied war effort, however, was the role of the Norwegian Merchant Marine.
At the time of the invasion, Norway had the 4th largest merchant marine fleet in the world.
From 1945 to 1962, the Labour Party held an absolute majority in the parliament.
The wartime alliance with the United Kingdom and the United States was continued in the post-war years.
In 1969, the Phillips Petroleum Company discovered petroleum resources at the Ekofisk field west of Norway.
Two referendums on joining the European Union failed by narrow margins in 1972 and 1994.
By the late 1990s, Norway had paid off its foreign debt and had started accumulating a sovereign wealth fund.
The rugged coastline, broken by huge fjords and thousands of islands, stretches and and include fjords and islands.
Norway shares a land border with Sweden, with Finland, and with Russia to the east.
To the north, west and south, Norway is bordered by the Barents Sea, the Norwegian Sea, the North Sea, and Skagerrak.
Frozen ground can be found all year in the higher mountain areas and in the interior of Finnmark county.
The northernmost part has a mostly maritime Subarctic climate, while Svalbard has an Arctic tundra climate.
Areas to the east of the coastal mountains are in a rain shadow, and have lower rain and snow totals than the west.
The lowlands around Oslo have the warmest and sunniest summers but also cold weather and snow in wintertime.
There is also very high rainfall at areas exposed to the Atlantic, such as Bergen.
The largest predator in Norwegian waters is the sperm whale, and the largest fish is the basking shark.
The largest predator on land is the polar bear, while the brown bear is the largest predator on the Norwegian mainland.
Norway is considered to be one of the most developed democracies and states of justice in the world.
Since 2010, Norway has been classified as the world's most democratic country by the Democracy Index.
Haakon, Crown Prince of Norway, is the legal and rightful heir to the throne and the Kingdom.
A 4% election threshold is required for a party to gain levelling seats in Parliament.
If an indicted suspect is impeached, Parliament has the power to remove the person from office.
The PM organises the executive government and exercises its power as vested by the Constitution.
To form a government, the PM must have more than half the members of Cabinet be members of the Church of Norway.
A part of this is the evolution of the public school subject Christianity, a required subject since 1739.
Even the state's loss in a battle at the European Court of Human Rights at Strasbourg in 2007 did not settle the matter.
All government bills need the formal approval by the Monarch before and after introduction to Parliament.
The Council reviews and approves all of the Monarch's actions as head of state.
Historically, both the Norwegian Labour Party and Conservative Party have played leading political roles.
As such, the Government is directly represented at a local level through the County Governors' offices.
There are three Antarctic and Subantarctic dependencies: Bouvet Island, Peter I Island and Queen Maud Land.
In most cases, the city borders are coterminous with the borders of their respective municipalities.
Usually, judges attached to regular courts are formally appointed by the Monarch on the advice of the Prime Minister.
The legislature abolished the death penalty for high treason in war and war-crimes in 1979.
60 countries maintain an embassy in Norway, all of them in the capital, Oslo.
Norway has conscription ; in 2013, the country became the first in Europe and NATO to draft women as well as men.
Norway was awarded first place according to the UN's Human Development Index for 2013.
Poverty and communicable diseases dominated in Norway together with famines, and epidemics in the 1800s.
In 2013 the infant mortality rate was 2.5 per 1 000 live births among children under the age of one.
For girls it was 2.7 and for boys 2.3, which is the lowest infant mortality rate for boys ever recorded in Norway.
According to the CIA World Factbook, Norway is a net external creditor of debt.
Public health care in Norway is free , and parents have 46 weeks paid parental leave.
The hourly productivity levels, as well as average hourly wages in Norway, are among the highest in the world.
Through these big companies, the government controls approximately 30% of the stock values at the Oslo Stock Exchange.
By referendums in 1972 and 1994, Norwegians rejected proposals to join the European Union .
Some sectors, such as agriculture, oil and fish, are not wholly covered by the EEA Treaty.
The country is richly endowed with natural resources including petroleum, hydropower, fish, forests, and minerals.
Large reserves of petroleum and natural gas were discovered in the 1960s, which led to a boom in the economy.
Export revenues from oil and gas have risen to almost 50% of total exports and constitute more than 20% of the GDP.
Norway is the fifth-largest oil exporter and third-largest gas exporter in the world, but it is not a member of OPEC.
The budgetary rule is to spend no more than 4% of the fund each year .
As the stock markets tumbled in September 2008, the fund was able to buy more shares at low prices.
In this way, the losses incurred by the market turmoil was recuperated by November 2009.
In 2000, the government sold one-third of the state-owned oil company Statoil in an IPO.
The next year, the main telecom supplier, Telenor, was listed on Oslo Stock Exchange.
The state also owns significant shares of Norway's largest bank, DnB NOR and the airline SAS.
Since 2000, economic growth has been rapid, pushing unemployment down to levels not seen since the early 1980s .
Hydroelectric plants generate roughly 98–99% of Norway's electric power, more than any other country in the world.
From 1966 to 2013, Norway companies have drilled 5085 oil wells, mostly in the North Sea.
and the Castberg Oil Field —calculated size 540 million barrels of oil, and 2–7 billion cubic meters of gas.
Under discussion is development of a new high-speed rail system between the nation's largest cities.
The plug-in electric segment market share of new car sales is also the highest in the world.
Of the 97 airports in Norway, 52 are public, and 46 are operated by the state-owned Avinor.
A direct high-speed train connects to Oslo Central Station every 10 minutes for a 20 min ride.
All of these groups speak many different languages and come from different cultures and religions.
In 2012, an official study showed that 86% of the total population have at least one parent who was born in Norway.
In 2012, of the total 660,000 with immigrant background, 407,262 had Norwegian citizenship .
The cities or municipalities with the highest share of immigrants in 2012 were Oslo and Drammen .
This is mostly because of increased immigration by residents of the EU, in particular from Poland.
Net immigration from abroad reached 47,300 , while immigration accounted for 72% of Norway's population growth.
The fastest growing immigrant groups in 2011 in absolute numbers were from Poland, Lithuania and Sweden.
The policies of immigration and integration have been the subject of much debate in Norway.
About 74.3% of Norwegians were members of the Church of Norway on 1 January 2015.
In the early 1990s, studies estimated that between 4.7% and 5.3% of Norwegians attended church on a weekly basis.
This figure has dropped to about 2%—the lowest such percentage in Europe—according to data from 2009 and 2010.
The reporter estimated that the total number of people with Catholic background may be 170,000–200,000 or higher.
The Swedish, Finnish and Icelandic Lutheran congregations in Norway have about 27,500 members in total.
Sikhism has approximately 3,000 adherents, with most living in Oslo, which has two gurdwaras.
Drammen also has a sizeable population of Sikhs; the largest gurdwara in north Europe was built in Lier.
Other fast-growing religions were the Roman Catholic Church , Hinduism , Islam , and Buddhism .
The academic year has two semesters, from August to December and from January to June.
The ultimate responsibility for the education lies with the Norwegian Ministry of Education and Research.
Some supporters have also advocated making Norwegian Sign Language an official language of the country.
In the 19th and 20th centuries, the Norwegian language was subject to strong political and cultural controversies.
The majority of the population is fairly fluent in English, especially those born after World War II.
German, French and Spanish are also commonly taught as second or, more often, third languages.
Russian, Japanese, Italian, Latin, and rarely Chinese are offered in some schools, mostly in the cities.
Traditionally, English, German and French were considered the main foreign languages in Norway.
The Sami people have never been a single community in a single region of Lapland.
Separation of church and state happened significantly later in Norway than in most of Europe and is not yet complete.
The members of the Royal family are required to be members of the Lutheran church.
The film was released in 1975 and is based on characters from Norwegian cartoonist Kjell Aukrust.
Since the 1990s, the film industry has thrived with up to 20 feature films each year.
Norwegian black metal has been an influence in world music since the late 20th century.
Espen Lind has written and produced songs for Beyoncé, Lionel Richie and Leona Lewis, among others.
The highest FIFA ranking Norway has achieved is 2nd, a position it has held twice, in 1993 and in 1995.
In March 2015, DeWulf joined the cast of reality show Hockey Wives chronicling her life with husband Ryan Miller.
DeWulf was born Noureen Ahmed in New York City to Indian Gujarati Muslim parents from Pune, India.
On September 3, 2011, DeWulf married National Hockey League goaltender Ryan Miller in Vancouver, British Columbia.
It is the seat of government and the country's largest cultural and economic center.
The major cities closest to the capital are Iqaluit and St. John's in Canada and Reykjavík in Iceland.
In January 2013, it had a population of 16,454, making it one of the smallest capital cities in the world by population.
It is so named because of its position at the end of the Nuup Kangerlua fjord on the eastern shore of the Labrador Sea.
The Nuuk area was later inhabited by Viking explorers in the 10th century, and shortly thereafter by Inuit peoples.
In 1733 and 1734, a smallpox epidemic killed most of the native population as well as Egede's wife.
Hans Egede went back to Denmark in 1736 after 15 years in Greenland, leaving his son Poul to continue his work.
The Europeans had brought diseases and a culture that conflicted with the ways of the native Greenlanders.
Greenlanders shared a written language and assembled a council under Eske Brun's leadership in Nuuk.
As in Greenland as a whole, Nuuk is populated today by both Inuit and Danes.
Currently over a third of Greenland's total population lives in the Nuuk Greater Metropolitan area.
The fjord widens into a bay dotted with skerries near its mouth, opening into Labrador Sea at approximately .
The Sermitsiaq mountain looms over the city and can be seen almost everywhere in Nuuk.
On December 22,the shortest day of the year, the sun rises at 10:30 and sets at 14:20.
By contrast,on the longest day of the year, June 21, the sun rises at 3:00 and does not set until 00:00.
The coldest month is March, at , while the warmest is July, at , while the year averages out at .
The population increased by over a third relative to the 1990 levels, and by over 22% relative to the 2000 levels.
The organisation runs the municipal elections every four years, with the last election taking place in 2012.
The association is overseen by Maliina Abelsen, the Minister for Social Affairs in the Government of Greenland.
Although only a small city, Nuuk has developed trade, business, shipping and other industries.
is sold in abundance in Nuuk and the capital contains a number of fish markets, the largest being Kalaaliaraq Market.
The city, like much of Greenland, is heavily dependent upon Danish investment and relies on Denmark for block funding.
The University of Greenland , which is the only university in Greenland, is located in Nuuk.
The hospital not only serves as the main hospital for the municipality but is the central hospital in all of Greenland.
The Nuuk Tourist Office was built in 1992 to house the headquarters of the new National Tourist Board of Greenland.
The main street in Nuuk is Aqqusinersuaq, with a number of shops and the 140-room Hotel Hans Egede.
The majority of the 72 buses and 2,570 cars owned in Greenland operate in Nuuk.
The Church of Our Saviour, the Nuuk Cathedral of the Lutheran diocese of Greenland, was built in 1849.
Other landmarks include the Hans Egede Church, the Statue of Hans Egede and the Hans Egede House.
Katuaq is a cultural centre used for concerts, films, art exhibitions, and conferences.
Katuaq contains two auditoria, the larger seating 1,008 people and the smaller, 508.
The complex also contains an art school, library, meeting facilities, administrative offices and a café.
Ilisimatusarfik, the University of Greenland, is located in Nuuk and is the national university of Greenland.
Most courses are taught in Danish, although a few are in Kalaallisut as well.
As of 2007, the university had approximately 150 students , around 14 academic staff, and five administrators.
As of 1 January 2008, there are 83,324 items in the library database at Ilimmarfik.
It is the home of the Greenland national handball team and has a capacity of 1,000.
 Nydia Westman Nydia Eileen Westman was an American actress and singer of stage, screen and television.
Westman's parents, Theodore and Lily Westman were actors in vaudeville in her native New York City.
Her sisters, Lolita and Neville were actresses, and her brother, Theodore , was an actor and playwright.
She was married to Robert Sparks, a producer, from 1930 until 1937; they had a daughter, actress Kate Williamson .

Her father, Victor Yustman, who is of Italian and French descent, was born in Bogotá, Colombia, and raised in Nicaragua.
They have one child, daughter Charlie Mae, born on September 7, 2015.
 Odette Myrtil Odette Myrtil was an American actress, singer, and violinist of French birth.
She began her career as a violinist on the vaudeville stage in Paris at the age of 14.
She also appeared on the stages of Chicago, London, Los Angeles, and Paris several times during her career.
Not a leading lady on camera, she specialized in character roles and was often utilized for her gifts as a singer.
She also worked as a costume designer for 9 motion pictures from 1944 to 1950.
She studied the violin at a boarding school in Brussels and began performing the violin professionally at the age of 13.
After 1935, Myrtil's career decidedly shifted towards film, although she never left her live theatre roots.
From 1955 to 1958 she managed The Playhouse Inn, located next door to the Bucks County Playhouse.
Rulin was eight when she emigrated to the United States to rejoin her father who had done so two years earlier.
The fact that she had done ballet solos in vaudeville helped get her the part.
She died on September 24, 2010 in Nonantum, Massachusetts of natural causes, at the age of 89. 
Olga Tchakova was born in the Siberian region of Russia and then lived in Ukhta, in the country's Komi Republic.
She returned to attend the University of Maine at Augusta, majoring in financial management.
While vacationing in Los Angeles, California, Fonda was scouted to pursue modeling, her longtime ambition.
She would have another eleven roles between 1917 and 1920, with a steady decline of quality roles.
She left the business in 1920, and became an attorney under her original name, Anna Zacsek.
Anna Zacsek was residing in Los Angeles at the time of her death on April 25, 1973, aged 76. 

 Olive Borden Olive Borden was an American film and stage actress who began her career during the silent film era.
At the peak of her career in the mid-1920s, Borden was earning $1,500 a week.
In 1927, she walked out on her contract with Fox after refusing to take a pay cut.
She was later honorably discharged after sustaining a foot injury and attempted to make a comeback in films.
However, Borden's attempts to get back into acting were hindered by her alcoholism and health problems.
She died there in October 1947 of a stomach ailment and pneumonia at the age of 41.
As a teenager, she persuaded her mother to take her to Hollywood to pursue a career in show business.
To support themselves they opened a candy store and Olive worked as a telephone operator.
Borden quickly became one of their most popular and highest paid stars earning a salary of $1,500 a week.
She worked to get rid of her Southern accent but could not overcome her reputation as being difficult.
She was still in demand as an actress, and continued to work for Columbia and RKO.
Borden cut her trademark hair into a short bob and turned herself into a modern flapper.
She moved to New York where she had a brief stage career and made a living on the vaudeville circuit.
Borden then found work as a postal clerk and mail carrier and also worked as a nurse's aide.
Her Army career ended after she was hospitalized in Walter Reed Medical Center with a severe foot injury.
Her first marriage was to stockbroker Theodore Spector whom she married on March 28, 1931.
Spector was arrested for bigamy in 1932 after his first wife came forward and claimed they were still married.
In November 1932, Borden petitioned the court for an annulment which was later granted.
Borden died on October 1, 1947 from a stomach ailment and pneumonia at the age of 41.
Borden's funeral was held on October 3 at the Sunshine Mission where she worked before her death.
She was one of the first eight stars chosen to receive a star in 1958.
In 1920, she wed actor Harry Carey, with whom she remained until his death in 1947.
When a posse arrives, Dyer tries to use Ma and Sue to prevent the storming of the house.
However, the posse forces his hand, and the outlaws flee, but Jess Harper keeps Dyer from running away.
She was a life member of The Actors Studio, as was her elder brother, Alfred Ryder.
Deering married film director Leo Penn on February 19, 1947 in Los Angeles, California; they later divorced.
She died of cancer at the age of 67, and was interred in Kensico Cemetery, Valhalla, New York.
She had no children and was survived only by her brother, actor Alfred Ryder. 
The sisters began appearing in the Broadway theaters at about the same time, around 1918.
Barash, who was also raised in New York City, began her work in the entertainment industry at the age of five years.
She was the first child actor to win the acclaimed New York Critic's Circle Award.
Brown was born in Frankfurt, West Germany and raised in Livonia, Michigan, United States.
Her brother is Steve Brown, who played for the Houston Oilers of the NFL during the late 1980s. 

As a child actor, Hack appeared in her first commercial spot when she was eight months old.
 Olivia Munn Lisa Olivia Munn is an American actress, model, television personality, and author.
Her mother was born and raised in Vietnam and fled to Oklahoma after the Vietnam War ended in 1975.
When Munn was two years old, her mother married her second husband, a member of the United States Air Force.
Munn attended the University of Oklahoma, majoring in journalism and minoring in Japanese and dramatic arts.
In 2004, Munn interned at Fox Sports Net and worked as a sideline reporter for college football and women's basketball.
The network, devoted to the world of video games and the video game lifestyle, was at first hesitant to hire Munn.
Robert Downey, Jr. praised Munn for her improvisation skills and led the crew in a round of applause.
She returned for a brief segment in host Jon Stewart's final show on August 6, 2015.
Munn helped PETA with a campaign that ultimately freed a sick elephant from a touring circus.
In February 2013, Munn fronted a PETA release of new footage showing cruelty to animals in Chinese fur farms.
She lives with her mother, brother, and father, comedy writer Martin Olson.
They had to train her so her singing would sound more believable, and add the sounds of inhalations to the track.
Her character is described as a punk goth, the sarcastic daughter of the not-so-evil Dr. Doofenshmirtz.
She occasionally attempts to thwart her father's evil schemes regarding her mother, always ending in failure.
Although she is a sarcastic and spoiled teenager, she also has a kind heart and loves her parents.
The series has been a commercial and popular success, and her character is one of the most popular ones.
She first appeared as an antagonist, but later appears to be the main characters' friends.
She appears at Comic-Cons and pop conventions around the world with other cast members from her shows.
Thirlby was born in New York City, New York to an advertising executive mother and a contractor father.
Her father, Andrew Cockburn, also a journalist, was born in London to British parents and raised in Ireland.
Wilde's older sister, Chloe Cockburn, is a civil rights attorney in New York.

Dukakis was born in Lowell, Massachusetts, the daughter of Alexandra and Constantine S. Dukakis.
Her parents were Greek immigrants to the United States, her father from Anatolia and her mother from the Peloponnese.
She is an alumna of Arlington High School in Arlington, Massachusetts, and was educated at Boston University.
From this, Munson had a very successful stage and radio career in the 1930s in New York.
Munson herself was the antithesis of the voluptuous Belle: freckled and of slight build.
She is well known for her Levi's jeans ad in which she is chased into a tree by a dog. 
She starred in several films between 1915 and 1925 when she retired from the industry.
Ora Carew was born in Salt Lake City, Utah, and was educated by private tutors and at Roland Ball Seminary.
Her screen career began with Goldwyn, following numerous engagements in vaudeville, musical comedy and stock.
Ora then married John C Howard in Dec 1922 in Hollywood, California and they divorced in 1924.
 Orfeh Orfeh is an American singer, songwriter and Tony-nominated actress from New York City.
Orfeh, born March 28, 1967, was raised in Manhattan and began her career straight out of high school.
She attended the famous LaGuardia High School for the Performing Arts, and got a record deal right after her graduation.
The song was a hit both stateside and abroad and garnered a gold album for the musical duo.
In addition to winning excellent reviews, Orfeh met her soon-to-be husband, Andy Karl.
Orfeh garnered Drama Desk, an Outer Critics Circle and Tony Award nominations for her performance.
Her own husband, Andy Karl, starred opposite her as her UPS man, Kyle.
She has appeared on many TV shows and in movies over the course of her career.
She also has done voiceover work for Anthony Bourdain's television show ', and Wachovia bank.

The city is also a hub of Norwegian trade, banking, industry and shipping.
Oslo is a pilot city of the Council of Europe and the European Commission intercultural cities programme.
The population is currently increasing at record rates, making it the fastest growing major city in Europe.
To the north and east, wide forested hills rise above the city giving the location the shape of a giant amphitheatre.
It was separated from the county of Akershus to become a county of its own in 1842.
He is seated on a throne with lion decorations, which at the time was also commonly used by the Norwegian Kings.
According to the Norse sagas, Oslo was founded around 1049 by King Harald Hardråde.
The fact that the University of Oslo was founded as late as 1811 had an adverse effect on the development of the nation.
Long before this, Christiania had started to establish its stature as a centre of commerce and culture in Norway.
In 1814 Christiania once more became a real capital when the union with Denmark was dissolved.
Among the world-famous artists who lived here during this period were Henrik Ibsen and Knut Hamsun .
In 1850, Christiania also overtook Bergen and became the most populous city in the country.
Under the reign of King Olav Kyrre, Oslo became a cultural centre for Eastern Norway.
St. Hallvard became the city's patron saint and is depicted on the city's seal.
The Black Death came to Norway in 1349 and, like other cities in Europe, the city suffered greatly.
He demanded that all citizens should move their shops and workplaces to the newly built city of Christiania.
In the 18th century, after the Great Northern War, the city's economy boomed with shipbuilding and trade.
In the 19th century, several state institutions were established and the city's role as a capital intensified.
There was a brief building boom from 1880, with many new houses, but the boom collapsed in 1889.
The municipality of Aker was incorporated into Oslo in 1948, and suburbs were developed, such as Lambertseter .
Aker Brygge was constructed on the site of the former shipyard Akers Mekaniske Verksted, from 1982–1998.
Although Eastern Norway has a number of rivers, none of these flow into the ocean at Oslo.
The waterfalls in Akerselva gave power to some of the first modern industry of Norway in the 1840s.
Its boundaries encompass many parks and open areas, giving it an airy and green appearance.
In January, three out of four days are below freezing , on average one out of four days is colder than -10 °C.
The climate table below only includes numbers for the standard period and only for Blindern observation site .
Oslo has a large number of parks and green areas within the city core, as well as outside it.
Oslo is built in a horseshoe shape on the shores of the Oslofjord and limited in most directions by hills and forests.
As a result, any point within the city is relatively close to the forest.
The outdoor museum contains 155 authentic old buildings from all parts of Norway, including a Stave Church.
The Oslo City Museum holds a permanent exhibition about the people in Oslo and the history of the city.
It draws about 60,000 people to the Medieval Park east in Oslo and lasts for four days.
The Oslo World Music Festival showcases people who are stars in their own country but strangers in Norway.
Rikard Nordraak, composer of the Norwegian national anthem, was born in Oslo in 1842.
Norway's principal orchestra is the Oslo Philharmonic, based at the Oslo Concert Hall since 1977.
Oslo houses over 20 theatres, such as the Norwegian Theatre and the National Theatre located at Karl Johan Street.
The Opera was opened in 2008 and is a national landmark, designed by the Norwegian architectural firm, Snøhetta.
The foyer and the roof are also used for concerts as well as the three stages.
TVNorge is also located in Oslo, while TV 2 and TV3 operate branch offices in central Oslo.
Holmenkollen National Arena and Holmenkollbakken is the country's main biathlon and Nordic skiing venue.
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships have been hosted in 1930, 1966, 1982 and 2011, as well as the 1952 Winter Olympics.
Each year, the international youth football tournament Norway Cup is held on Ekebergsletta and other places in the city.
Oslo was bidding to host the 2022 Winter Olympics, but later withdrew on 2 October 2014.
Over 1,700 of those are police officers, nearly 140 police lawyers and 500 civilian employees.
PST is a security agency which was established in 1936 and is one of the non-secret agencies in Norway.
According to the Oslo Police, they receive more than 15,000 reports of petty thefts annually.
On 22 July 2011, Oslo was the site of one of two terrorist attacks: the bombing of Oslo government offices.
Some of the city islands and the neighbouring municipality of Nesodden are connected by ferry.
Daily cruiseferry services operate to Copenhagen and Frederikshavn in Denmark, and to Kiel in Germany.
Many of the motorways pass through the downtown and other parts of the city in tunnels.
There are three beltways, the innermost which are streets and the outermost, Ring 3 which is an expressway.
The main airport serving the city is Gardermoen Airport, located in Ullensaker, from the city centre of Oslo.
It acts as the main international gateway to Norway, and is the sixth-largest domestic airport in Europe.
According to the most recent census 432,000 Oslo residents were ethnically Norwegian, an increase of 6% since 2002 .
Pakistanis make up the single largest ethnic minority, followed by Swedes, Somalis, and Poles.
Other large immigrant groups are people from Sri Lanka, Vietnam, Turkey, Morocco, Iraq and Iran.
Life stance communities, mainly the Norwegian Humanist Association, had about 18,000 members in 2011.
The eastern part of Oslo is more mixed, with some schools up to 97% immigrant share.
In 2008, 63% of the population were members of the Church of Norway, lower than the national average of 82%.
In 2011, almost 20% of the population were registered in other religious or life stance communities.

Eunie Branch was born in Madrid, Spain, the daughter of Stephen W. and Ida Branch, both natives of Tennessee.
By the time of the taking of the 1900 Federal Census she was living with her brother's family in Searcy as Eunie Branch.
Ten years later she's listed in the census with her parents in Little Rock as Eula Burgess.
As well as the United States, Bergère also worked on films in England, France and Italy.
The film included a scene in which Mussolini appeared writing a letter and summoning a man to post it.
She is married to producer Lou Adler, and the couple has four sons, Manny, Ike, Pablo, and Oscar.
Other relatives include Tanya Wexler, Haskell Wexler, Yale Wexler, and Don Wexler.
In 1999, Hannah and her husband founded The Painted Turtle Camp in Lake Hughes, California along with Paul Newman.
The camp is part of the Hole in the Wall Gang Camp network founded by Newman.
The camp also has an outreach program that visits hospitals in the greater Los Angeles area.
Brewster grew up in Massachusetts and moved to New York City to attend Parsons School of Design.
In the mid 1990s, Brewster moved to San Francisco and enrolled in acting classes.
Due to complaints from fans, both she and Cook were rehired and kept for the following season.
Brewster reprised as Emily Prentiss in season nine for the 200th episode, as a special guest star.
She made the announcement via Twitter by posting a photograph of the jade engagement ring on her finger.
Brewster and Damstra were married on November 28, 2014 in Los Angeles, California, in a ceremony officiated by Gubler. 
She moved to Topeka for about a year around age 15, and then to Los Angeles in August 2005.
On Thanksgiving Day, 2008, she was arrested in Hollywood, California, for misdemeanor domestic battery.
Their parents are Tracy and Bob Peterson, who divorced when Paige was a child; her stepfather is David Powell. 
Turco was born to Joyce Jean and David Vincent Turco, in Springfield, Massachusetts, where she was raised.
She took ballet lessons as a little girl and planned to become a classical ballerina.
Walker was born in Oak Park, Michigan on September 27, 1986 and graduated from Ferndale High School in 2004.
Walker got her first break in radio as a high school reporter at the urban radio station WJLB .
She later landed a position in the promotions department at the urban radio station WGPR .
Paigion went on to make a total of 11 appearances on BET's 106 & Park as a correspondent.
On June 1, 2012, a nationwide search for the next hosts began and ended on October 1, 2012.
Dawber was born in Detroit, Michigan, the older of two daughters of Thelma M. and Eugene E. Dawber, a commercial artist.
Dawber moved to New York City and was initially a fashion model with Wilhelmina Models before switching to acting.
The show was extremely popular in its debut season, when it averaged at #3 in the Nielsen ratings for the year.
Her role, as Mabel, had been played by Linda Ronstadt in the New York run of the show.
With the birth of her second child, she left the industry for family reasons and acted sporadically during the 1990s.
But unfortunately, this reunion failed to boost the show's ratings, and it was canceled shortly afterwards.
Dawber married actor Mark Harmon on March 21, 1987, in a private ceremony.
As a child she lived in the Carnegie House building at 100 West 57th Street.
Successful as her child-actress years had been, she struggled to find parts in her 20s.
For the 5th season, she received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series.
In 1996, Adlon was married to Felix O. Adlon, the son of German director Percy Adlon.
Adlon splits her time, living on Upper West Side in New York City and Los Angeles, California. 
For a time, she was known as Pamela Anderson Lee after marrying Mötley Crüe drummer Tommy Lee.
Anderson then elected to have breast implant surgery, increasing her bust size to 34D.
This has been one of her best known roles to date and has gained her a lot of popularity from international viewers.
Anderson became a naturalized citizen of the United States on May 12, 2004, while retaining her Canadian citizenship.
After this, she began touring the United States, signing autographs for fans at Wal-Mart stores nationwide.
It was canceled on May 18, 2006, after two seasons, although some episodes were never aired.
In April 2006, Anderson hosted Canada's Juno Awards, becoming the first non-singer and model to do so.
She appears as herself at a book signing at the end of the film, confronted by Borat in a staged botched abduction.
She performed on February 13-14, 2008 in a Valentine's Day striptease act at the Crazy Horse cabaret in Paris.
She stayed as a guest in the house for three days for a reported sum of Rs.
The season premiered on Monday, March 22, 2010, and after seven weeks, Anderson was eliminated.
She also took part in the 15th season all-star edition in 2012 with Tristan MacManus.
They became the first couple on that series to be voted off by the judges due to a few stumbles.
One of Anderson's campaigns as a member of PETA has been against the use of fur.
In February 2006, Anderson decided to boycott the Kentucky Derby because of its support for Kentucky Fried Chicken.
In March 2006, Anderson asked to speak to Prime Minister Stephen Harper about the annual seal hunt but was refused.
In May 2006, she petitioned individuals on the street for their opinion on the Canadian Seal Hunt.
She joined forces with the organization again in a campaign for the boycott of fruit-juice maker POM.
In some parts of the world, women are forced to cover their whole bodies with burqas – is that next?
After becoming the official spokesmodel, Anderson raised money during events in Toronto, Tokyo, Dublin, and Athens.
Anderson married Tommy Lee, drummer of Mötley Crüe, on February 19, 1995, after knowing him for 96 hours/4 days.
Dylan Jagger Lee was named for Anderson's great grandfather, Dale Jagger Grosco who fought in World War II.
Although divorced, the couple reunited briefly upon Lee's release from prison but eventually split again in 2001.
After the 1998 divorce, Anderson became engaged to the model Marcus Schenkenberg; they broke up in 2001.
She then became engaged to the singer Kid Rock ; she broke up with him in 2003.
On July 18, 2006, it was announced that she would marry Kid Rock on July 29, 2006, on a yacht near St Tropez, France.
In September 2007, Anderson told talk show host Ellen DeGeneres that she was engaged.
On September 29, Anderson and film producer Rick Salomon applied for a marriage license in Las Vegas.
In February 2007, Anderson said that she still often had sex with Lee since their divorce.
In mid-2008 Lee said that they were going to try again to make things work together.
In January 2014, she announced that she had remarried Salomon on an unspecified date.
The tape was successfully blocked by Michaels, but a four-minute sex tape is still available on the Internet.
She became a vegetarian in her early teens when she saw her father cleaning an animal he had hunted.
She spent part of her childhood in Europe as her father served a tour of duty with the Air Force there.
Austin married Charles W. Britt in Santa Clara, California on October 27, 1963.
Together they had one child, son Beau C. Britt, who was born on June 17, 1964.
She then married Guy Franklin McElwaine in Los Angeles, California on July 17, 1965.
Born in New York City, Bellwood studied with Sanford Meisner at the Neighborhood Playhouse.
She is currently married to photographer Nik Wheeler and continues to perform in film and on stage.
She studied dance, played sports, and dreamed of becoming a Radio City Rockette in order to meet her idols, The Beatles.
Along with the cast, Blair won the 1976 Theatre World Award for Ensemble Performance for the show.
Her turn as an eager to work prostitute earned her a Drama Desk Award nomination.
She married actor and director, Don Scardino in 1984, and they divorced in 1991.
She was born in Oakland, California as Adele Pearce, and performed under that name until 1942.
Her film career lasted for a little over fifteen years, with her starring mostly in B-movies.
This helped her to secure several other western acting roles, many times as the lead heroine.
In 1939 she starred in five films, one of which was a crime drama, one a mystery, and one a western.
In total she had roles in some fifty four films, as well as a number of starring roles in certain television series.
Her second marriage was to actor, television producer and writer Mike Stokey, which also ended in divorce.
Pamela Blake's third marriage was to John Canavan, a retired Air Force master sergeant.
Blake died of natural causes in a Las Vegas, Nevada care facility in 2009, at age 94. 
Her mother was Ethel Owen , a prominent stage, radio, and early television actress.
Owen's father, Raymond G. Owen, was a doctor who died when the actress was 20 years old.
She had two sisters: Virginia, an actress under contract to RKO Radio Pictures; and Mary, a social worker.
After the wedding, he was posted to Italy on active service and Britton continued working.
After the war, Steel worked as an advertising executive and went on to manage the Gene Autry hotels .


She has acted alongside several Hollywood stars including Keanu Reeves, Josh Brolin, Melanie Griffith, and Jon Cryer.
Her character was the first to be introduced on the show's official website before any of the episodes had aired.
She was married to martial arts actor James Lew from 2005 to 2008 when they divorced. 
She has been married to noted television executive producer, E. Duke Vincent, since 1982. 
The setting in the revival was moved from Long Island to Harlem and the production was given an all-black cast.
In 2001, Isaacs won an Obie Award for her performance as the Starbucks barista in the off-Broadway play.
Isaacs was nominated for the 1997 Tony and Drama Desk Award as Best Actress in a Musical for The Life.
In 2001, Isaacs won an Obie Award for her performance as the Starbucks barista in the off-Broadway play. 
Reed was born in Tacoma, Washington, the daughter of Vernie and Norma Reed.
 Pamela Susan Shoop Pamela Susan Shoop is an American character actress in film and on television.
From 1965 to 1974 she appeared mainly in European exploitation films before retiring to be with her family.
Her first marriage was to Clay Felker, the American magazine editor, from 1962 until the couple divorced in 1969.
Her second marriage is to Edmondo Danon, son of Italian movie producer Marcello Danon.
 Pamela Winslow Pamela Winslow is an actress who appeared in film and television roles in the early 1990s.
She is originally from Maplewood, New Jersey, where she attended Columbia High School.
 Pamelyn Ferdin Pamelyn Wanda Ferdin is an American former child actress and animal rights activist.
The incumbent, Kevin Kjonaas, resigned after being indicted on charges of conspiracy and interstate stalking.
When Kjonaas and six other SHAC activists were jailed in 2006, Ferdin vowed to continue the campaign.
This was part of her protest against public efforts to control the coyote population near suburban homes.
She served 36 hours and was released for serving the full sentence due to prison over crowding.
In 2008, Ferdin was convicted of contempt of court, after allegedly violating an injunction.
The conviction was overturned and she is now suing UCLA for harassment in federal court.
The Paris Region covers 12,012 square kilometres , and has its own regional council and president.
It had a population of 12,005,077 as of January 2014, or 18.2 percent of the population of France.
Paris was founded in the 3rd century BC by a Celtic people called the Parisii, who gave the city its name.
In 2014 Paris received 22.4 million visitors, making it one of the world's top tourist destinations.
Paris is home to the association football club Paris Saint-Germain and the rugby union club Stade Français.
Paris hosts the annual French Open Grand Slam tennis tournament on the red clay of Roland Garros.
Paris played host to the 1900 and 1924 Summer Olympics, the 1938 and 1998 FIFA World Cups, and the 2007 Rugby World Cup.
Opened in 1900, the city's subway system, the Paris Métro, serves 4.5 million passengers daily.
In the 1860s, the boulevards and streets of Paris were illuminated by 56,000 gas lamps.
It became a prosperous city with a forum, baths, temples, theatres, and an amphitheatre.
According to tradition, it was brought by Saint Denis, the first Bishop of Paris.
Clovis the Frank, the first king of the Merovingian dynasty, made the city his capital from 508.
In 987 Hugh Capet, Count of Paris , Duke of the Franks was elected King of the Franks .
Under the rule of the Capetian kings, Paris gradually became the largest and most prosperous city in France.
By the end of the 12th century, Paris had become the political, economic, religious, and cultural capital of France.
The merchants who controlled the trade on the river formed a league and quickly became a powerful force.
A century later, during the French Wars of Religion, Paris was a stronghold of the Catholic League.
Paris was the centre of an explosion of philosophic and scientific activity known as the Age of Enlightenment.
In the summer of 1789, Paris became the centre stage of the French Revolution.
Louis XVI and the royal family were brought to Paris and made virtual prisoners within the Tuileries Palace.
On 28 March, a revolutionary government called the Paris Commune seized power in Paris.
Paris became the laboratory of Naturalism and Symbolism , and of Impressionism in art 20th and 21st century.
In May 1968, protesting students occupied the Sorbonne and put up barricades in the Latin Quarter.
Thousands of Parisian blue-collar workers joined the students, and the movement grew into a two-week general strike.
The May 1968 events in France resulted in the breakup of the University of Paris into 13 independent campuses.
It was highly controversial, and it remains the only building in the centre of the city over 32 storeys high.
On 5 April 2014, Anne Hidalgo, a socialist, was elected the first female mayor of Paris.
The river's mouth on the English Channel is about downstream of the city, established around 7600 BC.
Overall, the city is relatively flat, and the lowest point is above sea level.
From the 1860 area of , the city limits were expanded marginally to in the 1920s.
Paris has a typical Western European oceanic climate which is affected by the North Atlantic Current.
Summer days are usually warm and pleasant with average temperatures hovering between , and a fair amount of sunshine.
Each year, however, there are a few days where the temperature rises above .
Spring and autumn have, on average, mild days and fresh nights but are changing and unstable.
In winter, sunshine is scarce; days are cold but generally above freezing with temperatures around .
Light night frosts are however quite common, but the temperature will dip below for only a few days a year.
Paris has an average annual precipitation of , and experiences light rainfall distributed evenly throughout the year.
The highest recorded temperature is on 28 July 1948, and the lowest is a on 10 December 1879.
Mayor Bertrand Delanoë was elected by only a minority of city voters, but a majority of council members.
Once elected, the council plays a largely passive role in the city government; it meets only once a month.
The number of city employees, or agents, grew from 40,000 in 2000 to 73,000 in 2013.
The city debt grew from €1.6 billion in 2000 to 3.1 billion in 2012, with a debt of €3.65 billion expected for 2014.
As a result of the growing debt, the bond rating of the city was lowered from AAA to AA+ in both 2012 and 2013.
The next elections for the Regional council will take place 6 and 13 December 2015.
As the capital of France, Paris is the seat of France's national government.
For the executive, the two chief officers each have their own official residences, which also serve as their offices.
It supervises the units of the National Police who patrol the city and the three neighbouring departments.
Vans of CRS agents are frequently seen in the centre of the city when there are demonstrations and public events.
These demonstrations, usually managed by a strong police presence, can turn confrontational and escalate into violence.
The high residential population of its city centre makes it much different from most other western global cities.
Paris is the eighth most expensive city in the world for luxury housing: in 2007 .
The total number of residences in the city of Paris in 2011 was , up from a former high of in 2006.
Among these, were main residences, were secondary residences, and the remaining 7.3 percent were empty .
Fifty-six percent of the homeless were born outside of France, the largest number coming from Africa and Eastern Europe.
This makes Paris the fifth largest municipality in the European Union, following London, Berlin, Madrid and Rome.
The population of Paris today is lower than its historical peak of 2.9 million in 1921.
A large migration of ethnic Chinese arrived in the 1970s; In 2011 27,801 Parisians were of Chinese birth.
In 2012 there were 10,019 persons born in the U.S. and 7,827 persons born in the United Kingdom living in Paris.
The largest number came from sub-Saharan Africa ; Algeria ; Portugal ; Morocco ; and Tunisia .
The Paris Region is France's premier centre of economic activity, with a 2012 GDP of €624 billion .
In 2011, its GDP ranked second among the regions of Europe and its per-capita GDP was the 4th highest in Europe.
In 2015 it hosts the world headquarters of 29 of the 31 Fortune Global 500 companies located in France.
In the survey, it is joined among the most expensive European cities by Oslo, Zurich, Geneva and Copenhagen.
Nineteen percent of Paris employees work for the State in either in administration or education.
In 2012, 14 percent of households in the city earned less than €977 per month, the official poverty line.
Greater Paris received 22,4 million visitors in 2014, making it one of the world's top tourist destinations.
In 2014, visitors to Paris spent $17 billion , the third-highest sum globally after London and New York.
The city's top tourist attraction was the Notre Dame Cathedral, which welcomed 14 million visitors in 2013.
The Louvre museum had more than 9.2 million visitors in 2013, making it the most visited museum in the world.
The Hotel Meurice, opened for British travellers in 1817, was one of the first luxury hotels in Paris.
The French Revolution and political and social change in France had a profound influence on art in the capital.
Paris was central to the development of Romanticism in art, with painters such as Gericault.
Impressionism, Art Nouveau, Symbolism, Fauvism Cubism and Art Deco movements all evolved in Paris.
The work of Étienne-Jules Marey in the 1880s contributed considerably to the birth of modern photography.
Photography came to occupy a central role in Parisian Surrealist activity, in the works of Man Ray and Maurice Tabard.
The Louvre was the world's most visited art museum in 2014, with 9.3 million visitors.
The original building - a railway station - was constructed for the Universal Exhibition of 1900.
Paris hosts one of the largest science museums in Europe, the Cité des Sciences et de l'Industrie at La Villette.
Philharmonie de Paris, the modern symphonic concert hall of Paris, opened in January 2015.
The Casino de Paris presented many famous French singers, including Mistinguett, Maurice Chevalier, and Tino Rossi.
The Olympia Paris has presented Edith Piaf, Marlene Dietrich, Miles Davis, Judy Garland, and the Grateful Dead.
A half dozen music halls exist today in Paris, attended mostly visitors to the city.
Almost all the books published in Paris in the Middle Ages were in Latin, rather than French.
Since that time, because of high prices, some publishers have moved out to the less expensive areas.
A group of Parisian aristocrats, known as Trouvères, became known for their poetry and songs.
Paris became a major centre for jazz and still attracts jazz musicians from all around the world to its clubs and cafés.
Some of the finest manouche musicians in the world are found here playing the cafés of the city at night.
Some of the more notable jazz venues include the New Morning, Le Sunset, La Chope des Puces and Bouquet du Nord.
In 2015, of the 29 Michelin three-star restaurants in France, nine are located in Paris.
In addition to the classical restaurants, Paris has several other kinds of traditional eating places.
A brasserie originally was a tavern located next to a brewery, which served beer and food at any hour.
It was broken up into thirteen autonomous universities in 1970, following the student demonstrations in 1968.
There are also many business schools, including HEC, INSEAD, ESSEC, and ESCP Europe.
The Parisian school of journalism CELSA department of the Paris-Sorbonne University is located in Neuilly-sur-Seine.
Bibliothèque Mazarine, in the 6th arrondissement, is the oldest public library in France.
The Médiathèque Musicale Mahler in the 8th arrondissement opened in 1986 and contains collections related to music.
There are an additional 10 Eastern Orthodox parishes, and bishops for the Armenian and Ukrainian Orthodox Churches.
The Saint George's Anglican Church in the 16th arrondissement is the principal Anglican church in the city.
The Grand Mosque of Paris, the oldest mosque in Paris, was dedicated in 1926.
It hosts several different schools of Buddhism, and does not have a single leader.
There are two other small temples located in the Asian community in the 13th arrondissement.
A Hindu temple, dedicated to Ganesh, on Rue Pajol in the 18th arrondissement, opened in 1985.
Paris played host to the 1900 and 1924 Olympic Games and was a candidate city for the Olympics in 1992, 2008 and 2012.
Also hosted at the Stade de France, two UEFA Champions League Finals in the current century: 2000 and 2006 editions.
By road, Brussels can be reached in three hours, Frankfurt in six hours and Barcelona in 12 hours.
Cyclists have also been given the right to ride in both directions on certain one-way streets.
More than €26.5 billion will be invested over the next 15 years to extend the Métro network into the suburbs.
From 1809, the Canal de l'Ourcq provided Paris with water from less-polluted rivers to the north-east of the capital.
Today Paris has more than of underground passageways dedicated to the evacuation of Paris' liquid wastes.
In 1982, Mayor Chirac introduced the motorcycle-mounted Motocrotte to remove dog faeces from Paris streets.
The air pollution in Paris, from the point of view of particulate matter , is the highest in France with 38 µg/m³.
One of the most notable hospitals is the Hôtel-Dieu, founded in 651, the oldest hospital in the city.
Agence France-Presse is France's oldest, and one of the world's oldest, continually operating news agencies.
AFP, as it is colloquially abbreviated, maintains its headquarters in Paris, as it has since 1835.
France 24 is a television news channel owned and operated by the French government, and is based in Paris.
Paris also holds the headquarters of the La Poste, France's national postal carrier.
In 2012, Hilton announced her DJ career and made her debut at the São Paulo Pop Music Festival.
That same year, she also returned to music, signing a record deal with Cash Money Records.
There are 44 Paris Hilton stores worldwide, with products including perfumes, handbags, watches and footwear.
As a child she was friends with other socialites, including Nicole Richie and Kim Kardashian.
Her freshman year of high school was spent at the Marywood-Palm Valley School in Rancho Mirage, California.
At age 16, Hilton spent one year at the Provo Canyon School for emotionally troubled teens.
When she was 19 she signed with Donald Trump's modeling agency, T Management.
That year Hilton became engaged to fashion model Jason Shaw, but they broke up in early 2003.
The series premiered on December 2, 2003, shortly after the release of Hilton's sex tape.
In 2003, Hilton began a relationship with singer Nick Carter which lasted until the following year.
Originally planned for a small release, high demand led to increased availability by December 2004.
Its introduction was followed by a 47-percent increase in Parlux sales, primarily of the Hilton-branded perfume.
After this success Parlux released several more perfumes with her name, including fragrances for men.
The movie, first screened at the Tribeca Film Festival, opened in May 2005 to mixed reviews.
From May to October 2005, she was engaged to Greek shipping heir Paris Latsis.
The website, which charged for online access to the material, had 1.2 million visitors in just over 40 hours.
The next month, she was caught driving 70 mph in a 35-mph zone without headlights at night with a suspended license.
On May 4, Hilton was sentenced by Judge Michael T. Sauer to 45 days in jail for the probation violation.
Hilton told King during the interview that she had taken Adderall for ADHD since childhood.
In mid-August, she introduced a line of tops, dresses, coats and jeans at the Kitson Boutique in Los Angeles.
An immediate pledge of $1.2 billion was made, with a further $1.1 billion due after his death.
Barron cited the actions of his father, Conrad N. Hilton, as the motivation for his pledge.
In 2007, Hilton modeled for 2 B Free and introduced her fourth perfume, Can Can.
She was nominated for the 2009 Razzie Award for Worst Supporting Actress for the role.
The series was successful; its first episode was watched by 428,000 viewers, and 605,000 viewers watched its finale.
The British series' runner-up, Kat McKenzie, died on July 3, 2009 from a suspected drug overdose.
She introduced the line on October 7, 2009, and the collection became available in stores in March 2010.
As part of the campaign, she rode the brewery's float in the Rio Carnival.
On July 2, Hilton was accused of smoking marijuana at the 2010 FIFA World Cup game between Brazil and the Netherlands.
Although she was escorted from the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium by local police, the case was later dismissed.
On August 10 Hilton released her 10th fragrance, Tease, which was inspired by Marilyn Monroe.
To avoid a felony conviction, Hilton pled guilty to two misdemeanors on September 17, 2010.
Under Japan's strict drug laws, travelers convicted of a drug crime are usually denied entry into the country.
On September 22 Japanese authorities denied Hilton entry, and she was put on a plane back to the United States.
Other stops on their Asian promotional tour were canceled due to Indonesia and Malaysia's anti-drug laws.
So when I'm watching this, it's kind of like watching grandma's dog.
The film aired on November 28, 2010 and received good ratings, with 2.611 million viewers.
Around that time, she introduced a mobile application which became available for iPhone and iPod touch.
The store, in the Abreeza Mall in Davao City, featured bags, earrings, wallets, belts, caps and perfumes.
It was not a success, however, which led to a belief that Hilton's popularity was fading.
Hilton appeared on the show with her boyfriend, Las Vegas nightclub owner Cy Waits, with whom she broke up in June.
She was reportedly paid $1 million for her appearance in the video, which premiered in 3D in October 2012.
As a result of her remarks, Logo TV canceled plans to air a documentary about her .
That month Hilton began a relationship with Spanish model River Viiperi, and opened a store in Mecca in early November.
In early December she modeled for designers Shane and Falguni Peacock at India Fashion Week, also appearing as a DJ.
Like her debut, although her set was criticized after a YouTube video was posted the audience enjoyed it.
On April 24 Hilton opened a store in Bogotá, Colombia, the 44th Paris Hilton store.
Hilton added that although she is a wealthy heiress, she has worked since she was a teenager.
The film premiered at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival, and opened in theaters on June 14.
In addition to appearing in the film, she loaned Coppola her house for two weeks of shooting.
The critically acclaimed film was a box-office success during its opening weekend, grossing $210,000 in five theaters.
In July 2015 Hilton starred alongside Verne Troyer in a UK TV commercial for bgo online casino.
Hilton's absence from the news was an apparent response to a new generation of tabloid consumers uninterested in her.
 Parvati Melton Parvathi Melton is an Indian American actress and former model who mainly works in Telugu Film Industry.
Parvathi was born in California to a German father Sham Melton and an Indian Punjabi mother Darika Preet.
Parvathi stated that she was named by her father, who though being German practices Hinduism.
She graduated from Emeryville High School and attended Vista Community College in Berkeley, California.
Teen India Bay Area pageant in 2004 and the Miss India Le Visage USA pageant in 2005.
She speaks fluent English, Hindi, Urdu and rudimentary Punjabi, Gujarati and Telugu.
Although she intended to go back to school but the film's success kept her away. 
 Pat Anderson Pat Anderson is an American actress best known for her work in 1970s exploitation films.
 Pat Bond Pat Bond was an American actress who starred on stage and on television, as well as in motion pictures.
She was openly lesbian and in many cases she was the first gay woman people saw on stage.
Having accepted her homosexuality by this point, she was interested in meeting other lesbians.
She acted as a nurse for soldiers returning from the South Pacific and also served in occupied Japan.
In 1947, in Tokyo, 500 women were dishonorably discharged from the army on the charge of homosexuality.
Her marriage license afforded Bond an honorable discharge from the army on July 3, 1947.
Following her discharge from the army, Pat moved to San Francisco and became involved in the gay culture there.
By the late 1970s/80s, she was performing four one woman shows in theaters around the country.
The show was a huge success and was televised repeatedly on PBS stations across the country.
Her one woman shows were often sold out events and she became famous for her incredible comic timing.
She was on the board of directors of Theater Rhinoceros in San Francisco and directed a number of plays there.
She died of emphysema on Christmas Eve, 1990, in Marin County, California, aged 65.
Her personal papers and photo albums were donated to the Gay and Lesbian Historical Society.
In 1992, The Pat Bond Memorial Old Dyke Award was founded in her honor.
The award goes to recognize Bay Area lesbians over 60 who have made outstanding contributions to the world. 
Carroll is an Emmy, Drama Desk, and Grammy Award winner and a Tony Award nominee.
In interviews, Carroll has referred to the role as one of the favorites of her career.
It's not a new argument, to be sure; female Hamlets stretch back into history.
Carroll married Lee Karsian in 1955 and they had three children - two daughters, Kerry and Tara Karsian and a son, Sean.
In 1991 Carroll received an honorary doctorate from Siena College in Albany, New York. 
Crowley was born in Olyphant, Pennsylvania to Vincent, a coal mining foreman, and Helen Crowley.
, instead of Priest, as Watson was under contract to the studio and it had plans to make her a film star.
She was restoring and selling homes in Idaho, where she has lived for over two decades, but she is now retired.
She has been treated for lymphoma in recent years; her exact condition remains undisclosed.
She finished maintenance treatments at St. Luke's Mountain States Tumor Institute and is now in remission. 
Since 1980 she had been married to third husband, actor and artist Gerry Matthews.
Born in Russia, her family fled to Paris after her father refused to partake in pogroms.
An animal rights advocate, she presented with her cherished 1926 Steinway baby grand piano.
Her daughter, Sean Catherine Derek, requested it be sold to help as many animals in need as possible. 
Her family has longstanding ties to Colby-Sawyer College, where the family papers, including her own, are archived.
Patience Cleveland married Peter S. Hobbs on October 24, 1965 in Los Angeles, California.
Patience Cleveland died from cancer in Santa Monica, California, four days after her 73rd birthday. 
She also has a sister, Benita, who looks like her but is two years younger.
Martinez and Camhi divorced, so she appeared as Patrice Martinez from Season Three on. 
By the time she reached adulthood, she was an accomplished dancer with a good singing voice.
At the age of 23, she married the 41-year-old actor in October 1950 at the Lutheran Church, Nice, France.
She temporarily retired from Hollywood after giving birth to her daughter, Arnella Flynn, born December 25, 1953.
Although only in his forties, Flynn was already in a physical and mental decline by the time they married.
They never divorced, however, and were still married at the time of his death on October 14, 1959.
After her retirement she returned to Jamaica, where she opened a boutique and wicker furniture manufacturing business.
Her grandson Luke noted 'she was as passionate about her farm as much as the movies'.
She is survived by her grandson Luke Flynn who remembered her as 'a tough, resilient and elegant woman'. 
Since March 2015, she has played the leading role of Special Agent Avery Ryan in the ' spinoff series '.
At the age of seven, the family relocated to Chicago, and later settled in Los Angeles, California.
The film was a moderate success, although some critics were deterred by the graphic violence.
The film, with its ambiguous narrative, polarised critics upon its release but established a strong cult following.
Produced on a budget of $29 million, the film was a box office success, grossing $50,046,268.
The film was met with mixed reviews and was screened out of competition at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival.
The film details the progression of her character's son, Mason, from ages 8 to 18.
They separated after nine months, but acted as a couple in public until Cage filed for divorce in February 2000.
Arquette and actor Thomas Jane became engaged in 2002 and have a daughter, Harlow Olivia Calliope Jane .
Arquette and Jane subsequently married on June 25, 2006, at the Palazzo Contarini in Venice, Italy.
She has also worked with Eracism Foundation, Libby Ross Foundation, The Art of Elysium, and The Heart Truth.
Most recently, she made a television commercial on behalf of PETA for homeless dogs and cats.
In 1997, after her mother died of breast cancer, Arquette worked to raise awareness about the disease.
 Patricia Blair Patricia Blair was an American television and film actress, primarily on 1950s and 1960s television.
Patsy Lou Blake was born in Fort Worth, Texas and grew up in Dallas.
In the late 1950s she appeared as the second female lead in several films for Warner Bros. and later for MGM.
After the show ended in 1970, she appeared in a few minor films and television spots.
Aged 13, intending to become an actress, she adopted her mother's maiden name as her professional surname.
In 1948, the family moved to New York City, where Bosworth attended the Chapin School.
Bosworth eloped in 1952 with an art student, ending the marriage after a year.
She was hired by Diane and Allan Arbus to pose with a male model for a magazine ad for the Greyhound bus company.
She was married to photographer and theatre director Tom Palumbo, who died in October 2008.
Bosworth is the author of biographies on Montgomery Clift , Diane Arbus and Marlon Brando .
Patricia Breslin was born in New York City, one of three children born to Edward and Marjorie Breslin.
Her father was a Catholic of Irish descent and her mother was of Scottish descent.
She graduated from the Academy of Mount St. Ursula High School and the College of New Rochelle.
Breslin had two sons from her first marriage to character actor David Orrick McDearmon , sons John and David.
Shortly after their marriage, Modell legally adopted Patricia's sons and they took his surname.
The family lived in Waite Hill, Ohio, then later Owings Mills, Maryland with a total of six grandchildren between them.
Breslin died on October 12, 2011, at the age of eighty after a lengthy hospitalization with pancreatitis.
Her husband, Art Modell had been a major contributor to the restoration of the basilica.
Patricia Charbonneau was born in Valley Stream, New York on Long Island, the youngest of 10 children.
The story of the Conservatory Theater is chronicled in the documentary The Loss of Nameless Things.
She was active in the Drama Club at John Foster Dulles High School in Sugar Land, TX .
She has written and produced programming with the A&E, Bravo, CBS, and VH1 networks.
She is a member of the Directors Guild, the Writers Guild, and SAG-AFTRA.
She also released a public service announcement talking about her experiences growing up in New Orleans.
She was signed to an MGM contract in 1941 and is sometimes known as Pat Dane in films.
Following her divorce from Dorsey, she resumed her movie career at the low-budget Monogram Pictures studio .
Patricia Dane died in 1995 in Blountstown, Florida, aged 75, from lung cancer. 

She reprised her role when the production was restaged for television on PBS in 1978.
Born Patricia Leftwich in Birmingham, Michigan, Ellis began her stage career after leaving school.
Given a film test while appearing on stage in New York, she was put under contract by Warner Bros..
That same year, she was one of fourteen girls chosen as WAMPAS Baby Stars; Ellis, at 16, was the youngest.
After that film, her career took off, with her starring mostly in lower-budget B-movies but still working steadily.
She starred in five films that year, then only three in 1938, and finally just two in 1939.
Hardy, who was originally from Brooklyn, New York, was of Irish descent.
The couple married in June 1958 and remained together until Egan's death in July 1987.
Hardy died of colon cancer at her home in Brentwood, Los Angeles, California on August 20, 2011, aged 79. 

She is the second Asian female to portray a Power Ranger, being preceded by the late Thuy Trang.
Patricia is also a voice actor, showcasing her voice in many English dubbed adaptations of Japanese anime.
Here, she is credited as Patricia Lee, although she referred to herself as Patricia Ja Lee in the first videos.
She has since been replaced for the second series of promotional videos by Cristina Vee.
Patricia recently appeared in an advertisement for Oscar Mayer bologna as a spelling bee judge.
Kalember was born in Schenectady, New York, the daughter of Vivian Daisy and Robert James Kalember.
After meeting actor Cornel Wilde at a booking agent's office in late 1936, the couple eloped to Elkton, Maryland.
She married Danish businessman Niels Larson on October 24, 1954, and moved with him to Europe.
Many reference books state that Lake's parents were Marion Davies' sister Rose and her first husband, George Van Cleeve.
It was reported that Hearst and Davies took her on trips to Europe and spent time with her.
Lake lived with Marion Davies for the major portion of her life and Hearst financially supported Lake all of her life.
After Lake's marriage, Davies continued to support both Patricia and her husband Arthur.
When Davies died in 1961, half of her 20 million dollar estate was left to Lake as an inheritance.
Patricia first met actor Arthur Lake when he was visiting at Marion Davies' beach house.
This would have made her 14 years old at the time of her marriage if 1923 was the true year of her birth.
Patricia and Arthur remained married for nearly 50 years until his death in January 1987.
Both Patricia and her husband are interred in the same crypt as Marion Davies at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery.



She was lauded as a beauty with large eyes and extremely long, dark hair.
She lives in Los Angeles, California, where she celebrated her 100th birthday on March 19, 2015.
Her father, William Morison, was a playwright and occasional actor who billed himself under the name Norman Rainey.
During this time she was employed as a dress shop designer at Russeks Department Store.
Hayes, however, never missed a performance and Morison never had the opportunity to play the lead role.
In 1944, Morison briefly abandoned her film work and returned to the Broadway stage.
The play, however, was unsuccessful and closed after a very brief run of only 20 performances.
In 1948, Morison again abandoned her film career and returned to the stage, and achieved her greatest success.
The play ran on Broadway from December 30, 1948 until July 28, 1951, for a total of 1,077 performances.
She played the role at the Municipal Theatre in St. Louis, Missouri; the production opened on June 11, 1959.
During the 1950s and 1960s, Morison made several appearances on television, including several variety shows.
Throughout the 1960s and 1970s, Morison performed on stage numerous times — largely in stock and touring productions.
Never married and childless, she has lived in the Park La Brea, Los Angeles apartment complex since 1961.
Neal was born Patsy Louise Neal, in Packard, Whitley County, Kentucky to William Burdette Neal and Eura Mildred Neal.
At one point in their relationship, Cooper slapped Neal in the face after he caught Kirk Douglas trying to seduce her.
Reagan was unhappy over his breakup with Jane Wyman, adding to what would be a depressing shoot for Neal.
Neal met British writer Roald Dahl at a dinner party hosted by Lillian Hellman in 1951.
In the early 1960s, the couple suffered through grievous injury to one child and the death of another.
However, on November 17, 1962, their daughter, Olivia, died at age 7 from measles encephalitis.
While pregnant in 1965, Neal suffered three burst cerebral aneurysms, and was in a coma for three weeks.
On August 4, 1965, she gave birth to a healthy daughter, Lucy.
The center provides intense treatment for stroke, spinal cord, and brain injury patients.
She regularly visited the center in Knoxville, providing encouragement to its patients and staff.
Neal died at her home in Edgartown, Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts on August 8, 2010, from lung cancer.
Neal had been a longtime supporter of the abbey's open-air theatre and arts program. 
Rae, who is of Colombian ancestry, was born in Manhattan and spent her childhood in Queens.
Patricia was a very precocious child, quite talkative, and used her humor to deflect bad behavior.
Rae earned a series of awards in regional and statewide competitions with her drama troupe.
Richardson was born in Bethesda, Maryland as the third daughter of Mary Elizabeth and Laurence Baxter Richardson.
Her sisters' names are Marianna 'Ann' Bales , Lynn Richardson and Catherine 'Cathy' Moseley .
Richardson attended the Holton-Arms School in Maryland and then The Hockaday School in Dallas, Texas.
In 2015 she ran for the position of national president of the SAG-AFTRA after having served on the board for many years.
Richardson is the godmother of actress Betty Gilpin, the daughter of actor Jack Gilpin.
Smith's character went undercover to capture a husband/wife serial killer team targeting rich widows.
Smith continued to appear in supporting roles on television and in films through the late 1990s.
Smith, a diabetic for many years, died of heart failure on January 2, 2011 in Los Angeles, California, aged 80. 
In a 2001 episode of the TV series Sheena she guest starred as the villain Caroline Dula.
In May 2015, Tallman played the wife in a comedy called A Logic Called Joe at the second Sci-Fest LA.
Tallman is a leading fund-raiser for Penny Lane, a center for abused children in California.
She worked extensively in Europe and America and was featured in national/international commercials, and film work.
She formed her own musical band, which performed on the New York circuit from 1998-2001.
She then relocated to her native Texas where she currently tours extensively in the U.S., Mexico and Europe.
Wettig was born in Milford, Ohio, to Florence and Clifford Neal Wettig, a high school basketball coach.
She was raised in Grove City, Pennsylvania and graduated from Grove City High School in 1970.
She returned to her studies later in life and received a Master of Fine Arts in playwriting from Smith College in 2001.
Although Wettig has acted in a number of films , she is best known for her work on television.
Her character was the co-CEO at Ojai Foods with Sarah Walker, the daughter of William Walker.
Wettig is married to actor and producer Ken Olin; they have two children, Clifford and Roxanne .
During this time, she was approached by Cole Porter to promote a ballad which he had written for a new musical.
Presley's schedule usually meant his arriving late on the set, which in turn meant that he missed out on the treats.
Garrett baked him a special batch which he brought with him to Las Vegas where he was scheduled to perform.
On November 28, 2004, California's Desert Theater League awarded Garrett its lifetime achievement award.
She continued to appear in local theater productions in and around the Palm Springs, California area.
 Patsy Kelly Patsy Kelly was an American stage, radio, film and television actress.
After her film career declined in the mid-1940s, Kelly returned to New York where she worked in radio and summer stock.
She also became a lifelong friend, personal assistant, and frequent lover of Tallulah Bankhead.
Kelly returned to the screen after 17 years with guest spots on television and in film roles.
Kelly was born Sarah Veronica Rose Kelly in Brooklyn to Irish immigrants parents John and Delia Kelly .
While in vaudeville, she performed in Frank Fay's act, first in a song-and-dance routine and later as Fay's comic foil.
In one routine, Kelly told Fay and the audience that she had been at the beauty parlor.
Kelly, like other New York actors, made her screen debut in a Vitaphone short subject filmed there.
In 1933 producer Hal Roach hired Kelly to co-star with Thelma Todd in a series of short-subject comedies.
She appeared in films for Producers Releasing Corporation, the smallest and cheapest of the movie studios.
After leaving Hollywood, Kelly returned to New York City where she worked in radio and did summer stock.
At a time when being openly gay was not socially acceptable, Kelly was open about her sexuality.
She later claimed she had an affair with Tallulah Bankhead when she worked as Bankhead's personal assistant.
In January 1980, Kelly suffered a stroke while in San Francisco which caused her to lose the ability to speak.
She is buried with her parents, John and Delia Kelly, in Calvary Cemetery in Queens.
Her roles gradually improved, and she was chosen as a WAMPAS Baby Star in 1922.
She won three O. Henry Awards for her short stories, wrote a novel, radio scripts, and plays.
Her first husband was film director Tay Garnett and the second was screenwriter John Lee Mahin.
Patsy Ruth Miller died at her home at the age of 91 in Palm Desert, California. 
In the late 1960s she was a model in London, where she met Cat Stevens and they developed a romance.
I left for a month, it wasn't the end of the world was it?
But he wrote this whole song about 'Lady D'Arbanville, why do you sleep so still.'
D'Arbanville had a relationship with singer/songwriter Cat Stevens years before he became known as Yusuf Islam.
D'Arbanville has been married three times, with each of her marriages ending in divorce.
She has done commercials for M&M Meat Shops, a Canadian food retailer.
Hansen, who is of Norwegian ancestry, was born and raised in Tottenville, Staten Island, the youngest of six children.
In 1993, Hansen returned to modeling when designer Calvin Klein used 1970s era models for his 1993 collection.
 Patti LuPone Patti Ann LuPone is an American actress and singer, best known for her work in stage musicals.
The production toured at length but Merrick deemed it unworthy of Broadway and it closed out of town.
And I had no support from the producers, who wanted a star performance onstage but treated me as an unknown backstage.
Despite the trouble, LuPone won her first Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical.
LuPone and her co-star, Mandy Patinkin, remained close friends both on and off the stage.
It was narrated by John Houseman, with LuPone in the roles of Moll and Sister Mister.
She starred opposite Howard McGillin, and they both received Tony Award nominations for their performances.
LuPone was nominated for a Tony Award, Drama Desk Award, and an Outer Critics Circle Award for her performance.
A piece she had previously performed, LuPone sang the role of Anna in the Kurt Weill and Bertolt Brecht score.
The run started on November 21, 2011 at the Ethel Barrymore Theater, and ended on January 13, 2012.
She is appearing as the inaugural act at a new cabaret space, 54 Below, in New York City in June 2012.
In it, Patti co-stars with Mira Sorvino, Tammy Blanchard, Mike Doyle, Michael Rispoli and Daphne Rubin-Vega.
LuPone has been the subject of some controversy due to the bluntness of her statements regarding this matter.
I am so defeated by this issue that I seriously question whether I want to work on stage anymore.
Now I’m putting battle gear on over my costume to marshal the audience as well as perform.
In December she released bonus tracks for that CD only available on iTunes and the Sh-K-Boom website.
 Patti McCarty Patti McCarty , in Healdsburg, Sonoma County, California was an American actress.
From 1941 through 1946 she was a Hollywood B movie actress and performed bit parts in twenty-three films.
She died on July 7, 1985, in Honolulu, Hawaii at the age of 64. 
Her paternal grandparents, James and Katness Duke, immigrated to New York from County Longford, Ireland.
Their father was an alcoholic and their mother suffered from clinical depression and was prone to violence.
About midway through the production-run, her name was placed above the title on the marquee.
The play was subsequently made into a 1962 film, for which Duke received the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.
At 16 Duke was the youngest person at that time to receive an Academy Award in a competitive category.
Sheldon asked Duke to spend a week with his family at their home to generate ideas.
The show also featured such high-profile guest stars as Sammy Davis, Jr., Peter Lawford, Paul Lynde, and Sal Mineo.
The Rosses controlled her and her mother by allowing them only a small amount of money to survive on.
One of her co-stars was a young actor making his screen debut, Al Pacino.
The film was a box-office failure, but Duke won the Golden Globe for Best Actress for the role.
Duke gradually reduced her work schedule throughout the first decade of 2000, but took occasional TV and film roles.
On November 2, 2004, Duke announced that she would undergo single cardiac bypass surgery in Idaho.
In 1987, Duke revealed in her autobiography that she was diagnosed with manic depression in 1982.
On March 6, 2010, Duke was awarded the honorary Doctor of Humane Letters from the University of Maryland Eastern Shore.
In 1965, Duke married her first husband, director Harry Falk, who was 13 years her senior.
Around the same time, Duke developed an intimate relationship with rock promoter Michael Tell.
In June 1970, in the midst of a manic phase, Duke learned she was pregnant.
Astin adopted Sean and the couple had another son, actor Mackenzie, in 1973.
Duke married her fourth and current husband, drill sergeant Michael Pearce, in 1986.
The couple moved to Hayden, Idaho and adopted a son, Kevin, who was born in 1988.
Hearst was found 19 months after her kidnapping, by which time she was a fugitive wanted for serious crimes.
She was held in custody, despite speculation that her family's resources would prevent her spending time in jail.
Hearst's sentence was commuted by President Jimmy Carter, and she was pardoned by President Bill Clinton.
The family was associated with immense political influence and anti-Communism going back to before World War II.
She attended Crystal Springs School for Girls in Hillsborough and the Santa Catalina School in Monterey.
Her parents did not consider it necessary to take any measures for her personal security.
On February 4, 1974, the 19-year-old Hearst was kidnapped from her Berkeley, California apartment.
Its purpose was the tutelage of black inmates, and over time the ethos became increasingly radicalized.
Eventually, black convicts were viewed as heroic political prisoners, victimised by a racist American society.
The SLA was led by DeFreeze, who after a prison acquaintance named Wheeler left, was the only African American.
Hearst's kidnapping was partly opportunistic, as she lived close to the SLA hideout.
Hearst's kidnapping made the SLA, a small organization with few resources, front-page national news.
After this she was given lessons on her duties, especially weapons drills, every day.
Two men who entered the bank while the robbery was occurring were shot and wounded.
During the ensuing scuffle one of Harris's wrists was manacled, and his pistol fell out of his waistband.
Escaping from the area, Hearst and the Harrises hijacked two cars, abducting the owners.
One, a young man, found Hearst so personable that he was reluctant to report the incident.
They walked a few hundred yards from the car and hid in a crawlspace under a residential building.
Scott was never charged for facilitating a recrudescence of the SLA that resulted in murder.
Her first lawyer, Terence Hallinan, had advised Hearst not to talk to anyone, including psychiatrists.
Hearst alone was arraigned for the Hibernia Bank robbery, the trial commenced on January 15, 1976.
Judge Carter appeared to be 'resting his eyes' during testimony favorable to the defense by Dr West and others.
After a few months Hearst provided information, not on oath of SLA activities to the authorities.
What you know, and you know in your hearts to be true is beyond dispute.
On March 20, 1976 Hearst was convicted of bank robbery and using a firearm in a felony.
Because Judge Carter had died, William Horsley Orrick, Jr. decided on Hearst's sentence.
Hearst's bail was revoked in May 1978 when appeals failed and the Supreme Court declined to hear her case.
The Harrises were convicted on a simple kidnapping charge ; they were released after serving a total eight years each.
She recovered full rights when President Bill Clinton granted her a pardon on January 20, 2001.



It featured her as Dr. Claire Allen, a psychiatrist supervising a man named Trevor who thinks he is Cupid.
She and Jay Mohr played a divorced couple sparring while trying to be loving parents to their two kids.
Marshall was born in Rockville, Maryland; she graduated in 1982 from Robert E. Peary High School in Rockville.
Marshall married actor Danny Nucci in 2003; she gave birth to her first child in March 2005.
 Paula Miranda Paula Miranda is an American actress and fashion model of Mexican and Puerto Rican descent.
Miranda has been featured as a model in global campaigns for Coke, Crystal Light, McDonald’s, Kraft, and Target. 
Newsome began having an interest in acting as a child performing in community theater, before moving to New York City.
In 1950, she was put under contract by MGM, where she played opposite such leading men as Cary Grant and Dick Powell.
In 1962, Raymond was a passenger in a car that crashed into a tree on Sunset Boulevard.
After only a little more than a year of extensive plastic surgery and recovery she returned to acting.
In 1984, she broke both hips, and in 1994, she broke her shoulder.
In 1946, they divorced shortly after the birth of their daughter, Raeme Dorene Patterson.
In 2003, Raymond died at the age of 79 from a series of respiratory ailments.
She attended Shimer College in Mount Carroll, Illinois, then a women's junior college, and graduated in 1947.
She has performed in over 35 musicals and plays on Broadway and in major Summer Stock productions around the country.
Stewart did a two-page lingerie layout as a model for Picture Week in May 1956.
 Paula Stone Paula Stone was an actress in theater and motion pictures from New York City.
Her mother, Allene Crater Stone, acted with her father and was a singer.
The first New York show of the same production came at the New Amsterdam Theater in February.
In November 1940 she was cast with Marcy Wescott for the Dennis King musical show.
The two joined again in a play produced by the Theatre Guild in September 1950.
She signed with RKO Radio for a singing and dancing role in a musical in May 1935.
She was hired by WNEW in West Palm Beach, Florida, to broadcast the news and gossip of Broadway to servicemen.
She wrote the scripts for this program and later secured her own show on the Mutual Radio Network.
Stone announced that she intended to marry cafe owner Walter Mason in 1937, but she did not.
She wed orchestra leader Duke Daly in July 1939, at her home in Beverly Hills.
According to Goddard, her father left them, but according to J.R. Levy, Alta absconded with the child.
Goddard was raised by her mother, and did not meet her father again until the late 1930s, after she had become famous.
To avoid a custody battle, her mother and she moved often during her childhood, even relocating to Canada at one point.
He played a central role in Goddard's career, introducing her to Broadway impresario Florenz Ziegfeld.
It was, however, a flop and closed after only three days following its premiere in Atlantic City.
Aged 17, considerably younger than James, they married on June 28, 1927, in Rye, New York.
Following her divorce, she briefly visited Europe before returning to Hollywood in late 1930 with her mother.
Her second attempt at acting was no more successful than the first, as she landed work only as an extra.
Russell Birdwell, the head of Selznick's publicity department, had strong misgivings about Goddard.
During this period, her talent at accumulating wealth became a byword among the old Hollywood élite.
In May 1944, she married Burgess Meredith at David O. Selznick's Beverly Hills home.
She was the first stepmother to Chaplin's sons, Charles, Jr. and Sydney Chaplin, whose mother was Lita Grey.
However, various later documents mention different birth years and places, as well as names.
Goddard's name has also been cited as Pauline Goddard Levy and Pauline Marion Levy.
It was while working odd jobs in New York that a friend introduced her to an advertising agency director.
This prompted her move to Los Angeles, where she had a variety of bit parts and made several guest appearances.
As of August 2011, she had the highest Q Score of any actor on a U.S. prime time show.
In 2007, she began production on a documentary about U.S. civil rights attorney and author Mark Lane.
She started her master's degree in criminal science before ending up in the entertainment industry.

 Paulina Gretzky Paulina Mary Jean Gretzky is an American model, pop singer, and celebutante.
Gretzky is the eldest child of Wayne Gretzky and Janet Jones and has four siblings.
She is the granddaughter of Walter Gretzky and niece of Keith Gretzky and Brent Gretzky.
In August 2013, she became engaged to professional golfer Dustin Johnson after seven months of dating.
She gave birth to their son, Tatum Gretzky Johnson, on January 19, 2015.
Gretzky decided not to go to college in order to pursue a career in entertainment.
In 2014, AskMen ranked her #59 on their list of the most desirable women.

Frederick was born Pauline Beatrice Libbey in Boston in 1883 , the only child of Richard O. and Loretta C. Libbey.
Her father worked as a yardmaster for the Old Colony Railroad before becoming a salesman.
She studied acting, singing and dancing at Miss Blachard's Finishing School in Boston where she later graduated.
Her father, however, discouraged her ambitions to be an actress and encouraged her to become an elocution teacher.
A well-known stage star, Frederick was already in her 30s when she made her film debut in 1915.
Despite having reportedly made a million dollars for her work in silent films, Frederick filed for bankruptcy in 1933.
Her first marriage was to architect Frank Mills Andrews, whom she married in 1909.
After the marriage, Frederick retired from acting but returned after divorcing Andrews in 1913.
She married her second husband, playwright Willard Mack, on September 27, 1917.
Her third marriage was to Dr. Charles A. Rutherford, a physician, whom she married in Santa Ana, California in 1922.
Frederick's married her fourth husband, hotel owner Hugh Chisom Leighton, on April 20, 1930 in New York City.
Frederick married for the fifth and final time to United States Army Colonel James A. Marmon in January 1934.
She suffered a second, fatal asthma attack while she was recuperating at her aunt's home in Beverly Hills.
 Pauline Garon Pauline Garon was a Canadian-born American silent film, feature film and stage actress.
Around age 20, Garon ran away to New York where she began work on Broadway.
She had been chosen for this role by King after he saw her portray the role in the stage production on Broadway.
She was playing many lead roles in B movies and supporting roles in more glamorous films.
In February 1940 she eloped with radio star and actor, Clyde Harland Alban, to Yuma, Arizona.
The comedian Nat Goodwin saw her act and invited her to look him up if she ever got to New York.
She died in October 1950 from injuries suffered after her car went off the road near Alamogordo, New Mexico. 
Moore was born Pauline Joless Love on June 17, 1914 in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.
After her father died during World War I, her mother remarried in 1925 and Moore took her stepfather's name.
She began her career moving to Hollywood in the early 1930s, and also starred on Broadway and worked as a model.
Moore starred in three Charlie Chan films, starring alongside Cesar Romero, Allan Lane, and Kane Richmond.
She was married to the cartoonist Jefferson Machamer from 1934 until his death in 1960.
In the early 1940s she retired from acting, and became a mother of three children, but continued to act into the 1950s.
From her first uncredited role in 1931 through to her last role in 1958 her career spanned a total of thirty films.
Dodd Watkins, whose death in 1972 left her a widow for the second time.
She died of Lou Gehrig's disease in 2001, at a nursing home in Sequim, Washington. 
Starke was introduced into the film industry by a friend following the completion of her education.
Selected as one of the WAMPAS Baby Stars in 1922, Starke starred in a number of films from 1916 to 1935.
She continued to play bit parts until director Frank Borzage started casting her in leading roles, beginning in 1917.
She scored several lead roles in films, establishing her as a prominent silent-film actress during the 1920s.
She died from the aftermath of a stroke on February 3, 1977 in Santa Monica, California.
Her parents are Íñigo de la Huerta y Ozores, the Spanish XVII Duke of Mandas and Villanueva, and Judith Bruce .
De la Huerta was born with recurrent cystic hygroma under her arm, which she has had treated with multiple surgeries.
Her mother worked as an authority on birth control and women's issues in Third World countries.
De la Huerta began modeling in her adolescence and became a runway model before transitioning into film.
Her first boyfriend was Donald Cumming, frontman of The Virgins, whom she dated when she was 17.
Her sister, Mary Ann Jackson also became a child actor, and appeared in many Little Rascals short films for Hal Roach.
She died in Honolulu, Hawaii, where she was cremated and her ashes scattered in the Pacific Ocean.
She began attending dance lessons in Washington D.C., along with her sisters Doris and Mary, at a young age.
While Eaton had a minor role in the show, it served as her introduction to the world of professional theatre.
They quickly gained reputations as professional, reliable, and versatile actors, and were rarely out of work.
While on the road, she fell in love with one of the company musicians, violinist Harry Levant.
The two were married in 1917; the following year, Eaton gave birth to a daughter, named Doris, after her sister.
On one occasion she filled in for Marilyn Miller in a Ziegfeld chorus when the star had the mumps.
She would work on Dillngham's productions for several years, both as a performer and a dance director.
Bakos studied stage and screen beauties and went to both Vassar and Smith College in his search for an ideal girl.
He believed Eaton possessed the perfect combination of beauty, intelligence, personality, charm, and spirit.
Pearl, along with the rest of her family, found her career in sharp decline during the Great Depression.
In spite of her well-respected work at RKO, she was let go by the studio in 1930.
As with several of her siblings, she also battled alcoholism and dependence on prescription drugs.
Pearl Eaton was found dead, at the age of 60, in her Manhattan Beach apartment on September 10, 1958.
While the police investigation ruled that the death was a homicide, the case was never solved. 
White was born in Green Ridge, Missouri, to Edgar White, a farmer, and Inez White.
When she was 13 years old, White worked as a bareback rider for the circus.
She was soon able to join the company full-time, touring through the American Midwest.
White played minor roles for several years, when she was spotted by the Powers Film Company in New York.
Her travels as a singer took her to South America, where she performed in casinos and dance halls.
In 1910, White had trouble with her throat, and her voice began to fail from the nightly theatrical performances.
She made her debut in films that year, starring in a series of one-reel dramas and comedies for Pat Powers in the Bronx.
It was at Powers Films that White honed her skills at physical comedy and stunt work.
She became a popular player with the company and was caught the attention of Pathé Frères.
Upon her return, she signed with Eclectic Film Company, a subsidiary of Pathé in 1914.
The serial proved to be a hit with audiences and made White a major celebrity, and she was soon earning $1,750 a week.
In these serials, White flew airplanes, raced cars, swam across rivers, and did other similar feats.
A male stunt double wearing a wig would perform the majority of the more dangerous stunts in White's later films.
Over the next two years, White appeared in ten drama films for Fox but her popularity had begun to wane.
By the time she retired from films in 1924, White has amassed a fortune of $2 million.
White divided her time between her townhouse in Passy and a 54-acre estate near Rambouillet.
She became involved with Theodore Cossika, a Greek businessman who shared her love of travel.
White later told friends that after she made a test for sound films in 1929, she was told that her voice was unsuitable.
White left the majority of her fortune, including jewelery and property, to Theodore Cossika.
She also bequeathed money to her father, nieces, and nephews, and willed $73,000 to charities.
Pearl White's place in film history is important in both the evolution of cinema genres and the role of women.
Like many silent film actors, many of White's films are now considered lost.
All of her films were made at East Coast studios as White reportedly never visited Hollywood.
Castle was discovered by a talent scout while eating in a restaurant in Beverly Hills.
Her role as saloon owner Lily Merrill brought out a new dimension of Castle's talent.
In 1960, Castle and Peter Brown traveled to rodeos, performing as a song-and-dance team.
The duo's stops included St. Louis, Chicago, Detroit, Pittsburgh, and Albuquerque.
On August 11, 1973, her third husband, William McGarry found her body on the couch of her Hollywood apartment.
Ahern and her sister, Lassie Lou Ahern, toured as a vaudeville song-and-dance act from 1932 until 1939.
 Peggy Bernier Peggy Bernier was a comedian and film actress who was popular in the 1920s and 1930s.
She was a chorus girl who was promoted by orchestra leader and master of ceremonies, Paul Ash.
Ash also assisted Ginger Rogers, Tommy Mally, Dave Appolon, and Paul Small.
The show disbanded in Chicago, Illinois and Bernier was at one time sitting in a restaurant, unemployed.
It had an original musical comedy libretto written by Owen Davis, with lyrics by Richard Rodgers and Lorenz Hart.
The show played the Alvin Theatre on Broadway after being presented in Detroit, Michigan and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Bernier was joined in the cast by Jack Whiting, Betty Compton, and Gordon King.
The comedy opened in New York at Chanin's 46th Street Theater with Jack Yellen and Lou Holtz as producers.
Watson was also discovered by Ash when he was studying to become a school teacher in California. 
She had a long career as a singer and actress, starting with local dance bands in the Fort Worth-Dallas area.
She also did a stint with The New Christy Minstrels, with whom she recorded two albums: Presenting, and In Person.
Fears purchased five Rolls Royce autos and a $65,000 chinchilla coat, retaining only $300 in her bank account.
Fears died August 24, 1994 at the age of 91 in La Crescenta-Montrose, California. 
Jr., the son of Jim and Marian Jordan, better known as Fibber McGee and Molly, with whom Peggy had three daughters.
In the 1950s and '60s, Knudsen appeared in guest starring roles on several television shows.
She is mother to their two daughters, Rashida Jones and Kidada Jones, who have become actresses.
Born in New York on August 30, 1946, Peggy Lipton was raised in a comfortably upper-middle-class Jewish family.
Her parents were Harold Lipton, a corporate lawyer, and Rita Benson, an artist.
Lipton was raised on Long Island with her brothers, Robert, who became an actor, and Kenneth.
Her father arranged her first modeling jobs in New York, while her mother encouraged her to take acting lessons.
After she and her family moved to Los Angeles in 1964, Lipton signed a contract with Universal Pictures.
In 1971 she won a Golden Globe Award for Best TV Actress in a Drama.
During the late 60s-early 70s she had relationships with a series of alcoholic, abusive, and/or married men.
She revealed that she had been diagnosed with colon cancer in 2004 and treated for it.
Another $44,000 in pension fund money was invested in a business venture by one of Lipton's daughters. 
She attended St. Walburga's Convent School and Barnard College, graduating from the latter in June 1949.
After her father's sudden death, she and her mother ran his construction company for a period of time.
She studied with Lee Strasberg in New York, later helping to set up Strasberg's West Coast studio.
The loot had been seized by bandits in a stagecoach heist and hidden away for later retrieval.
 Peggy Moran Peggy Moran was an American film actress who appeared in films between 1938 and 1943.
After marrying director Henry Koster in 1942, Moran was featured in every picture her husband directed.
After Koster retired in 1966, the couple traveled extensively until Koster's death in 1988.
Later, she was an assistant to writer-musician Kay Thompson until Thompson dropped her in April 1948.
She died in Toluca Lake, California, aged 89, from heart failure on February 5, 2011. 
In 1944, Ryan advanced to more elaborate productions, in support of Jack Oakie and Abbott and Costello.
She left Universal in 1945 and married James Cross that same year; they were divorced in 1952.
They wed in 1953 and toured together in a nightclub act before being divorced in 1957.
She continued to teach tap until two days before her death at the age of 80 from the effects of two strokes.
Shannon began her career as a Ziegfeld girl in 1923 before moving on to Broadway productions.
In May 1941, Shannon died at the age of 34 from a heart attack, brought on by alcoholism.
Shannon was born Winona Sammon in Pine Bluff, Arkansas in 1907 to Edward and Nannie Sammon.
She was slumped over the kitchen table, a cigarette in her mouth and an empty glass in her hand.
An autopsy later revealed that she had died of a heart attack brought on by a liver ailment and a run-down condition.
Roberts is buried in Wee Kirk Churchyard, Forest Lawn Cemetery, Glendale, California. 
 Peggy Stewart Peggy Stewart is an American actress known for her roles in Western B movies and television series.
Peggy Stewart was born Margaret O'Rourke on June 5, 1923 in West Palm Beach, Florida, were she was raised.
She distinguished herself as a swimming champion in high school; her sister, Patricia O'Rourke, was an Olympic swimmer.
In the 1930s, her family moved to California, where she met character actor Henry O'Neill.
She usually played the part of the tough heroine, rather than a passive girl needing to be saved.
From 1944 to 1951 she starred in 35 films, most of which were Westerns and film serials.
Her career slowed in the 1960s, and by the 1970s she was residing in Studio City, California.
In recent decades, Stewart has appeared regularly as a guest speaker at Western film festivals.
Since 1993, Stewart has appeared as a special guest at the annual Lone Pine Film Festival.
She was married to actor Buck Young from 1953 until his death on February 9, 2000. 
Walton-Walker attended Vigor High School in Prichard, Alabama, where she graduated in 1961.
She was married to writer Keith A. Walker from 1975 until his death from cancer in December, 1996.
Wood spent nearly fifty years on the stage, beginning in the chorus and becoming known as a Broadway singer and star.
From the late 1920s until the late 1930s, Wood had lead roles in musicals staged in London and New York.
Wood portrayed Fanny Ellis, a once famous star who prepares for a performance; the play lasted 47 performances.
Her second husband, in 1946 William H. Walling, was an executive in the printing business who died in 1973.
Wood died on March 18, 1978 in Stamford, Connecticut, following a stroke.
James was born in Virginia to John David Pellegrin and Diane Lynn Ramee , who are divorced.
 Penelope Ann Miller Penelope Ann Miller , sometimes credited as Penelope Miller, is an American actress.
Miller graduated from high school in Los Angeles, then moved to New York City to study theatre.
Miller plays a teacher, hiding with her son Dominic from her criminal drug-dealing husband Cullen Crisp .
They have two daughters: Eloisa May, born December 10, 2000, and Maria Adela, born March 23, 2009.
On March 14, 2012, Miller filed for legal separation from Huggins after 12 years of marriage.
Saturn Award Chicago Film Critics Association Award DVD Exclusive Awards Golden Globe Award Hollywood Film Festival 

Penelope Dale Milford was born March 23, 1948 in St. Louis, Missouri and grew up in Illinois.
She graduated from New Trier High School in Winnetka, Illinois, an affluent suburb of Chicago.
Shenandoah opened on Broadway on January 7, 1975 and was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Musical.
In the film she plays a young woman dealing with the effects of war on those around her alongside her friend Sally .
 Penelope Sudrow Penelope Sudrow is an American actress who has starred in film and on television.
At ten, she was asked to join the Danny Daniels Dance America Tap company.
 Penelope Windust Penelope Windust is an American actress who starred on television and in a few movies.
She studied drama at Pittsburgh's Carnegie Tech just before its merger into Carnegie Mellon University in 1967.
Windust was born in New York City, the daughter of Irene, an actress, and Bretaigne Windust, a stage and film director.
 Penny Arcade Penny Arcade , is an American performance artist, actress, and playwright based in New York City.
Susana Ventura was born in New Britain, Connecticut, and grew up in a working class Italian immigrant family.
She was sent to Sacred Heart Academy for Wayward Girls, a reform school, where she was released at age 16.
Recently profiled individuals have included Herbert Huncke, Jayne County, and Marty Matz, among others.
In 2002 Arcade ran for the New York State Assembly as a candidate of the Green Party.
It later opened for a run at the New Ohio Theatre in the West Village.
Penny Arcade has been married three times, although she refers to the first two marriages as adoptions.


She is the sister of actor TV producer Garry Marshall and Ronny Hallin, a television producer.
Her birth name, Carole, was selected because her mother's favorite actress was Carole Lombard.
She began her career as a tap dancer at age three, and later taught tap at her mother's dance school.
Then Garry Marshall, creator director Rob Reiner, who adopted her daughter and gave her his last name.
They repeated their roles on a radio comedy beginning in 1939 and in guest appearances on other radio shows.
She was active in union affairs and was the first woman president of an AFL–CIO union.
In 1967 she led a month-long strike by the Radio City Rockettes for better working conditions, which they won.
She was married to Dr. Laurence Scogga Singleton, a dentist, from 1937 until their divorce in 1939.
She was married to Robert Sparks from 1941 until his death on July 22, 1963.
Josephine Rose Lederer was born in Chicago in 1910 and later formally adopted the name Pepi.
She was a close friend of actress Louise Brooks, and Brooks spoke of her often in later years.
Shortly afterward, she jumped out of a window, dying instantly after falling several floors.

She was educated in Washington, D.C., and while still a child she first appeared on the stage in March 1885.
She appeared with the Lafayette Square Theatre in Washington and acted in New York City at Augustin Daly's Theatre.
On 2 June 1895, at Bridgeport, Connecticut, she married to fellow actor George Fawcett.
She was a lass from Austin, Texas, but to me she seemed to belong to some other world altogether.
Peri was born in Waco, Texas as Peri Oldham, daughter of James Franklin Oldham and his wife Sandra Jo Hauck.
Her parents divorced, and Sandra married secondly to Allen W Gilpin Jr in 1969.
Some of them also have children: Sam, Spencer, Daisy and Presley, making Peri an aunt, too.
The couple have twins, Stella Mae and Ava Pearl, born by a surrogate mother on May 7, 2004.
Gilpin and Leeves have also lived near the ocean, next door to each other, in the greater Los Angeles area. 
 Pert Kelton Pert Kelton was an American vaudeville, movie, radio and television actress.
Kelton was a young comedienne in A-list movies during the 1930s, often as the leading lady's wisecracking friend.
Jackie Gleason starred as her husband Ralph Kramden, and Art Carney as their upstairs neighbor Ed Norton.
By this time, the original age discrepancies were reversed, with Ralph married to a much younger Alice than himself.
In her last years, she was strongly identified with Spic and Span because of her TV commercials for that product.
Pert Kelton was part owner of the Warner Kelton Hotel, built in the late 1920s, at 6326 Lexington Avenue, Los Angeles.
The hotel catered to actors and musicians such as Cary Grant, Orry Kelly, and Rodgers and Hart.

Hayslip has been lauded as one of the Top 40 Actors in Austin and is represented by Acclaim Talent.
She is the co-founder of thistlemouse productions which produces plays and performances for children and families.
These productions have been seen by tens of thousands of school children all across Texas.
Hayslip lives in Dallas, Texas, with her daughters, Kitty Stuart and Tiger Darrow. 
 Phoebe Cates Phoebe Cates Kline , better known as Phoebe Cates, is an American film actress, model, and entrepreneur.
Cates was born in New York City, to a family of television and Broadway production insiders.
Her paternal grandparents and maternal grandmother were Russian Jews, and her maternal grandfather was Chinese Filipino.
Cates attended the Hewitt School, the Professional Children's School and the Juilliard School.
She next began a career as a professional model, which was short-lived, although successful.
Although her father was an actor as well, he was not enthusiastic about his daughter's new acting career.
She also sang the film's main theme song, and recorded an album of the same name.
She was quoted as saying that she had the most fun in filming that movie.
During her audition, she so impressed the writer that he wanted to hire her there and then.
In the early 1980s, Cates shared an apartment in Greenwich Village with her then boyfriend Stavros Merjos.
She first met him in 1979, when she went out to her first night in Studio 54 with family friend Andy Warhol.
In 2005, Cates opened her own boutique, called Blue Tree, on New York's Madison Avenue. 

Given her rotund size, she was quite similar in appearance to fellow screen comedian Marie Dressler. 
Series character Slim Sherman is shot and left for dead while in the pursuit of robbers.
Jess recaptures the Greevy and his partners, but Greevy is killed in the process.
Avery plays Greevy's older sister, Myra, who had been a surrogate mother to the young outlaw.
Phyllis Avery died at the age of eighty-eight on May 19, 2011, from heart failure. 
Brooks was reported as being president of Parties Unlimited Inc. in an article about Hollywood at war.
He had been a Harvard football captain and a decorated PT boat captain in World War II.
The couple had four children, the eldest of whom was President Kennedy's godson.
Brooks died on August 1, 1995, in Cape Neddick, Maine, aged 80.
She was survived by sons Torbert Jr. and Brian, daughters Laurie and Robin, a brother, and eight grandchildren. 
After graduating from high school in her native Wichita Falls, Texas, Coates went to Los Angeles to study at UCLA.
However, a chance meeting with entertainer Ken Murray resulted in her working in his vaudeville show as a chorus girl.
She later performed as one of Earl Carroll's showgirls at his Earl Carroll Theatre.

She appeared in many television series, often in cameos, but also including her own short-lived sitcom and variety show.
Her parents were older than most when she was born and Diller attended several funerals while growing up.
She attended Lima's Central High School and discovered she had the gift of humor early on.
She married Sherwood Diller in 1939 and was primarily a housewife, taking care of their six children.
After moving to Alameda, California, Diller began working in broadcasting in 1952 at KROW radio in Oakland, California.
Up until then, she had only tried out her jokes for fellow PTA moms at nearby Edison Elementary School.
Her first professional show was a success and the two-week booking stretched out to 89 consecutive weeks.
Diller had found her calling and financial success at a time when her husband's business career was failing.
She wrote her own material and kept a file cabinet full of her gags, honing her nightclub act.
In the early 60s, Diller performed at the Bon Soir in Greenwich Village, opening for up-and-coming Barbra Streisand.
Diller accompanied Hope to Vietnam in 1966 with his USO troupe during the height of the Vietnam War.
Self-deprecating to a fault, a typical Diller joke had her running after a garbage truck pulling away from her curb.
Throughout the 1960s, she appeared in more than a dozen, usually low-budget, films.
After Diller's stint, Ethel Merman took over the role until the end of the series' run in December 1970.
It follows Diller to a press conference, backstage, and into her home, to cover the story of her career.
Portraying herself, she confronted William Shatner's character Denny Crane and alleged they'd had a torrid love affair.
She still played in her private life, however, and owned a custom-made harpsichord.
She had six children from her marriage with her first husband, Sherwood Anderson Diller.
Their third child, Perry, was born in 1945 but only lived for two weeks in a neonatal incubator.
A daughter, Suzanne, was born in 1946, followed by another daughter, Stephanie, in 1948.
Their sixth child, also named Perry, after Diller's father, was born in 1950.
Diller's second husband was actor Warde Donovan , whom she married on October 7, 1965.
Robert P. Hastings was her partner, from 1985 until his death on May 23, 1996.
In a 2000 interview, she called him the love of her life, saying he admired her for being an independent person.
She candidly discussed her plastic surgery, a series of procedures first undertaken when she was 55.
She was fitted with a pacemaker but had a bad drug reaction and became paralyzed.
Diller is likely the first solo woman comedian in the U.S. to become a household name.
Diller was an outspoken proponent of plastic surgery at time when cosmetic procedures were secretive.
She was born to a Roman Catholic family as Helen Brown Nichols in Kansas City, Missouri.
Her mother was Verda Virginia Owens, daughter of Walter and Saphrona Owens, who were of Welsh ancestry.
Her two maternal aunts were Jean Owens, wife of radio actor Vinton Hayworth , and Lela McMath, mother of Ginger Rogers.
Not long after her birth, her mother moved to Oklahoma City, where Fraser resided until age 16.
At 16, she went to live with her aunt, Lela, and first cousin, Ginger, in California.
In 1939, she abandoned Hollywood for New York City to pursue a career in advertising at McCann Erickson.
Phyllis Fraser Wagner died in Manhattan in 2006 following a fall; she was 90 years old. 
At the latter she completed a degree in library science, but also participated in theater.
Marlee Matlin played Frelich's role in the film version, for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress.
Frelich was married to Robert Steinberg for many years, and they had two children .
She performed the ASL interpretation of Jewel's rendition of the national anthem at Super Bowl XXXII.
She appeared in 50 silent era and sound era motion pictures between 1911 and 1941.
She was born in Suffolk, Virginia, and died at age 74 in Sonoma, California.
When she was young, her family moved to Los Angeles, California, then a city of less than half a million people.
After graduating, she played piano to accompany the new silent films in local theaters.
Within a few years, she appeared as a leading lady in two-reelers for Sennett Studios.
She died at age 61 from an overdose of barbiturates in 1960, a suspected suicide.
 Phyllis Hodges Boyce Phyllis Hodges Boyce was an American actress, appearing in movies and television serials.
Born to an Italian mother and African-American father, Hyman was the eldest of seven children.
On graduation, she performed on a national tour with the group New Direction in 1971.
After the group disbanded, she joined All the People and worked with another local group, The Hondo Beat.
Around this time, Hyman began using cocaine, for which she developed a lifelong dependency.
Problems between Hyman and her label, Arista, caused a pause in her recording career.
Three years after her death, a second posthumous album of previously unreleased material was released.
Half of Hyman's vocals were re-recorded with both singers alternating vocals and providing Williams with exposure.
Warner Brothers informed our attorney that the song was to be used as the title song in the picture.
I personally auditioned and sang the song to her while she was having breakfast in her manager’s office.
Following her high school graduation in 1932 she got employment as a clothes model in a local department store.
During her modeling period one of her friends recommended that she try her hand at acting.
Well into the 1940s Kennedy made over twenty film appearances although a lot of her film roles were uncredited.
After her 1968 retirement she continued to live comfortably in Los Angeles, CA for the remainder of her life.
She had a deep love for letter writing and she would frequently write letters to her Hollywood friends.
Kirk was born in Syracuse, New York, though some sources state her birthplace as Plainfield, New Jersey.
She contracted polio as a child, which resulted in health problems for the rest of her life.
As a teenager, Kirk moved to New York City to study acting and changed her last name from Kirkegaard to Kirk.
As her acting career slowed down, Kirk began serving as an activist for various social causes.
After the Watts Riots in 1965, she funded preschool programs for underprivileged families in South Los Angeles.
Kirk was married to television producer and screenwriter Warren Bush until his death in 1992.
A Democrat, she attended the 1960 Democratic National Convention in Los Angeles, California.
On October 19, 2006, Kirk died of a cerebral aneurysm at age 79 in Woodland Hills, California.
She was buried with her husband Warren Bush in the Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia. 
Newman was born in Jersey City, New Jersey, the daughter of Rachael and Arthur Newman.
The show ran for 86 performances at the 22 Steps Theatre in New York City.
In 1995, Newman founded The Phyllis Newman Women's Health Initiative of the Actors Fund of America.
Newman was married to lyricist and playwright Adolph Green from 1960 until his death in 2002.
She died from a heart attack in Port Washington, New York, aged 82. 

Her first paid job as an entertainer was at Buckskin Joe amusement park over summer break in college.
At MGM, she routinely portrayed the ever-patient wife to a number of leading men.
She moved to Warner Brothers in the 1950s, but usually played the same type of roles.
While at MGM, Thaxter married James T. Aubrey, Jr., who later became president of CBS-TV and MGM.
Thaxter died on August 14, 2012, in Longwood, Florida, after an eight- or nine-year battle with Alzheimer's disease.
In keeping with her wishes, she was cremated and her ashes were scattered into the Atlantic Ocean. 
Her success on Broadway led to a move to Hollywood to pursue a film career.
The couple raised five sons during their marriage, which lasted more than fifty years.
She settled with her family in Hillsborough, California, where she resided for sixty years.
MacDonald often collaborated with actress Shirley Temple Black to promote Children's theater within the region.
MacDonald co-founded the Peninsula Children's Theatre in the 1950s and served as its president.
The Peninsula Children's Theatre offered plays and other productions for young audiences in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Phyllis Welch MacDonald died of natural causes in her sleep at her caretaker's home in San Mateo, California.
Her character, Kady Tyler, was described as being the daughter of Keach's character of Jesse Tyler.
In February, she performed at the Eissey Campus Theatre in Palm Beach Gardens and the Kaye Auditorium in Boca Raton.
She took the show to The Rrazz Room in San Francisco on June 8 where it ran for five performances until June 12.
Zadora married businessman Meshulam Riklis in 1977, when she was 23 and he 54.
They were married from August 1995 to November 2001, and had one child, Jordan Maxwell Kaufer.
After he divested himself of his ownership, it changed its call letters to KBEH.
Zadora and Jeffries met after Zadora contacted the Las Vegas Police to report a stalking incident.
Piper Laurie was born as Rosetta Jacobs on January 22, 1932, in Detroit, Michigan.
She was the younger daughter of Charlotte Sadie and Alfred Jacobs, a furniture dealer.
Her grandparents were Jewish immigrants from Poland on her father's side and Russia on her mother's.
They soon began dating, and nine months after the interview, they were married on January 21, 1962.
As of 2010, she still resides in southern California; her daughter is in New York.
The actress appeared at the September 2014 Mid-Atlantic Nostalgia Convention in Hunt Valley, Maryland.
Since then, she has been seen in many television series, film projects, commercials and print ads.
The city is close to winter ski centres in the north and seaside resorts on the Adriatic Sea.
The Podgorica Municipality contains 10.4% of Montenegro's territory and 29.9% of its population.
It is the administrative centre of Montenegro and its economic, cultural and educational focus.
From 1946 to 1992, the city was named Titograd in honour of Josip Broz Tito, the former President of Yugoslavia.
The earliest human settlements were in prehistory: the oldest physical remains are from the late Stone Age.
The population of the city was 8,000–10,000, in which all core urban issues were resolved.
Slavic groups in the area were in constant war with Byzantium and tended to establish a new state.
The first mention of Ribnica is during the rule of the Serbian royal family of the Nemanjići.
The name Podgorica was first mentioned in 1326 in a court document of the Kotor archives.
As a busy crossroads, Podgorica was a vibrant regional centre of trade and communication.
The Ottoman capture of Podgorica in 1474 interrupted its economic, cultural and artistic development.
The fortified city, with towers, gates and defensive ramparts, enabled the Ottomans to resist all attacks.
In 1864, Podgorica became a kaza of the Scutari Vilayet called Böğürtlen 'blackberry'.
In 1904, Zetska savings bank, the first significant financial institution, was formed.
Podgorica was occupied, as was the rest of the country, by Austria-Hungary from 1916 to 1918.
Under the name of Titograd, the city became the capital of the Socialist Republic of Montenegro on 13 July 1946.
The city rapidly became the commercial, socio-economic, and cultural centre of the country.
The destructive Yugoslav wars bypassed Montenegro, but the entire country was greatly affected economically.
The area is crossed with rivers and the city itself is only north of Lake Skadar.
The Morača and Ribnica rivers flow through the city, while the Zeta, Cijevna, Sitnica and Mareza flow nearby.
Save for the Morača and Zeta, other rivers have an appearance of small creeks.
The most significant is high Gorica Hill, city's namesake, which rises above the city centre.
In the main, these are too steep for development and thus limit the city's expansion, especially to the north.
However, urbanization has been encroaching on the lower slopes of the hills since 1990s.
Podgorica city proper has an area of , while actual urbanized area is much smaller.
The temperature exceeds on about 135 days each year and the median daily temperature is .
The number of rainy days is about 120, and those with a strong wind around 60.
Podgorica is particularly known for its extremely hot summers: temperatures over are common in July and August.
Snow is a rare occurrence in Podgorica: it rarely snows more than a few days per year.
The all-time maximum snowfall record was beaten on 11 February, when of snowfall were measured.
Before that, the biggest snowfall in Podgorica was in 1954, when of snowfall were recorded.
As part of the Ottoman Empire until 1878, Podgorica has many examples of Turkish architecture.
All that part of the city on the right bank of the Morača River was built this way.
The Montenegrin National Theatre is the most significant theatre not only in Podgorica but in all of Montenegro.
Podgorica is also host to the City Theatre , which includes the Children's Theatre and the Puppet Theatre.
Since 1995, it has been part of the Modern Arts Centre and houses approximately 1,500 works of art.
The building of the former cinema will be converted to host the Podgorica City Theatre.
Shortly after its closure, a Ster-Kinekor 6-screen multiplex cinema opened at Delta City shopping mall.
A significant cultural institution of over fifty years' standing is the Budo Tomović Cultural-Informational Centre .
KIC Budo Tomović was a host for such names as Tony Parsons or Brooklyn Funk Essentials during their visits to Podgorica.
Commercial broadcasters in Podgorica include TV In, NTV Montena, Elmag RTV, RTV Atlas, TV Vijesti and MBC.
World-famous players Predrag Mijatović and Dejan Savićević were born in Podgorica and made their debut in that team.
Chess is another popular sport and some famous global chess players, like Slavko Dedić, are born in Podgorica.
Other notable venues are the Stadion malih sportova under Gorica hill and the sport shooting range under Ljubović hill.
There are many other sports facilities around the city, most notably indoor soccer fields.
Podgorica is not only the administrative centre of Montenegro but also its main economic engine.
In 1981, Podgorica's GDP per capita was 87% of the Yugoslav average.
This, combined with typical transition pressures, led to a decline of the industrial base.
Out of the entire mass of paid nwt salaries in Montenegro in that year, some 47% was paid in Podgorica.
Podgorica is home to three main religious groups: Orthodox Christians, Sunnite Muslims and Catholic Christians.
Following the 1878 Berlin congress, Podgorica was ceded from the Ottoman Empire to the Principality of Montenegro.
Montenegro only took control in 1880 following Ottoman assistance, due to fierce Albanian resistance.
Democratic Front won 17 seats, SNP won 8 seats, while coalition made of Positive Montenegro and SDP won 5 seats.
The municipality of Podgorica has 34 elementary schools and 10 secondary schools, including one gymnasium.
The city-owned company went bankrupt in 2001, and buses were since operated solely by private carriers.
Over 20 taxi companies are operating in Podgorica with a total close to 800 vehicles in service.
Podgorica's location in central Montenegro makes it a natural hub for rail and road transport.
Both major Montenegrin motorway projects, Bar – Boljare motorway and Adriatic Ionian motorway, will pass near Podgorica.
The newly built Sozina tunnel shortened the journey from Podgorica to Bar to under 30 minutes.
A south-western bypass has also been planned, with same goal of moving heavy transport out of the city core.
The Belgrade–Bar line converges with the line to Nikšić and line to Shkodër at the Podgorica Rail Station.
Podgorica Airport is south of the city centre located in Zeta Plain and is Montenegro's main international airport.
It consists of one terminal and was recently connected to the city with a boulevard.
Between 1917 and 1941 she featured in over 40 movies, some of them minor uncredited roles.
Her husband died in the 1980s and she died in 1997 of cancer in Los Angeles, California, aged 88.
 Polly Bergen Polly Bergen was an American actress, singer, television host, writer, and entrepreneur.
She hosted her own variety show for one season , and as an author wrote three books on beauty, fashion, and charm.
Bergen was born in Knoxville, Tennessee to Lucy and William Hugh Burgin, a construction engineer.
Signed to Columbia Records, she enjoyed a successful recording career during this era, as well.
She earned an Emmy nomination for her role as Rhoda Henry, wife of Capt.
She also created lines of jewelry and shoe brands, and authored three books on beauty.
She was an active advocate of the Equal Rights Amendment, women's education, and planned parenthood.
Holliday was born in Jasper, Alabama, the daughter of Velma Mabell and Ernest Sullivan Holliday, a truck driver.
Prior to acting, Holliday worked as a piano teacher in her native Alabama, and then in Florida.
Soon, she was cast — in what would be her major break — in the role of sassy, man-hungry waitress Flo.
However, the show was suffering low ratings before Holliday arrived and was shortly canceled.
In 2000, she was inducted into the Alabama Stage and Screen Hall of Fame. 
There she honed the style of the brash loud-mouth knock-about comedian for which she later became known.
She proved effective at slapstick and remained with Sennett for several years until she was signed by MGM.
After Dressler's death in 1934 Moran's career declined, and she only starred in low-budget comedies or B-movies.
After an earlier marriage that ended in divorce in 1917, Moran married attorney Martin T. Malone in 1933.
She had one child, a son, who was adopted between her two marriages.
Her first husband was a United States Navy pilot who died in World War II.
On July 14, 1945, in Hollywood, California, she married Thomas K. Turnage, a decorated Major General with the Army.
Turnage served in the Korean War and earned the Distinguished Service Medal and Bronze Star.

Doubleday was born and raised in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of Christina Hart and Frank Doubleday.
Her mother now works in the entertainment industry as a writer and producer of plays.
Doubleday attended the Los Angeles Center for Enriched Studies, a magnet school in west Los Angeles.
Doubleday was replaced, however, when the series' creative team chose to go in a different direction with the character.
She plays Sheeni Saunders, an imaginative girl with a dreary life who meets Nick Twisp while on a family vacation.
The film, directed by Miguel Arteta, premiered at the 2009 Toronto International Film Festival.
Doubleday dyed her hair brown for the role of Chris, who is a natural brunette in the novel.
The Portugal-Spain border is 1,214 km long and considered the longest uninterrupted border within the European Union.
The land within the borders of current Portugal has been continuously settled and fought over since prehistoric times.
The early history of Portugal is shared with the rest of the Iberian Peninsula located in South Western Europe.
During the last days of Julius Caesar, almost the entire peninsula had been annexed to the Roman Republic.
The Carthaginians, Rome's adversary in the Punic Wars, were expelled from their coastal colonies.
It suffered a severe setback in 150 BC, when a rebellion began in the north.
The Lusitanians and other native tribes, under the leadership of Viriathus, wrested control of all of western Iberia.
Later, a northern province of Lusitania was formed, known as Gallaecia, with capital in Bracara Augusta, today's Braga.
There are still many ruins of castros all over modern Portugal and remains of Castro culture.
The former, beyond being one of the largest Roman settlements in Portugal, is also classified as a National Monument.
The site also has a museum that displays objects found by archaeologists during their excavations.
Coins, some of which coined in Lusitanian land, as well as numerous pieces of ceramics were also found.
In the year 500, the Visigothic Kingdom was installed in Iberia, centred on Toledo.
After defeating the Visigoths in only a few months, the Umayyad Caliphate started expanding rapidly in the peninsula.
Beginning in 711, the land that is now Portugal became part of the vast Umayyad Caliphate's empire of Damascus.
Gharb Al-Andalus at its largest was constituted of ten kuras, each with a distinct capital and governor.
The main cities of the period in Portugal were Beja, Silves, Alcácer do Sal, Santarém and Lisbon.
The Arabs were principally noblemen from Oman; and though few in numbers, they constituted the elite of the population.
The Berbers were originally from the Atlas mountains and Rif mountains of North Africa and were essentially nomads.
In Portugal, the Muslim population , relatively small in numbers, stayed in the Algarve region, and south of the Tagus.
Pelayos' plan was to use the Cantabrian mountains as a place of refuge and protection from the invading Moors.
Thus, it was very easy for Vimara Peres to organize the region and elevate it to the status of County.
The second son, Ordoño, reigned in Galicia, while the third, Fruela, received Asturias with Oviedo as his capital.
His former realm would be reunited when first García died childless and León passed to Ordoño.
He in turn died when his children were too young to ascend; Fruela became king of a reunited crown.
His death the next year initiated a series of internecine struggles that led to unstable succession for over a century.
Afonso was recognized in 1143 by King Alfonso VII of León and Castile, and in 1179 by Pope Alexander III.
Afonso Henriques and his successors, aided by military monastic orders, pushed southward to drive out the Moors.
In 1348 and 1349 Portugal, like the rest of Europe, was devastated by the Black Death.
In 1373, Portugal made an alliance with England, which is the longest-standing alliance in the world.
This alliance served both nations' interests throughout history and is regarded by many as the predecessor to NATO.
Prince Henry the Navigator, son of King João I, became the main sponsor and patron of this endeavour.
Thus, the Portuguese empire held dominion over commerce in the Indian Ocean and South Atlantic.
Subsequently, Philip II of Spain claimed the throne and so became Philip I of Portugal.
In 1640, John IV spearheaded an uprising backed by disgruntled nobles and was proclaimed king.
This was the beginning of the House of Braganza, which reigned in Portugal until 1910.
King John V of Portugal, however, was not pleased and recalled Melo to Portugal in 1749.
John V died the following year and his son, Joseph I of Portugal, was crowned.
As the King's confidence in de Melo increased, the King entrusted him with more control of the state.
The city was razed to the ground by the earthquake and the subsequent tsunami and ensuing fires.
The buildings and big squares of the Pombaline City Centre still remain as one of Lisbon's tourist attractions.
As his power grew, his enemies increased in number, and bitter disputes with the high nobility became frequent.
The Távora family and the Duke of Aveiro were implicated and executed after a quick trial.
In the autumn of 1807, Napoleon moved French troops through Spain to invade Portugal.
With the occupation by Napoleon, Portugal began a slow but inexorable decline that lasted until the 20th century.
This decline was hastened by the independence in 1822 of the country's largest colonial possession, Brazil.
Cisplatina , in the south, was one of the last additions to the territory of Brazil under Portuguese rule.
New coastal towns like Beira, Moçâmedes, Lobito, João Belo, Nacala and Porto Amélia were also founded.
Other episodes during this period of the Portuguese presence in Africa include the 1890 British Ultimatum.
The Portuguese territories in Africa were Cape Verde, São Tomé and Príncipe, Portuguese Guinea, Angola, and Mozambique.
The tiny fortress of São João Baptista de Ajudá on the coast of Dahomey, was also under Portuguese rule.
In addition, Portugal still ruled the Asian territories of Portuguese India, Portuguese Timor and Macau.
Portugal was one of only five European countries to remain neutral in World War II.
From the 1940s to the 1960s, Portugal was a founding member of NATO, OECD and the European Free Trade Association .
These actions were used to affirm Portugal's status as a transcontinental nation and not as a colonial empire.
This period was characterized by social turmoil and power disputes between left- and right-wing political forces.
The country continued to be governed by a Junta de Salvação Nacional until the Portuguese legislative election of 1976.
Mário Soares would be Prime Minister from 1976 to 1978 and again from 1983 to 1985.
In 1986, Portugal joined the European Economic Community that later became the European Union .
In the following years Portugal's economy progressed considerably as a result of EEC appeal.
Portugal operates a multi-party system of competitive legislatures Dornier Alpha Jet as the main combat aircraft.
The United States maintains a military presence with 770 troops in the Lajes Air Base at Terceira Island, in the Azores.
In the 20th century, Portugal engaged in two major conflicts: World War I and the Portuguese Colonial War .
The ratio of Portugal’s debt to its overall economy, was 107 percent when it received the bailout.
The IMF previously said in July 2012 that Portugal’s debt would peak at about 118.5 percent of GDP in 2013.
According to World Travel Awards, Portugal is the Europe's Leading Golf Destination 2012 and 2013.
In May 2014 the country exited the bailout but reaffirmed its commitment to maintaining its reformist momentum.
However, the sector also includes larger scale intensive farming export-oriented agrobusinesses backed by companies .
In 2001, the gross agricultural product accounted for 4 per cent of the national GDP.
Portugal is a significant European minerals producer and is ranked among Europe's leading copper producers.
The Panasqueira and Neves-Corvo mines are among the most recognised Portuguese mines that are still in operation.
This is despite the fact that Portugal remains one of the countries with the lowest per capita GDP in Western Europe.
By early December 2009, unemployment had reached 10.2% – a 23-year record high.
In October 2011, Moody's Investor Services downgraded nine Portuguese banks due to financial weakness.
Since 2011, the Portuguese economy has already shrunk 4.5% and it's predicted that it will shrink more 2.3% in 2013 .
The Portuguese population has been shrinking since 2009 due to emigration caused by the economic crisis.
Meanwhile, the number of people in situation of poverty rose to 2.7 million people.
However, its income per capita figure is still one of the lowest among the EU's member states.
The total fertility rate as of 2013 was estimated at 1.51 children born or personal reasons.
An estimated 800,000 Portuguese returned to Portugal as the country's African possessions gained independence in 1975.
According to the 2011 Census, 81.0% of the Portuguese population are Roman Catholic.
Except during the reign of Afonso I, it is present in every single historical flag, in one form or another.
The evolution of the Portuguese flag is inherently associated with the evolution of the shield.
He foretold Afonso's victory and assured him that God was watching over him and his peers.
Mirandese is also recognized as a co-official regional language in some municipalities of North-Eastern Portugal.
The educational system is divided into preschool , basic education , secondary education , and higher education .
Over 35% of college-age citizens attend one of the country's higher education institutions .
The Bologna process has been adopted, since 2006, by Portuguese universities and poly-technical institutes.
According to the latest Human Development Report, the average life expectancy in 2015 was 81.0 years.
The Ministry of Health is responsible for developing health policy as well as managing the SNS.
Cancer is more frequent among children as well as among women younger than 44 years.
Although lung cancer and breast cancer are scarcer, cancer of the cervix and the prostate are more frequent.
Portugal has the highest mortality rate for diabetes in the Eur-A, with a sharp increase since the 1980s.
This improvement was mainly due to the decrease in neonatal mortality, from 15.5 to 2.4 per 1000 live births.
Only one third of adults rated their health as good or very good in Portugal .
Portugal is home to fifteen UNESCO World Heritage Sites, ranking it 8th in Europe and 17th in the world.
Portuguese cinema has a long tradition, reaching back to the birth of the medium in the late 19th century.
Portuguese literature, one of the earliest Western literatures, developed through text as well as song.
Until 1350, the Portuguese-Galician troubadours spread their literary influence to most of the Iberian Peninsula.
Gil Vicente , was one of the founders of both Portuguese and Spanish dramatic traditions.
Modern Portuguese poetry is rooted in neoclassic and contemporary styles, as exemplified by Fernando Pessoa .
Particularly popular and distinguished is José Saramago, recipient of the 1998 Nobel Prize in Literature.
The Portuguese consume a lot of dry cod , for which there are hundreds of recipes.
A very popular northern dish is the arroz de sarrabulho or the arroz de cabidela .
The Portuguese art of pastry has its origins in the many medieval Catholic monasteries spread widely across the country.
Today, the country is known by wine lovers and its wines have won several international prizes.
Port and Madeira are particularly appreciated in a wide range of places around the world.
In 2005, Portugal held the MTV Europe Music Awards, in Pavilhão Atlântico, Lisbon.
The paralympic athletes have also conquered many medals in sports like swimming, boccia and wrestling.
Since 1992, the extensive historic centre of Prague has been included in the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites.
Also, it is home to a wide range of public and private schools, including Charles University .
Prague is the fifth most visited European city after London, Paris, Istanbul and Rome.
The area on which Prague was founded was settled as early as the Paleolithic age.
Around 200 BCE the Celts established an oppidum in the south of present Prague, now called Závist.
By the end of the 1st century BCE, the population in Bohemia was composed mostly of the Germanic tribes .
Prague Castle is dominated by the cathedral, which was founded in 1344, but completed in the 20th century.
Until Prague was elevated to archbishopric in 1344, it was under the jurisdiction of the Archbishopric of Mainz.
He ordered the building of the New Town adjacent to the Old Town and laid out the design himself.
On 9 July 1357 at 5:31 am, Charles IV personally laid the first foundation stone for the Charles Bridge.
In 1347, he founded Charles University, which remains the oldest university in Central Europe.
Prague was elevated to an archbishopric in 1344, the year the cathedral was begun.
The city had a mint and was a centre of trade for German and Italian bankers and merchants.
During the reign of his son, King Wenceslaus IV , a period of intense turmoil ensued.
Jan Hus, a theologian and rector at the Charles University, preached in Prague.
Inspired by John Wycliffe, these sermons focused on what were seen as radical reforms of a corrupt Church.
Hus' death, coupled with Czech proto-nationalism and proto-Protestantism, had spurred the Hussite Wars.
Many noteworthy Gothic buildings were erected and Vladislav Hall of the Prague Castle was added.
Rudolf was an art lover too, and Prague became the capital of European culture.
Following this in 1621 was an execution of 27 Czech leaders in Old Town Square and the exiling of many others.
In the second half of the 17th century Prague's population began to grow again.
In 1689, a great fire devastated Prague, but this spurred a renovation and a rebuilding of the city.
In 1713–14, a major outbreak of plague hit Prague one last time, killing 12,000 to 13,000 people.
The economic rise continued through the 18th century, and the city in 1771 had 80,000 inhabitants.
A first suburb, Karlín, was created in 1817, and twenty years later the population exceeded 100,000.
The revolutions in Europe in 1848 also touched Prague, but they were fiercely suppressed.
World War I ended with the defeat of the Austro-Hungarian Empire and the creation of Czechoslovakia.
Prague was chosen as its capital and Prague Castle as the seat of president Tomáš Masaryk.
For most of its history Prague had been a multi-ethnic city with important Czech, German and Jewish populations.
At the end of the war Prague suffered several bombing raids by the US Army Air Forces.
On 5 May 1945, two days before Germany capitulated, an uprising against Germany occurred.
Prague was a city in the territory of military and political control of the Soviet Union .
The 4th Czechoslovakian Writers' Congress held in the city in 1967 took a strong position against the regime.
In 1993, after the split of Czechoslovakia, Prague became the capital city of the new Czech Republic.
In 2002 Prague suffered from widespread floods that damaged buildings and also its underground transport system.
Prague launched a bid for the 2016 Summer Olympics, but failed to make the candidate city shortlist.
Nicknames for Prague have also included: the Golden City, the Mother of Cities and the Heart of Europe.
Since the fall of the Iron Curtain, Prague has become one of the world's most popular tourist destinations.
There are also three funiculars, one on Petřín Hill, one on Mrázovka Hill and a third at the Zoo in Troja.
On a per capita basis, Prague has the second highest tram patronage after Zürich.
The Metro has three major lines extending throughout the city: A , B and C .
A fourth Metro line is planned, which would connect the city centre to southern parts of the city.
The Prague Metro system served 589.2 million passengers in 2012, making it the fifth busiest metro system in Europe.
A new interchange station for the bus in the direction of the airport is now the station Nádraží Veleslavín.
The Náměstí Míru metro station is the deepest station and is equipped with the longest escalator in European Union.
The main flow of traffic leads through the centre of the city and through inner and outer ring roads .
Inner Ring Road : Once completed it will surround the wider central part of the city.
Most recently, the southern part of this road was opened on 22 September 2010.
The city forms the hub of the Czech railway system, with services to all parts of the Czech Republic and abroad.
Commuter rail services operate under the name Esko Praha, which is part of PID .
Prague is approximately at the same latitude as Frankfurt, Germany; Paris, France; and Vancouver, Canada.
According to the 2011 census, about 14% of the city inhabitants were foreigners, the highest proportion in the country.
The winters are relatively cold with average temperatures at about freezing point, and with very little sunshine.
Precipitation in Prague is rather low since it is located in the rain shadow of the Sudetes and other mountain ranges.
The city is traditionally one of the cultural centres of Europe, hosting many cultural events.
There are hundreds of concert halls, galleries, cinemas and music clubs in the city.
The city has many buildings by renowned architects, including Adolf Loos , Frank O. Gehry and Jean Nouvel .
According to the Eurostat, as of 2007, its GDP per capita in purchasing power standard is 42,800 €.
Prague ranked the 5th best-performing European NUTS two-level region at 172 percent of the EU-27 average.
The number of foreign residents in Prague has been increasing in spite of the country's economic downturn.
The street Na příkopě in New Town is the most expensive in whole Central Europe.
It ranked just above Paris and well above the Czech Republic as a whole, which achieved 80 percent of the EU average.
As of 2008, there were 13,000 researchers , representing 3% share of Prague's economically active population.
In 2010, Prague was selected to host administration of the EU satellite navigation system Galileo.
For civilian purposes it should be launched in 2016, full completion is expected by 2020.
The city of Prague also maintains its own EU delegation in Brussels called Prague House.
Although now in Poland, the city was the capital of the Bohemian kraj of the County of Kladsko. 
As the Second Party System formed in the early 1830s, Jackson led the new Democratic Party.
With the 1830 Indian Removal Act he supervised the relocation of Native American tribes living east of the Mississippi.
Jackson thought it was necessary for their survival, but many critics continue to attack him for it in the 21st century.
Running for president in 1824, Jackson narrowly lost to John Quincy Adams even though Jackson had more votes.
The episode, coupled with his military victories, made him an iconic figure in the history of American nationalism.
The bank president, Nicholas Biddle, proved a tough adversary, but Jackson finally destroyed him and his banks.
He denounced banks, and paper money, as tools for corruption and political evil.
Jackson became the iconic figure of democracy at a time when practically all white men could vote.
It was he who opened the bureaucracy to the average voter, promising rotation in office.
21st-century economic historians reject the charges and say the troubles were not primarily due to Jackson's policies.
Jackson was the first President to invite the public to attend the White House ball honoring his first inauguration.
Many poor people came to the inaugural ball in their homemade clothes and rough-hewn manners.
Some people stood on good chairs in muddied boots just to get a look at the President.
In the Petticoat affair gossip had long circulated concerning Peggy Eaton, the wife of Secretary of War John H. Eaton.
Jackson was a patriarch who expected to control his cabinet; he expected his cabinet members would control their wives.
Meanwhile, the Cabinet wives insisted that the interests and honor of all women was at stake.
They believed a responsible woman should never accord a man sexual favors without the assurance that went with marriage.
Howe notes that this was the feminist spirit that in the next decade shaped the woman's rights movement.
Martin Van Buren was already forming a coalition against Calhoun; he could now see his main chance to strike hard.
Van Buren grew in Jackson's favor and was nominated to be Minister to England.
Jackson's presidency marked a new era in Indian-Anglo American relations initiating a policy of Indian removal.
The southern tribes included the Choctaw, Creek, Chickasaw, Seminole and the Cherokee.
On May 26, 1830 Congress passed the Indian Removal Act, and Jackson signed it into law.
Jackson used the Georgia crisis to broker an agreement whereby the Cherokee leaders agreed to a removal treaty.
A group of Cherokees led by John Ridge negotiated the Treaty of New Echota with Jackson's representatives.
Ridge was not a widely recognized leader of the Cherokee Nation, and this document was rejected by some as illegitimate.
The treaty was enforced by Jackson's successor, Van Buren, who sent 7,000 troops to carry out the relocation policy.
During Jackson's tenure in office, large amounts of public money were put in the hands of public officials.
Jackson replaced Barry with Amos Kendall, who went on to implement much needed reforms in the Postal Service.
Jackson's time in the presidency as saw various improvements in financial provisions for veterans and their dependents.
Historians believe Jackson's presidency marked the beginning of an era of decline in public ethics.
Supervision of bureaus and departments whose operations were outside of Washington proved to be difficult.
Jackson not only rewarded past supporters; he promised future jobs if local and state politicians joined his team.
He believed that rotation in office would prevent the development of a corrupt civil service.
In practice, this meant replacing civil servants with friends or party loyalists into those offices.
At the end of his term, Jackson had only dismissed less than twenty percent of the original civil service.
What is even more significant is that he defended these changes as a positive good.
The American nation was at risk in the most serious crisis of the Jacksonian era.
He tried to stare down Calhoun, and found himself trying to stare down the entire state of South Carolina.
Particularly notable was an incident at the April 13, 1830, Jefferson Day dinner, involving after-dinner toasts.
In response to South Carolina's nullification claim, Jackson vowed to send troops to South Carolina to enforce the laws.
The Force Bill and Compromise Tariff passed on March 1, 1833, and Jackson signed both.
The most serious crisis was a debt that France owed for the damage Napoleon had done two decades earlier.
Jackson's Minister to France William C. Rives finally obtained the ₣ 25,000,000 francs involved in 1836.
The Department of State successfully settled smaller spoliation claims with Denmark, Portugal, and Spain.
It was possible because the change of leadership in London, as that country started moving toward a free-trade policy.
The State Department also negotiated routine trade agreements with Russia, Spain, Turkey, and Siam.
Jackson rejected the suggestion of his agent in Texas, Colonel Anthony Butler, to take Texas over by force of arms.
The people of Texas declared independence and defeated an invasion army to make good their claims.
Only on his last day of office did he officially recognize the legal independence of Texas.
In 1823 President James Monroe appointed Nicholas Biddle, the Bank's third and last executive, to run the bank.
Biddle's recharter bill passed the Senate on June 11 and the House on July 3, 1832.
Jackson used the issue to promote his democratic values believing the Bank was being run exclusively for the wealthy.
During the 1832 Presidential Election the rechartering of the Second Bank Of the United States became the primary issue.
The election also demonstrated the rapid development and organization of political parties during this time period.
The Democratic Party's first national convention, held in Baltimore, in May 1832 nominated Jackson and Van Buren.
They nominated William Wirt of Maryland and Amos Elmaker of Pennsylvania; both Jackson and Clay were masons.
Wirt received only 8 percent of the popular vote and 7 electoral votes while the Anti-Masonic Party folded.
On January 30, 1835, came the first attempt to kill a President of the United States.
Jackson, who wanted sectional peace after the turmoil of the Nullification crisis, placated Southerners.
On May 18, 1836 Jackson signed a law creating and funding the oceanic United States Exploring Expedition.
In January 1835, Jackson paid off the entire national debt, the only time in U.S. history that has been accomplished.
However, reckless speculation in land and railroads caused what became known as the Panic of 1837.
The same year there was a downturn in Great Britain's economy that stopped investment in the United States.
The depression that followed lasted for four years until 1841 when the economy began to rebound.
Economic historians have explored the high degree of financial and economic instability in the Jacksonian era.
It was an era of contested manhood, turbulence and disorder, as exemplified in his powerful and violent personality.
His Whig enemies defined themselves in how effectively they fought against his aggrandizement of presidential powers.
Jackson's reputation among historians has declined in the 21st century, primarily because of the Indian removal issue.
With its total of 32 stamps, this was the largest definitive series yet issued by the U. S. Post Office.
The winning design is reported to not have been voted in first place by any of the judges.
Barnes filed a lawsuit, which was appealed to the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals.
She won a partial order in her favor on appeal, but it is unclear if she was awarded any monetary damages.
The part, which is Barnes' most notable role, brought her instant public recognition.
She remained friends with co-stars Joyce DeWitt and Richard Kline; they made public appearances together.
Her father, John S. Bonner, was in the Army and she spent much of her life in different places.
She often play acted to amuse herself, playing all the parts and shifting the sets.
Although realizing it was likely a wrong number, Priscilla seized the opportunity to have her picture taken there.
Following her leave from school, Priscilla went to work on stage, then tried to get into the movies.
Dean made her film debut at the age of fourteen in one-reelers for Biograph and several other studios.
She soon gained popularity as the female lead in the comedy series of Eddie Lyons and Lee Moran.
However, when the age of sound dawned, Priscilla's career was severely damaged.
Ephraim Katz stated that she had been a school bus driver sometime in the 1970s.
 Priscilla Lane Priscilla Lane was an American actress, and the youngest of the Lane Sisters of singers and actresses.
Priscilla Mullican was born on June 12, 1915, in Indianola, Iowa, a small college town south of Des Moines.
She was the youngest of five daughters of Dr. Lorenzo Mullican, DDS, and his wife, Cora Bell Hicks.
Priscilla and one of her sisters, Rosemary, traveled to Des Moines every weekend to study dancing with Rose Lorenz.
The girls made their first professional appearance September 30, 1930, at Des Moines' Paramount Theater.
Priscilla enrolled at the nearby Fagen School of Dramatics, and Leota paid the fee.
One was a strange looking girl with her hair slicked back in a sort of a bun.
Neither Hepburn nor Sullavan were approved, and neither received a contract from MGM at the time.
During a tryout at a music publishing office, orchestra leader and radio personality Fred Waring heard them harmonizing.
Priscilla, who at this time adopted the surname Lane, quickly became known as the comedienne of the group.
Rosemary sang the ballads, while Priscilla performed the swing numbers and wisecracked with Waring and various guests.
Rosemary shared the romantic passages with Powell, while Priscilla played a high-spirited college girl.
Warner Bros. purchased Priscilla and Rosemary's contract from Fred Waring and signed them to seven-year pacts.
The publicity department at the studio suggested that Priscilla and Morris be seen together around town.
They liked each other and did date for a period; however, Priscilla later said it was never serious on either side.
The film, when released in October 1938, was a big success for all the young players.
At this time of professional success, the sisters were informed that Dr. Mullican had died in Iowa.
They felt Warner Bros. was casting her as stooge to such actors as John Garfield and James Cagney.
For the duration of the war, she followed her husband across America as he moved from one military base to another.
In January 1951, Cora Mullican died at the San Fernando Valley home her daughters had bought for her years earlier.
She enjoyed the television experience, but family demands proved too much, and she gave up after a year.
Impulsively she eloped with Haglund to Yuma, Arizona, on January 14, 1939, but left him the following day.
In November 1941, Lane became engaged to publisher John Barry, whom she had first met in 1939.
A native of Lawrence, Massachusetts, he had joined the Army Air Corps straight from college in 1939.
He was scouting the area for likely sites for air bases and had taken a short vacation.
At the war's end in 1945, Lane and Howard were living in New Mexico and she was pregnant with their first child.
Howard left the final decision to end her career to Lane, who later declared she never regretted her choice.
She fell in love with New England, and the couple settled with their children in Andover, Massachusetts.
She gave birth to a second daughter, Judith, on August 22, 1953.
She was devoutly religious, having converted to Roman Catholicism, as had her elder sister Lola.
He was still in the Air Force Reserve, which he had joined after his discharge from active duty in 1946.
She moved to a nursing home, Wingate, in Andover near her son Joe and his family.
She died there at 7:30 a.m. on April 4, 1995, from lung cancer and chronic heart failure, aged 79.
Lawson was a professional model by her early twenties and was named Miss Miami Beach in 1935.
This gained her a contract with Universal Studios, which used her in a variety of small roles.
However, in 1936 she was cast in the serial Flash Gordon as the voluptuous daughter of the villain, Ming the Merciless.
Lawson married Hollywood leading man Alan Curtis , and enlisted in the Women's Army Corps during World War II.
An unverified rumor claims she lost a leg in an accident while serving in the Army.
Lawson and her husband eventually divorced, and she then managed a stationery shop in Los Angeles, California.
Priscilla Lawson died at the early age of 44 due to upper gastrointestinal bleeding caused by a duodenal ulcer.
Lopez starred as a liberal nun in an unsuccessful Norman Lear series In the Beginning with McLean Stevenson in 1978.
Lopez is married to Vincent Fanuele; they have two children, Alex and Gabriella. 

 Priscilla Pointer Priscilla Marie Pointer is an American stage, film and television character actress.
Her mother, Augusta Leonora , was an artist and an illustrator, and her father, Kenneth Keith Pointer, was an artist.
In 1980, she married actor producer Robert Symonds, who had been Jules Irving's producing partner at the Lincoln Center.
Her marriage ended in divorce and she later returned to the entertainment industry as a singer. 
 Pristina Pristina, also spelled Prishtina , is the capital and largest city of Kosovo.
The city is home to the University of Pristina and is served by Pristina International Airport.
From Pristina there is a good view of the Šar Mountains which lie several kilometres away in the south of Kosovo.
In fact Pristina has grown so much these past years that it has connected with Kosovo Polje.
There is no river passing through the city of Pristina now but there was one that passed through the center.
The river flows through underground tunnels and is let out into the surface when it passes the city.
The river now only flows through Pristina's suburbs in the north and in the south.
Pristina is one of the municipalities with the most severe water shortages in the country.
The current water resources do not fulfil the needs of the overgrowing population of Pristina.
In the 4th century BC, Bardyllis brought various tribes together in the region, establishing the Dardanian Kingdom.
Pristina was famous for its annual trade fairs and its goat hide and goat hair articles.
The first mosque was constructed in the late 14th century while still under Serbian rule.
In the early Ottoman era, Islam was an urban phenomenon and only spread slowly with increasing urbanization.
The travel writer Evliya Celebi, visiting Pristina in the 1660s was impressed with its fine gardens and vineyards.
He contributed a force of 6,000 Albanian soldiers to the Austrian army which had arrived in Pristina.
This privileged position as capital of the Ottoman vilayet lasted only for a short while.
From 1929 to 1941, Priština was part of the Vardar Banovina of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
There ensued mass killings of Serbs, in particular colonists, and an exodus of tens of thousands of Serbs.
As a result of World War II and forced migration, Pristina's population dropped to 9,631 inhabitants.
In 1966, Pristina had few paved roads, the old town houses had running water and Cholera was still a problem.
Within a decade, Pristina nearly doubled its population from about 69,514 in 1971 to 109,208 in 1981.
Pristina, like the rest of Kosovo slid into a deepening economic and social crisis.
The majority Albanian population fled the town in large numbers to escape Serb policy and paramilitary units.
The number of registered businesses in Pristina is currently at 8,725, with a total of 75,089 employees.
Since independence the Mayor of Pristina, Isa Mustafa has built many new roads in Pristina.
Turkey's Limak Holding and French firm Aéroport de Lyon won the concession tender for Pristina International Airport.
The best known commercial centres include Albi Mall, Migros, ELKOS - ETC, Viva Fresh Store, Maxi and Grandstore.
Kosovo's economic activities are being supervised and supported by local and international chambers of commerce.
Pristina is the first touristic destination in Kosovo and the main air gateway to Kosovo.
Around 23% of the people belong the group age of 16-27, who are also very optimistic.
In the region of Pristina there is Gracanica monastery, which is in the list of UNESCO World Heritage Sites.
The Newborn monument was unveiled on 17 February 2008, the day that Kosovo declared its independence.
The Grand Hotel Prishtina was the property of the Yugoslav government before the Kosovo War in 1999.
From 1999 until 2002, the European Agency for Reconstruction had its main office in the museum building.
A large number of artifacts from antiquity are still in Belgrade, and the museum was looted in 1999.
The same year, French KFOR troops replaced the old clock mechanism with an electric one.
The Great Hammam of Pristina is one of the few Ottoman era monuments in Pristina.
It was built in the 15th century and it was part of the Sultan Mehmet Fatih Mosque.
During the months of summer and spring, it was used as a meeting place.
Nowadays, hamam is under restoration and it is planned to become the museum of Pristina.
The building of hamam is owned by the Municipality of Pristina and is under the protection of the Republic of Kosovo.
Germia's highest point, Butos' Peak, is 1050 meters above sea level and its lowest is 663 meters above sea level.
It is located in Emin Gjiku Complex, a monument of culture from the 18th century.
In the museum, tools and items related to lifestyle from the Ottoman Kosovo period are on display.
It was named after one of the most prominent Kosovan artists of all time, Muslim Mulliqi.
Historical monuments in Pristina are made up of 21 monuments out of a total of 426 protected monuments all over Kosovo.
The Bazaar of Pristina was the core merchandising center of the Old Pristina since the 15th century, when it was built.
It played a significant role in the physical, economic, and social development of Pristina.
Since then, Pristina has lost part of its identity, and its cultural heritage has been scattered.
It dates back to 3500 BC in the Neolithic Era and it is made of clay.
Pristina has only three active theatres: National Theater of Kosova, ODA Theatre and DODONA Theatre.
The National Theater of Kosovo was founded in 1946 in the city of Prizren, Kosovo.
It is the highest ranked theater institution in the country which has the largest number of productions.
This theater has produced more than 400 premieres which have been watched by more than 3 million spectators.
The festival is the result of joined efforts of Dr. Lejla Pula-Haxhiu and Besa Luzha .
The Festival has served as inspiration for the formation of other music festivals like Remusica and Kamerfest.
This festival works on enriching the Kosovar cultural scene with the collision of the traditional and the contemporary.
Pristina had always a development in trading due to its position of the Balkan trade routes.
Despite that fact Pristina, or Kosovo in general is not known for occurrence of fairs.
The television industry developed in Pristina and is a significant employer in the city's economy.
The four major broadcast networks, RTK, RTV21, KTV and KLAN KOSOVA, are all headquartered in Pristina .
City Park was a badly managed, and was the only real green place in Pristina.
Three markets used to be a hotspot for dumping waste and other materials on the roads.
It now has stone pathways, tall trees, flowers have been planted and a public area has been built for children.
The much larger Gërmia Park, located to the east of the city is the best place for a family to go and relax.
Lately a new green place called Tauk Bashqe has been made half way between Gërmia and City Park.
After the construction of the new Mother Teresa Square, many trees and flowers have been planted.
This had a big impact on the city because of the trees releasing oxygen in the air.
Many old buildings in front of the government building have been cleared to provide open space.
Basketball has been, since 2000, one of the most popular sports in Pristina.
Streetball Kosova is a traditionally organised sport and cultural event at Germia Lake in Pristina since 2000.
The network of settlements on the territory of the Municipality of Pristina has some specifics.
This census cannot be considered accurate as it is based on previous records and estimates.
There were more than 40,000 Serbs and about 6,500 Romas with the remainder being Albanians.
Like the rest of the country, the majority of Pristina’s population consider themselves Muslim.
In the Preliminary results of the 2011 census the population of Pristina was numbered around 198,000.
The city is home of the Government Building and the Parliament of the Republic of Kosovo.
Pristina's transport forms the hub of road, rail and air networks in Kosovo.
Pristina International Airport Adem Jashari is an international airport located southwest of Pristina, Kosovo.
It is under the authority of the Republic of Kosovo and is the only port of entry for air travelers to Kosovo.
The airport is named after Adem Jashari, a former leader of the Kosovo Liberation Army. 
Although she was born in Chandigarh, she was brought up in Belgium and the United States.
In 1947 she appeared in the film The Long Night and then played other character roles on film, and later, television.

 Quinn Cummings Quinn Louise Cummings is an American retired child actress, now writer and entrepreneur.
Born in Los Angeles, the only child of Sumner Aaron Cummings , a businessman, and Jan Mae , a bookkeeper.
In June 2000, Cummings gave birth to a daughter, Anneke DiPietro, by her partner Donald DiPietro.
She went on to attend UCLA for two years, and had a stint recruiting writers to publish short stories online.
', a collection of humorous stories relating to animals and pet ownership was released in the summer of 2013.

She attended Clara Barton Open School, Laurel Springs School, and Minneapolis South High School.
Cook eventually stepped away from the spotlight to focus on spending time with friends and family.
She later returned to mainstream films when she signed on to a new casting agency.
In 2011, she was selected by the Obama administration as a Champion of Change for Arts Education.
In June 2012, she began to award a small scholarship to those between ages 14 and 19.
The scholarship helps pay for career classes, mentoring programs, and other school fees.
Cook married actor Daniel Gillies in August 2004, after less than a year of dating.
They have two children: daughter Charlotte Easton Gillies and son Theodore Vigo Sullivan Gillies .
She lives mostly in Los Angeles, but frequently goes back to visit her family in Minnesota. 
She graduated from the UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television and currently resides in Los Angeles, California. 
Her mother is an Italian-American who was raised Catholic, whereas her father is Jewish.
As a high school senior, Bilson was an acquaintance of future singer Katharine McPhee, then a freshman.
In September 2009 Rachel appeared as a celebrity guest judge in the third episode of Project Runway .
On May 7, 2015, the CW officially canceled the show after four seasons.
She approached DKNY Jeans in late 2007 with a view to design a clothing line with the fashion brand.
Her idea was to keep fashionable items accessible to young women by keeping the prices of each piece under $100.
An advertising image was released in July 2008 which featured Bilson modelling her Edie Rose collection.
Much of her fashion collection was lost when her home was burglarized in May 2009.
In mid-2010, the couple split up but were dating again a few months later.
Bilson and Christensen had their first child, daughter Briar Rose, on October 29, 2014. 
 Rachel Dratch Rachel Susan Dratch is an American actress, comedian, producer and writer.
She has said that even in her high school's plays she gravitated towards participating in comedies over dramas.
Dratch was a member of the mainstage cast of the Second City comedy troupe for four years.
Six months later, Dratch learned she was pregnant, and on August 24, 2010 gave birth to a boy, Eli Benjamin.
Wahl has since moved to New York City to be closer to Dratch and their son. 
 Rachel Miner Rachel Miner is a Broadway, film, and television actress, born in New York City.
The film itself was based on the July 15, 1993 murder of Bobby Kent.
The film holds a score of 45 out of 100 on Metacritic, based on 26 critics indicating 'Mixed or average reviews'.
It debuted at After Dark Horrorfest III, a horror film festival held in January 2009.
Nichols began modeling while attending Columbia University in New York City in the late 1990s.
Rachel Nichols was born in Augusta, Maine, to Jim, a schoolteacher, and Alison Nichols.
She worked on advertising campaigns for Abercrombie & Fitch, Guess?, and L'Oreal; she also hosted several MTV specials.
Although the film was panned by critics, making it was a learning experience for Nichols.
The new concept made Nichols' character a rookie FBI agent assigned to the FBI's Los Angeles Violent Crimes Unit.
She later revealed that she almost did not audition for the film due to her fear of dogs.
I was like, 'No, I'm not going to read for this film.'
The film opened to favorable reviews and critics acclaimed the individual performances of the actors.
Then I read the first scene where she gets wet, and I went: 'OK, this has got to be altered!
She later said that she accepted director Stephen Sommers' offer for the role without having read the actual script.
And I liked the fact that it wasn't just a big action movie ... And there was comedy in it.
Nichols was burned by a flame during the filming of a fight scene with Miller.
Going straight-to-video on October 27, 2009, the movie went largely unnoticed by critics and audiences alike.
However, the film received a limited release on December 3, 2010 in the United States.
The casting choice came amid uproar from the series' fanbase as she was bought in to replace exiting actresses A.J.
However, as the season went on, viewers eventually gave her character a warm reception.
The pilot brought 900,000 viewers, becoming the highest-rated single episode ever on the network.
The film premiered through selected theaters and video-on-demand in the U.S. between June and July 2014.
Nichols married film producer Scott Stuber on July 26, 2008, in Aspen, Colorado.
They were working on building a home in Cabo San Lucas shortly after their honeymoon.
Seven months later, in February 2009, Nichols and Stuber separated due to irreconcilable differences.
On December 30, 2013, Nichols confirmed her engagement to Michael Kershaw, a real estate developer.
 Rachel Stephens Rachel Stephens is an American television, stage, and motion picture actress.
Prior to acting in movies she was a CBS research assistant and a television actress.
In 1972 she appeared with Jo Anne Worley at the Arlington Park Theater in Chicago.
She began recording country music in 1974, but with little success beyond one minor Country Chart hit.
Sweet bought Madonna's former home, Los Pavoreales, selling it in 2010 for $4,895,000. 
Her brother, Sahaj, is a musician and the lead singer for the rock group Ra.
Her parents enrolled her in the Ballet Hispanico of New York where she took ballet lessons.
That same year, she was listed as one of 12 promising New Actors in John Willis Screen World Vol.33.
In 1983, Ticotin married David Caruso, with whom she had a daughter, Greta, born June 1, 1984.
In 1989, she divorced Caruso and has been married to Peter Strauss since 1998.
 Rachel True Rachel India True is an American film and television actress and former fashion model.
On July 10, 2010 she married her boyfriend of six years, Ayal Miodovnik.
For this role, she won the Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Visiting Production.

Allen was born in Brooklyn, New York, the daughter of Julia and Joseph Abruzzo.
The film has been studied for its commentary on race, class and the possibility of idylls within 20th Century life.
In relationship with, and later married, Rosslyn J. Cowen , who played the film's ventriloquist.
Born in Venice, Italy, she emigrated with her parents to the United States, and was processed at Ellis Island in 1910.
She died in 1942, in the Boston home of her late parents, of intestinal cancer at the age of 54.
She is buried at St. Michael's Cemetery in the Roslindale section of Boston, Massachusetts. 
 Rain Phoenix Rain Joan of Arc Phoenix is an American actress, musician, and singer.
Phoenix has four siblings: two sisters, Liberty and Summer and two brothers, actors Joaquin and the late River Phoenix.
Phoenix was born Rain Joan of Arc Bottom in Crockett, Texas, the second child of John Lee Bottom and Arlyn Sharon .
Her mother was born in the Bronx, New York to Jewish parents from Hungary and Russia.
In 1968, Phoenix's mother left her family and moved to California, meeting Phoenix's father while hitch-hiking.
They married in 1969 and joined Children of God and worked as missionaries in South America.
It was there, at the age of three, that Phoenix first began to sing.
The family set out for California in order for the children to enter the entertainment industry.
In West Los Angeles, Phoenix and her siblings would perform on the streets for crowds of people.
Arlyn took a job at NBC and eventually secured all five Phoenix children with an agent.
At 15, Phoenix returned to her roots in music and formed the band Aleka's Attic with her then 17-year-old brother River.
River, along with bass player Josh McKay, wrote music and lyrics and Phoenix sang backup.
Phoenix dealt simultaneously with the loss of her older brother and the media circus that followed.
The album was near completion so Phoenix began the long task of mixing and producing the scraps of recordings.
 Rainbow Harvest Rainbow Harvest is an American actress who appeared in films from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s.
She attended the High School of Performing Arts in New York City, New York, and graduated in 1985 as a drama major. 

 Rakefet Abergel Rakefet Abergel is an American actress and comedian based in the Los Angeles area.
As a comedian Abergel has performed at The Improv, the Comedy Store and the University of Nevada, Las Vegas.
 Ramsay Ames Ramsay Ames was a leading 1940s American B movie actress, model, dancer, pin-up girl and television host.
She was married to and later divorced Dale Wasserman, a Tony Award-winning musical writer.
Heller was born in Brooklyn, New York and grew up in West Hempstead, on Long Island.
For this role she received an Emmy nomination for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series.
Heller made a role that seems peripheral in some productions into a central part of the story.
Married to actor Gregory Harrison since 1980, Oakes retired from acting when their first child was born in 1985.
Oakes was born in Sumner, Iowa, and grew up in tiny Randalia, Iowa.
While in high school, she went to Des Moines, Iowa, twice a week to attend modeling school.
Oakes was named Miss Iowa Model of the Year and moved to New York City with a modeling contract at age 17.
She appeared on the series from the beginning of its third season until the end of its fifth season.
She retired from acting to be a full-time mother after the birth of her first child in 1985.
Together, they have three daughters, Emma Lee , Lily Anne , and Kate .
Raquel also spent quite a few years at a dance studio with her younger brother.
According to her YouTube page, the song was written by Alyssa Bonagura and Ted Bruner.
Her mother died while Raquel was very young and the family moved to the United States, where she spent most of her time.
Ames described some of his favorite remedies and the actress appreciated how considerate Ames was.
Ames was by now divorced and Torres had not gone through with an anticipated wedding.
After deliberating for the night Torres decided to marry him when he called her the following day.
Ames presented her with a gift, a Rolls-Royce, and two weeks later they were married.
In 1959, Torres married actor Jon Hall, a hero of 1930s and 1940s South Sea epics.
In October 1985 there was a fire in Malibu, California which damaged homes in the Las Flores Canyon area.
Embers carried by wind across the wide Pacific Coast Highway ignited the roof of Raquel Torres' home.
The dwelling was 80% destroyed but the actress escaped unharmed, escorted by firefighters to safety.
Raquel Torres died from a heart attack on August 10, 1987 in Los Angeles, California.
In late 2008, she became a spokeswoman for Foster Grant's reading glasses campaign, created by Ferrara and Company.
Welch's unique persona on film made her into an icon of the 1960s and 1970s.
Welch was born as Jo Raquel Tejada on September 5, 1940, in Chicago, Illinois.
Her father, Armando Carlos Tejada Urquizo , was an aeronautical engineer from La Paz, Bolivia.
At age 14, she won a beauty title as Miss Photogenic, Miss Contour.
While attending La Jolla High School she won the title of Miss Fairest of the Fair at the San Diego County Fair.
They had two children, Damon and Latanne Welch , but they separated in 1962 and divorced in 1964.
She got a job as a weather forecaster at KFMB, a local San Diego television station.
To avoid typecasting as a Latina, he convinced her to use her husband's last name.
She agreed to seven-year nonexclusive contract, five pictures over the next five years and two floater.
A publicity still of her in the bikini became a best-selling poster and turned her into an instant pin-up girl.
Welch presented at the Academy Award ceremony several times during the 1970s due to her popularity.
In 1994, Welch received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 7021 Hollywood Boulevard.
The Multi-Platinum collection of Fitness and Yoga videos were produced and directed by André Weinfeld.
In January 2007, Welch was selected as the newest face of MAC Cosmetics Beauty Icon series.
Welch has been married to: Welch is the mother of Damon Welch and actress Tahnee Welch .
Welch came in the mid-60's and was exotic, brunette, and smolderingly sexual.
Her countless publicity photos helped to popularize her image, dress style, and 60's and 70's fashion trends.
Raquel Welch is one of the first and few actresses who portrayed a female leading role in a Western movie.
 Rasika Mathur Rasika Mathur is an American actress title She continues to perform stand-up around the country.
She also appears on the show Wild'N Out on MTV2, where she kisses Lauren Flans, who is also on the show.
She also cites Adam Sandler, The Count, Ben Stiller, Vince Vaughn, Woody Allen and Diane Keaton.
She is the daughter of artist Knox Martin and granddaughter of aviation pioneer Lieutenant William Knox Martin.
Ted remarried in 1992 and has three children, as well as, their daughter, Teddi Rae.
 Reba McEntire Reba Nell McEntire is an American country music singer, songwriter and actress.
She released her first solo album in 1977 and released five additional studio albums under the label until 1983.
and she is one of the best-selling artists of all time, having sold more than 85 million records worldwide.
Reba Nell McEntire was born March 28, 1955, in McAlester, Oklahoma, to Jacqueline and Clark Vincent McEntire .
In 1974, McEntire attended Southeastern Oklahoma State University planning to be an elementary school teacher .
That same year she was hired to perform the national anthem at the National Rodeo in Oklahoma City.
After recording a demo tape, she signed a recording contract with Mercury Records in 1975.
McEntire made her first recordings for Mercury on January 22, 1976, when she released her debut single.
In 1983, McEntire announced her departure from Mercury, criticizing the label's country pop production styles.
It was instead produced by Norro Wilson, although the album still had a distinguishable country pop sound.
That year, she won the Country Music Association Awards' Female Vocalist of the Year, her first major industry award.
The title track was the lead single from the release and became a number-one single shortly after its release.
The emotions of her divorce from husband, Charlie Battles, were put into the album's material, according to McEntire.
But this one had a resurgence of life, especially after the video came out.
The album comprised all thirty-three number-one hits in her career on all major trade charts.
60, respectively, with the latter becoming her first single in twenty-seven years to miss the country top 40 entirely.
On August 30, 2007, McEntire received two CMA nominations: Female Vocalist of the Year and Vocal Event of the Year.
Out of everything in this whole career that I can say that I'm the most proud of, are my friends.
Under MCA, she had sold a total of sixty-seven million records worldwide and won two Grammys.
On May 11, 2012, McEntire tweeted that the show had been picked up.
At times, her music has often been criticized for moving away from traditional country music.
Her brother, Pake McEntire, was a successful country artist in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
In 1989, McEntire married her manager and former steel guitar player, Narvel Blackstock.
Even though they are ending their marriage they will continue to support and work with each other.
In 2013, Miranda Lambert tied Reba to win Female Vocalist four years in a row.
Reba is also the only country music female to achieve solo number-ones across four decades.
Reba holds the record for most CMA Award nominations for a female artist, with 49. 
 Rebeca Arthur Rebeca Arthur is an American actress raised in Cumberland, a town in the mountains of western Maryland.

Rebecca Budig was born in Cincinnati, Ohio, the daughter of Mary Jo, a homemaker, and George Budig, a businessman.
In 1993, Budig moved to Los Angeles, California, to pursue an acting career.
Greenlee was supposed to be a recurring role, but executives enjoyed Budig and offered her a three-year contract.
In 2003, Budig won a Soap Opera Digest Award for Outstanding Younger Lead Actress.
Budig cited the reason for her departure as wanting to return to the West Coast to be with her husband.
Budig is the youngest of eight children, she has five sisters and two brothers.
In 2000, Budig married Dr. Daniel Geller; the marriage only lasted several months.
On May 1, 2014, Budig announced that she was five-months pregnant with the couple's first baby.
On September 8, 2014, Budig gave birth to her first child, a daughter named, Charlotte Jo Benson. 
On November 15, 2012, she gave birth to their first child, Sadie Edith Glassner. 




The duet was recorded in August 2014 with Tony LeBron and produced by Rudy Perez of BullsEye Studios in Miami.
Her father is a native of Barneveld, the Netherlands, while her mother is an American of Dutch and English descent.
She met Romijn's father as a teenager while living in the Netherlands on a student exchange program.
Romijn's maternal grandfather, Dr. Henry Bernard Kuizenga, was a Presbyterian minister and seminary professor.
She plays Alexis Meade, a male-to-female transsexual and the sibling of lead character Daniel Meade.
Romijn appeared as lab worker Jessie on the Adult Swim live-action show ' for two seasons.
Romijn attended the University of California at Santa Cruz in 1990–91, where she lived in dorm 1 at Stevenson College.
During the marriage, she used the name Rebecca Romijn-Stamos in both her personal and professional life.
Stamos filed for divorce in August 2004, and it became final on March 1, 2005.
They became engaged in September 2005, and married at their home in Calabasas, California on July 14, 2007.
Romijn and O'Connell have twin daughters, Dolly Rebecca Rose and Charlie Tamara Tulip, born on December 28, 2008.
Dolly is for singer Dolly Parton's first name and Charlie is for O'Connell's brother.
Schaeffer's death helped prompt the 1990 passage of America's first anti-stalking laws, in California.
She initially had aspirations to become a rabbi but began modeling during her junior year in high school.
In August 1984, Schaeffer's parents allowed her to move to New York City by herself to pursue a modeling career.
At , she was considered too short for high fashion modeling and struggled to find work.
Bardo wrote numerous letters to Schaeffer, one of which was answered by an employee of Schaeffer's fan service.
Bardo's brother helped him get a Ruger GP100 .357-caliber handgun because he was underage .
Certain that the address was correct, he approached the porch and rang the doorbell.
The next day, Bardo was arrested after motorists reported a man running through traffic on Interstate 10.
Bardo was tried by prosecutor Marcia Clark, who later became known for her role in the O. J. Simpson murder case.
Convicted of capital murder in a bench trial, Bardo was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
The Driver's Privacy Protection Act was enacted in 1994, which prevents the DMV from releasing private addresses.
The website of the charity Thursday's Child, for which Schaeffer worked as a spokesperson, bears a dedication to her.
She is the elder sister of writer Ben J. Wattenberg, and aunt to journalist Daniel Wattenberg.
She was married to Gene Schull, with whom she had three children, from 1951 until his death in 2008.

Wisocky later moved to New York City, and graduated from the New York University Experimental Theatre Wing.
Wisocky later performed in many stage productions, primarily playing strong females, like Lady Macbeth and Medea.
In June 2012, Lifetime picked up the pilot with a thirteen-episode order to air in early 2013.
Rebecca's own music is a mix of pop, jazz, soul, and americana.
Rebecca sought and was eventually granted a release from the label due to creative differences.
She then signed with Clive Davis' J Records, but did not complete an album, and after 3 years requested a release.
In 2005, as Rebekah Jordan, Rebecca produced and released an EP through her own Tea Party Records.
In 2013, Rebecca was invited to perform at The Kennedy Center for the ASCAP Foundation's Contemporary Composer Series.

Regina Baff has a Ph.D. in psychology, and is sister of Ella Baff, director of Jacob's Pillow. 

She has won several awards throughout her career, including a Golden Globe Award and NAACP Image Award.
Taylor was born in Dallas, Texas, but at age 12 she went to Muskogee, Oklahoma.
The family later returned to Dallas, where she graduated from L. G. Pinkston High School in 1977.
This role won her a and also an NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Actress in a Drama Series.
The work also included short pieces by playwrights Adrienne Kennedy, Ntozake Shange, Suzan-Lori Parks and Kia Corthron.
It won four Helen Hayes awards , including Taylor’s win for Best Direction as well as Best Regional Musical.
Walker, which received its world premiere production in January 2005 at the Alabama Shakespeare Festival.
According to a DNA analysis, she descended, mainly, from Mende people of Sierra Leone and of Kru people of Liberia.
She lived in Springfield, Illinois, from 1987 to 1988 where she first became interested in acting.
When her family left for Seattle, she remained in Springfield with family friends for the duration of the play's run.
After joining her family in Seattle, Aylesworth attended the University of Washington and studied neuroscience.
Despite being credited as a guest star for the entire season, she appeared in all 24 episodes.
In the twelfth episode, Aylesworth returned, with Michelle Dessler now a high level bureaucrat within the CTU hierarchy.
Originally, Dupree was to appear in 5 episodes with the purpose of attracting the lecherous attention of Dr. Gates .
She has also appeared in Elementary as Miranda Molinari and in Person of Interest as Agent Vickers in 2012. 
She and her family were interned at the Gila River War Relocation Center during World War II.
Her mother was Chieko Sato, a real estate investor; Reiko also had many siblings.
She had been on contract with Fox and Universal, but nothing materialized, and she retired from Hollywood.
Reiko Sato spent her final years involved in various organizations promoting equality for Asian-American performers.
Reina and her sister have similar names: Reina and Regina both mean queen, in Spanish and Latin, respectively. 
For three decades, they were inseparable on the Yiddish stage, starring in one play or revue after another.
In 1970, after a performance at New York's Town Hall, her husband collapsed and died.
She died at St. Vincent's Hospital Medical Center, in New York City, aged 79, from undisclosed causes.

Her family subsequently moved to Pittsburgh, where she was raised after her parents' divorce.
Sofer attended the Frisch School, a Jewish high school in Paramus, New Jersey.
On August 5, 2005, Sofer gave birth to her first child with Bookstaver, named Avalon Leone, in Los Angeles. 
She became known for starring in a series of popular, big budget thrillers and action movies throughout the 1990s.
Her father was of Italian descent, and her mother's ancestry was Italian and German and English .
With his encouragement, Russo applied to, and was signed by, Ford Modeling Agency.
As she entered her thirties, demand for her as a model began to dwindle.
She did a few more commercials and then turned her back on modeling and show business for a while.
In later years she had major roles in a number of box office hits and critically successful movies.
The film received negative reviews from critics, and grossed only $10 million in US.
The film received negative reviews from critics, but was success at the box office, grossing $72,028,752 worldwide.
The role is easily her finest in several years and the rich material uncorks a wealth of inventiveness from the actress.
They have one daughter, Rose , and the family currently lives in Brentwood, Los Angeles, California.
At sixteen, O'Connor began her career with a string of commercials and minor television roles.
She demonstrated this to him by removing her long coat and walking forward, clad in the pajamas.
She wed for the second time on January 16, 1937, to studio publicity man Erman Pessis .
She gave her age on that occasion as 25, and mentioned a previous union.
Renee left Pessis in April 1938 and sued him for divorce in Reno, Nevada the same month.
The divorce was granted on May 18, 1938 The legal dispute over the settlement amount continued until 1945.
After taking drama lessons, she embarked on a film career, signing a contract with Monogram Pictures.
In total, she starred in fourteen westerns of the period, at times with Roy Rogers and Jimmy Wakely.
She retired to Reno, and during the 1980s she attended several western film festivals.
She was diagnosed with cancer, and died in Reno on May 15, 1991. 
One for Diet Pepsi in which the Diet Pepsi machine gets drafted to play for the New England Patriots.
The other for Visa which also features members of the New England Patriots touting the 5 layers of protection.

She returned to the soap, taking on a new role, as Lexie Carver in February 1993.
Taylor was born in The Bronx, New York, to Charles and Frieda Wexler.
Taylor worked as a comedian in the early 1960s at the New York City nightclub Bon Soir.
Their screenplay received a nomination for the Writers Guild of America Award for Best Comedy.
Her character is intent on finding Fran a husband and has a passionate love for food.
Taylor married actor Joseph Bologna on August 7, 1965, in Stamford, Connecticut.
She attended Katy High School, where she was a cheerleader, gymnast, speech team member, and drama club member.
After high school, she enrolled at the University of Texas at Austin, where she graduated with a B.A.
While at university, Zellweger took a drama course as an elective, which initially sparked her interest in acting.
Zellweger began getting small parts acting, and earned her Screen Actors Guild card doing a Coors Light beer commercial.
The film, receiving critical and popular acclaim, marked the actress' big break on screen.
She was nominated for the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role.
The movie received mainly negative reviews and grossed $36 million, well below its budget $51 million.
The film was a success commercially, premiering at number one at the box office charts on its opening weekend.
For her role, she received a Satellite Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress – Drama.
The movie won the Academy Award for Best Picture, and Zellweger received positive reviews.
On May 24, 2005, Zellweger received her star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
It opened in limited release, to critical acclaim but moderate earnings at the box office.
It was co-produced by Craig Zadan and Neil Meron, and premiered in October 2008 on Lifetime Television.
It went on to become a modest success with a total gross of $29,010,817, given its budget of $8 million.
She also is a frequent guest star at New York Fashion Week, among other fashion events.
On May 9, 2005, Zellweger married singer Kenny Chesney, However, four months later the couple obtained an annulment.
Zellweger took part in the 2005 HIV prevention campaign of the Swiss federal health department.
Zellweger won a 2004 Oscar for Best Actress in a Supporting Role in the 2003 film 'Cold Mountain. 
The state shares its only land border with Northern Ireland, a part of the United Kingdom.
The Irish Free State was created in 1922 as a result of the Anglo-Irish Treaty.
It joined the European Economic Community , predecessor of the European Union, in 1973.
Ireland ranks among the wealthiest countries in the world in terms of GDP per capita.
After joining the EEC, Ireland enacted a series of liberal economic policies that resulted in rapid economic growth.
The country achieved considerable prosperity from 1995 to 2007, during which it became known as the Celtic Tiger.
Ireland is a member of the European Union and is a founding member of the Council of Europe and the OECD.
During the Great Famine, from 1845 to 1849, the island's population of over 8 million fell by 30%.
That could provide for Ireland's entire energy needs for up to 13 years, when it is developed in 2015/16.
Aer Lingus is the flag carrier of Ireland, although Ryanair is the country's largest airline.
The Enterprise service, which runs jointly with Northern Ireland Railways, connects Dublin and Belfast.
Dublin has a steadily improving public transport network including the DART, Luas, Dublin Bus, and dublinbikes.
Genetic research suggests that the earliest settlers migrated from Iberia following the most recent ice age.
After the Mesolithic, Neolithic and Bronze Age, migrants introduced a Celtic language and culture.
Migrants from the two latter eras still represent the genetic heritage of most Irish people.
Irish people are a combination of Gaelic, Norse, Anglo-Norman, English, Scottish, French, and Welsh ancestry.
The population of Ireland stood at 4,588,252 in 2011, an increase of 8.2% since 2006.
The five largest non-national cohorts were Polish , UK , Lithuanian , Latvian and Nigerian respectively.
In the 2006 census, 39% of the population regarded themselves as competent in Irish.
Irish language media include the TV channel TG4 and the radio station RTÉ Raidió na Gaeltachta.
In the Irish Defence Forces, all foot and arms drill commands are given in the Irish language.
Several other Central European languages , as well as Baltic languages are also spoken on a day-to-day basis.
All maternity services are provided free of charge and children up to the age of 6 months.
However, the majority of patients on median incomes or above are required to pay subsidised hospital charges.
Private health insurance is available to the population for those who want to avail of it.
The average life expectancy in Ireland in 2012 is 81 years , with 78.2 years for men and 83.6 years for women.
It has the highest birth rate in the EU and a very low infant mortality rate .
The education systems are largely under the direction of the Government via the Minister for Education and Skills.
Recognised primary and secondary schools must adhere to the curriculum established by the relevant authorities.
Primary, secondary and higher level education are all free in Ireland for all EU citizens.
Christianity is the predominant religion, with the Roman Catholic Church as the largest church.
Although many schools are run by religious organisations, a secularist trend is occurring among younger generations.
Ireland's culture was for centuries predominantly Gaelic, and it remains one of the six principal Celtic nations.
Ireland has made a significant contribution to world literature in both the English and Irish languages.
Dublin's Annie M. P. Smithson was one of several authors catering for fans of romantic fiction in the 1920s and 1930s.
Irish traditional music has remained vibrant, despite globalising cultural forces, and retains many traditional aspects.
It has influenced various music genres, such as American country and roots music, and to some extent modern rock.
It has occasionally been blended with styles such as rock and roll and punk rock.
Ireland has also produced many internationally known artists in other genres, such as rock, pop, jazz, and blues.
There are a number of classical music ensembles around the country, such as the RTÉ Performing Groups.
It has subsequently won the competition six more times, the highest number of wins by any competing country.
Irish social dance is a living tradition, and variations in particular dances are found across the country.
Christianity introduced simple monastic houses, such as Clonmacnoise, Skellig Michael and Scattery Island.
A stylistic similarity has been remarked between these double monasteries and those of the Copts of Egypt.
These episodes of planned settlement account for the majority of present-day towns throughout the country.
Gothic cathedrals, such as St Patrick's, were also introduced by the Normans.
Georgian townhouses produced streets of singular distinction, particularly in Dublin, Limerick and Cork.
Ireland has long been associated with thatched roof cottages, though these are nowadays considered quaint.
Recent developments include the regeneration of Ballymun and an urban extension of Dublin at Adamstown.
The Royal Institute of the Architects of Ireland regulates the practice of architecture in the state.
All these channels are available on Saorview, the national free-to-air digital terrestrial television service.
Additional channels included in the service are RTÉ News Now, RTÉjr, and RTÉ One +1.
Irish cuisine was traditionally based on meat and dairy, supplemented with vegetables and seafood.
The potato eventually formed the basis of many traditional Irish dishes after its introduction in the 16th century.
Examples of popular Irish cuisine include boxty, colcannon, coddle, stew, and bacon and cabbage.
Gaelic football and hurling are the traditional sports of Ireland as well as most popular spectator sports.
Soccer is the third most popular spectator sport and has the highest level of participation.
Although the League of Ireland is the national league, the English Premier League is the most popular among the public.
The country has produced several internationally successful golfers, such as Pádraig Harrington and Paul McGinley.
Ireland has produced champion horses such as Galileo, Montjeu, and Sea the Stars.
The annual Dublin Marathon and Dublin Women's Mini Marathon are two of the most popular athletics events in the country.
In 2011, Ireland was ranked the most charitable country in Europe, and second most charitable in the world.
The prohibition on divorce in the 1937 Constitution was repealed in 1995 under the Fifteenth Amendment.
On 23 May 2015, Ireland became the first country to legalise same-sex marriage by popular vote.
In 2015 Ireland became the second country in the world to introduce plain cigarette packaging.
These symbols are used by state institutions as well as private bodies in the Republic of Ireland.
The first four bars of the chorus followed by the last five comprise the presidential salute.
It is one of the successor states of the former Yugoslavia, from which it declared independence in 1991.
The country's capital is Skopje, with 506,926 inhabitants according to the 2002 census.
Other cities include Bitola, Kumanovo, Prilep, Tetovo, Ohrid, Veles, Štip, Kočani, Gostivar, Kavadarci, and Strumica.
Since December 2005 it has also been a candidate for joining the European Union and has applied for NATO membership.
The country's name derives from the Greek Μακεδονία , a kingdom named after the ancient Macedonians.
In the early 13th century, a revived Bulgarian Empire gained control of the region.
Following Dusan's death, a weak successor appeared, and power struggles between nobles divided the Balkans once again.
Following the partition, an anti-Bulgarian campaign was carried out in the areas under Serbian and Greek control.
To aid the implementation of this policy, some 50,000 Serbian army and gendermerie were stationed in Macedonia.
By 1940 about 280 Serbian colonies were established as part of the government's internal colonisation program .
In 1929, the Kingdom was officially renamed the Kingdom of Yugoslavia and divided into provinces called banovinas.
The concept of a United Macedonia was used by the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization in the interbellum.
During World War II, Yugoslavia was occupied by the Axis Powers from 1941 to 1945.
Bulgarian Action Committees were established to prepare the region for the new Bulgarian administration and army.
The Albanian side agreed to abandon separatist demands and to recognise all Macedonian institutions fully.
In addition, according to this accord, the NLA were to disarm and hand over their weapons to a NATO force.
It lies between latitudes 40° and 43° N, and mostly between longitudes 20° and 23° E .
The terrain is mostly rugged, located between the Šar Mountains and Osogovo, which frame the valley of the Vardar river.
Ohrid is considered to be one of the oldest lakes and biotopes in the world.
Mount Korab of the Šar Mountains on the Albanian border, at 2,764 m , is the tallest mountain in Macedonia.
The rivers flow into three different basins: the Aegean, the Adriatic and the Black Sea.
Vardar, the largest river in this basin, drains 80% of the territory or .
Its valley plays an important part in the economy and the communication system of the country.
The project named 'The Vardar Valley' is considered to be crucial for the strategic development of the country.
The river Black Drin forms the Adriatic basin, which covers an area of about , i.e., 13% of the territory.
Macedonia has around fifty ponds and three natural lakes, Lake Ohrid, Lake Prespa and Lake Dojran.
Average annual precipitation varies from in the western mountainous area to in the eastern area.
There are three main climatic zones in the country: temperate Mediterranean, mountainous, and mildly continental.
The warmest regions are Demir Kapija and Gevgelija, where the temperature in July and August frequently exceeds .
The flora of Republic of Macedonia is represented by around 210 families, 920 genera, and around 3,700 plant species.
The most abundant group are the flowering plants with around 3,200 species, which is followed by mosses and ferns .
Phytogeographically, Macedonia belongs to the Illyrian province of the Circumboreal Region within the Boreal Kingdom.
The fauna of Macedonian forests is abundant and includes bears, wild boars, wolves, foxes, squirrels, chamois and deer.
Forest birds include the blackcap, the grouse, the black grouse, the imperial eagle and the forest owl.
When sexually mature, the eel is driven by unexplained instincts in the autumn to set off back to its point of birth.
There it spawns and dies, leaving its offspring to seek out Lake Ohrid to begin the cycle anew.
The Assembly is made up of 120 seats and the members are elected every four years.
The President is the commander-in-chief of the state armed forces and a president of the state Security Council.
The President is elected every five years and he or she can be elected twice at most.
The elections were marked by a decisive victory of the centre-right party VMRO-DPMNE led by Nikola Gruevski.
The 120 members are elected for a mandate of four years through a general election.
Each citizen aged 18 years or older can vote for one of the political parties.
The members of the government are chosen by the Prime Minister and there are ministers for each branch of the society.
The current Prime Minister is Nikola Gruevski who is serving his third consecutive term in office.
Macedonia became a member state of the UN on 8 April 1993, eighteen months after its independence from Yugoslavia.
The major interest of the country is a full integration in the European and the Trans-Atlantic integration processes.
However, Macedonia has so far failed to receive a start date for accession talks as a result of the naming dispute.
At the same time Füle visited Bulgaria in a bid to clarify the state's position with respect to Macedonia.
He established that Bulgaria almost has joined Greece in vetoing the accession talks with Macedonia.
Negotiations continue between the two sides but have yet to reach any settlement of the dispute.
Statues of Alexander the Great and Philip of Macedon have been built in several cities across the country.
The Ministry of Defence develops the Republic's defence strategy and assesses possible threats and risks.
The country has developed an open economy with trade accounting for more than 90% of GDP in recent years.
Since 1996, Macedonia has witnessed steady, though slow, economic growth with GDP growing by 3.1% in 2005.
This figure was projected to rise to an average of 5.2% in the 2006–2010 period.
The flat tax rate was 12% in 2007 and was further lowered to 10% in 2008.
Despite these reforms, as of 2005 Macedonia's unemployment rate was 37.2% and as of 2006 its poverty rate was 22%.
Furthermore, the country's grey market is estimated at close to 20% of GDP.
Almost 12% of the total external trade in 2014 was done with the Western Balkan countries.
According to Eurostat data, Macedonian PPS GDP per capita stood at 36% of the EU average in 2014.
Macedonia's IT market increased 63.8% year on year in 2007, which is the fastest growing in the Adriatic region.
When Greece imposed a trade embargo on the Republic in 1994–95, the economy was also affected.
Since the end of the Greek embargo, Greece has become the country's most important business partner.
Other key partners are Germany, Italy, the United States, Slovenia, Austria and Turkey.
The country's abundance of natural and cultural attractions make it an attractive destination of visitors.
Prior to this, local government was organised into 34 administrative districts, communes, or counties .
The last official estimate from 2009, without significant change, gives a figure of 2,050,671.
According to the last census data the largest ethnic group in the country are the Macedonians.
The second largest group are the Albanians who dominated much of the northwestern part of the country.
Some unofficial estimates indicate that in the Republic of Macedonia there are possibly up to 260,000 Romani.
The above table shows ethnic affiliation of the population according to the 2002 census: Religion.
Most Muslims are Albanians, Turks, or Romani, although few are Macedonian Muslims.
Altogether, there were 1,842 churches and 580 mosques in the country at the end of 2011.
The Macedonian Orthodox Church has jurisdiction over 10 provinces , has 10 bishops and about 350 priests.
Public channel is Macedonian Radio-Television founded in 1993 by the Assembly of the Republic of Macedonia.
Other popular private channels are: Sitel, Kanal 5, Telma, Alfa TV, and Alsat-M.
Macedonia has a rich cultural heritage in art, architecture, poetry, and music.
Every year, the May Opera Evenings are held in Skopje for around 20 nights.
Tavče Gravče and mastika are considered the national dish and drink of the Republic of Macedonia, respectively.
Macedonia has participated in three Eurobaskets since then with its best finish at 4th place in 2011.
The region was dominated by Bantu-speaking tribes, who built trade links leading into the Congo River basin.
Upon independence in 1960, the former colony of French Congo became the Republic of the Congo.
The People's Republic of the Congo was a Marxist–Leninist single-party state from 1970 to 1991.
For centuries the Congo river delta served as a major commercial hub for transatlantic trade.
This Congo Colony became known first as French Congo, then as Middle Congo in 1903.
In 1908, France organized French Equatorial Africa , comprising Middle Congo, Gabon, Chad, and Oubangui-Chari .
Economic development during the first 50 years of colonial rule in Congo centered on natural-resource extraction.
The Brazzaville Conference of 1944 heralded a period of major reform in French colonial policy.
It also received a local legislature after the adoption of the 1946 constitution that established the Fourth Republic.
The Republic of the Congo received full independence from France on August 15, 1960.
Marien Ngouabi, who had participated in the coup, assumed the presidency on December 31, 1968.
Ngouabi survived an attempted coup in 1972 but was assassinated on March 16, 1977.
Two years later, Yhombi-Opango was forced from power and Denis Sassou Nguesso become the new president.
Sassou Nguesso aligned the country with the Eastern Bloc and signed a twenty-year friendship pact with the Soviet Union.
Over the years, Sassou had to rely more on political repression and less on patronage to maintain his dictatorship.
Congo's democratic progress was derailed in 1997 when Lissouba and Sassou started to fight for power in the civil war.
As presidential elections scheduled for July 1997 approached, tensions between the Lissouba and Sassou camps mounted.
In early October, the Angolan socialist régime began an invasion of Congo to install Sassou in power.
In the controversial elections in 2002, Sassou won with almost 90% of the vote cast.
Internationally, Sassou's regime has been hit by corruption revelations despite attempts to censor them.
On 25 October the government held a referendum to allow Sassou Nguesso to run in the next election.
In 2008, the main media were owned by the government, but many more privately run forms of media were being created.
Many Pygmies belong from birth to Bantus in a relationship many refer to as slavery.
The average yearly rainfall ranges from in south in the Niari Valley to over in central parts of the country.
In 2008, oil sector accounted for 65% of the GDP, 85% of government revenue, and 92% of exports.
The government has mortgaged a substantial portion of its petroleum earnings, contributing to a shortage of revenues.
The Republic of the Congo also has large untapped base metal, gold, iron and phosphate deposits.
The country is a member of the Organization for the Harmonization of Business Law in Africa .
The country's rail system was built by forced laborers during the 1930s and largely remains in operation.
The second largest group are the Teke who live to the north of Brazzaville with 17% of the population.
Boulangui live in the northwest and in Brazzaville and form 12% of the population.
The people of Republic of the Congo are largely a mix of Catholics and Protestants, who collectively account for 50.0%.
Public expenditure health was at 8.9% of the GDP in 2004, whereas private expenditure was at 1.3%.
As of 2012, the HIV 100,000 live births, and the infant mortality rate was 59.34 deaths/1,000 live births.
Female genital mutilation is rare in the country, being confined to limited geographic areas of the country.
Public education is theoretically free and mandatory for under-16-year-olds, but in practice, expenses exist.
Net primary enrollment rate was 44% in 2005, much less than the 79% in 1991.
Pupils who complete six years of primary school and seven years of secondary school obtain a baccalaureate.
At the university, students can obtain a bachelor's degree in three years and a master's after four.
Instruction at all levels is in French, and the educational system as a whole models the French system.
The educational infrastructure has been seriously degraded as a result of political and economic crises.
There are no seats in most classrooms, forcing children to sit on the floor.
Families frequently enroll their children in private schools only to find they cannot make the payments. 
She was a graduate of the Leland Powers School of the Theater in Boston, Massachusetts.
She appeared again in season four as Eleanora Poultice, the educated voice teacher of the legendary Barney Fife.
Shaw was divorced from the actor William Forester; the couple had one daughter, Kathryn Anne Forester. 
It is located in southwestern Iceland, on the southern shore of the Faxaflói Bay.
With a population of around 120,000 , it is the heart of Iceland's cultural, economic and governmental activity.
Other crafts were also practised by the Innréttingar, such as fisheries, sulphur mining, agriculture, and shipbuilding.
The year 1786 is regarded as the date of the city's founding; its 200th anniversary was celebrated in 1986.
After 1880, free trade was expanded to all nationalities and the influence of Icelandic merchants started to grow.
Reykjavík, as Iceland's only city, was the melting pot of such ideas.
Advocates of an independent Iceland realized that a strong Reykjavík was fundamental to that objective.
All the important events in the history of the independence struggle are important for Reykjavík as well.
At the time it functioned only as an advisory assembly, advising the King about Icelandic affairs.
The location of Alþingi in Reykjavík effectively established the city as the capital of Iceland.
The Royal Regiment of Canada formed part of the garrison in Iceland during the early part of the war.
The British built Reykjavík Airport, which is still in service today, mostly serving domestic flights.
In 1972, Reykjavík hosted the world chess championship between Bobby Fischer and Boris Spassky.
Reykjavík has in the last three decades become a significant player in the global community.
Deregulation in the financial sector and the computer revolution of the 1990s again transformed Reykjavík.
The Reykjavík area coastline is characterized by peninsulas, coves, straits, and islands.
During the Ice Age a large glacier covered parts of the city area, reaching as far out as Álftanes.
In the warm periods and at the end of the Ice Age, some hills like Öskjuhlíð were islands.
The former sea level is indicated by sediments reaching as far as above the current sea level.
After the Ice Age, the land rose as the heavy load of the glaciers fell away, and began to look as it does today.
The largest river to run through Reykjavík is the Elliðaá River, which is non-navigable.
The climate is cold temperate subpolar oceanic , and the city is on the northern edge of the temperate zone.
The city's coastal location does make it prone to wind, however, and gales are common in winter.
The council has 15 members who are elected using the open list method for 4 year terms.
The council selects members of boards, and each board controls a different field under the city council's authority.
The most important board is the City Board that wields the executive rights along with the City Mayor.
The City Mayor is the senior public official and also the director of city operations.
In 1982, the Independence Party regained an overall majority of the seats which it held for three consecutive terms.
However three months later the leader of the F-list formed a new majority together with the Independence Party.
At that time the city mayor received a salary of 4500 ISK per year and 1500 ISK for office expenses.
The population of Reykjavík in 2011 was 119,848, and the combined population of the Capital Region was about 202,341.
Borgartún is the financial centre of Reykjavík, hosting a large number of companies and three investment banks.
In 2009, Reykjavík was listed as the richest city in the world in 2007 by The Economist Group.
Several multi-lane highways run between the most heavily populated areas and most frequently driven routes.
Route 1 runs through the city outskirts and connects the city to the rest of Iceland.
It is mainly used for domestic flights, as well as flights to Greenland and the Faroe Islands.
In 2008, natural hot water was used to heat roughly 90% of all buildings in Iceland.
Of total annual use of geothermal energy of 39 PJ, space heating accounted for 48%.
Most of the district heating in Iceland comes from three main geothermal power plants: Cultural heritage.
Icelanders tend to go out late, so bars that look rather quiet can fill up suddenly—usually after midnight on a weekend.
There are over 100 different bars and clubs in Reykjavík; most of them are located on Laugavegur and its side streets.
It is very common for an establishment that is a café before dinner to turn into a bar in the evening.
Closing time is usually around 4:30 am at weekends and 1 am during the week.
The arrival of the new year is a particular cause for celebration to the people of Reykjavík.
Icelandic law states that anyone may purchase and use fireworks during a certain period around New Year's Eve.
As a result, every New Year's Eve the city is lit up with fireworks displays.
She was associated as an actress with both D.W. Griffith and the Fine Arts Theater.
She died in Los Angeles, California in 1964, aged 69, from undisclosed causes. 
 Rhea Mitchell Rhea Mitchell was an American film actress who began her career during the silent film era.
Mitchell began her career in 1909 playing in the Baker Theater Stock Company in her hometown of Portland, Oregon.
She followed with a season in the Orpheum Circuit and a run at the Alcazar Theater in San Francisco.
She appeared a number of times with Western star William S. Hart playing a leading role in those films.
After her retirement from films, Mitchell managed a large apartment house in Los Angeles.
Seattle police were asked to question Miss Mitchell's only known relative, an aunt, Mrs. John Benson.
Her father was an actor and a doll and toy-part salesman; he later played barfly Phil on Cheers.
Perlman began acting in the early 1970s with numerous appearances on TV films and short films.
She won the Emmy four times, in 1984, 1985, 1986 and 1989.
They have three children: Lucy Chet DeVito , Grace Fan DeVito , and Jacob Daniel DeVito .
However, in March 2013, it was reported that they had reconciled and called off the separation.
The family resides in Beverly Hills, California, and also spend time at their vacation home in Interlaken, New Jersey.


She attended the North Carolina School of the Arts, where she earned a BFA.
Griffis has been in over 30 feature films, and 33 TV films and series.
Bates was best known for playing geeky, man-hungry, hillbilly tomboys in TV shows and films of the 1970s.
She was noticed by a producer who hired her for a Don Rickles TV special.
Rhonda Bates continued to work in a few TV guest shots up until 1988, then apparently quit acting around age 40.
Fleming began working as a film actress while attending Beverly Hills High School, from which she was graduated in 1941.
Fleming exhibited her singing ability, dueting with Crosby on “Once and For Always” and soloing with “When Is Sometime”.
In 2007, a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs Walk of Stars was dedicated to her.
Joining Fleming and Eisley at the rally were Walter Brennan, Lloyd Nolan, Dale Evans, Pat Boone, and Gloria Swanson.
He and his wife, Pat Nixon, moved to Washington to work for the federal government in 1942.
Nixon was elected to the House of Representatives in 1946 and to the Senate in 1950.
He was the running mate of Dwight D. Eisenhower, the Republican Party presidential nominee in the 1952 election.
Nixon ended American involvement in the war in Vietnam in 1973 and brought the American prisoners home.
Nixon also presided over the Apollo 11 moon landing which signaled the end of the moon race.
The year 1973 saw an Arab oil embargo and a continuing series of revelations about the Watergate scandal.
After his resignation, he was issued a pardon by his successor, Gerald Ford.
He suffered a debilitating stroke on April 18, 1994, and died four days later at the age of 81.
Nixon was born on January 9, 1913 in Yorba Linda, California, in a house his father built.
The Nixon family ranch failed in 1922, and the family moved to Whittier, California.
In an area with many Quakers, Frank Nixon opened a grocery store and gas station.
Eventually, the spot was found to be scar tissue from an early bout of pneumonia.
Young Richard attended East Whittier Elementary School, where he was president of his eighth-grade class.
He played junior varsity football, and seldom missed a practice, even though he was rarely used in games.
His parents permitted Richard to transfer to Whittier High School for his junior year, beginning in September 1928.
At Whittier High, Nixon suffered his first electoral defeat, for student body president.
He generally rose at 4 a.m., to drive the family truck into Los Angeles and purchase vegetables at the market.
He then drove to the store to wash and display them, before going to school.
Nixon played for the basketball team; he also tried out for football, but lacked the size to play.
He remained on the team as a substitute, and was noted for his enthusiasm.
In 1933, he became engaged to Ola Florence Welch, daughter of the Whittier police chief.
After his graduation from Whittier in 1934, Nixon received a full scholarship to attend Duke University School of Law.
It paid high salaries to its professors, many of whom had national or international reputations.
After graduating from Duke, Nixon initially hoped to join the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Nixon was reluctant to work on divorce cases, disliking frank sexual talk from women.
In January 1942, the couple moved to Washington, D.C., where Nixon took a job at the Office of Price Administration.
Both Nixon and his wife believed he was limiting his prospects by remaining in Whittier.
He was assigned to the tire rationing division, where he was tasked with replying to correspondence.
He did not enjoy the role, and four months later, applied to join the United States Navy.
His application to enlist was successful, and he was inducted into the Navy in August 1942.
His first post was as aide to the commander of the Naval Air Station Ottumwa in Iowa.
Nixon earned two service stars and that citation of commendation, although he saw no actual combat.
Later, Nixon was transferred to other offices to work on contracts and finally to Baltimore.
After a night of excited talk between the Nixons, the naval officer responded to Perry with enthusiasm.
He was part of the Herter Committee, which went to Europe to report on the need for U.S. foreign aid.
Advocacy by Herter Committee members, including Nixon, led to congressional passage of the Marshall Plan.
Hiss was convicted of perjury in 1950 for denying under oath he had passed documents to Chambers.
He voted against price controls and other monetary restrictions, benefits for illegal immigrants, and public power.
Such a fund was not illegal, but it exposed Nixon to allegations of possible conflict of interest.
Nixon emotionally defended himself, stating that the fund was not secret, nor had donors received special favors.
The speech was a masterpiece and prompted a huge public outpouring of support for Nixon.
Eisenhower decided to retain him on the ticket, which proved victorious in the November election.
Eisenhower gave Nixon responsibilities during his term as vice president—more than any previous vice president.
Nixon attended Cabinet and National Security Council meetings and chaired them when Eisenhower was absent.
These losses caused Nixon to contemplate leaving politics once he had served out his term.
His spirits buoyed, Nixon sought a second term, but some of Eisenhower's aides aimed to displace him.
In late April, the President announced that Nixon would again be his running mate.
In the spring of 1957, Nixon undertook another major foreign trip, this time to Africa.
On his return, he helped shepherd the Civil Rights Act of 1957 through Congress.
The bill was weakened in the Senate, and civil rights leaders were divided over whether Eisenhower should sign it.
On April 27, 1958, Richard and Pat Nixon embarked on a goodwill tour of South America.
The trip was uneventful until the Nixon party reached Lima, Peru, where he was met with student demonstrations.
At his hotel, Nixon faced another mob, and one demonstrator spat on him.
His Democratic opponent was John F. Kennedy, and the race remained close for the duration.
Nixon lost the election narrowly, with Kennedy ahead by only 120,000 votes in the popular vote.
The furor drove Smith and his program from the air, and public sympathy for Nixon grew.
At the end of 1967, Nixon told his family he planned to run for president a second time.
Although Pat Nixon did not always enjoy public life , she was supportive of her husband's ambitions.
Agnew became an increasingly vocal critic of these groups, solidifying Nixon's position with the right.
Nixon waged a prominent television advertising campaign, meeting with supporters in front of cameras.
On November 2, after speaking with Chennault again, Thieu stated he would not go to Paris.
Johnson telephoned Nixon, who denied any involvement; the President did not believe him.
In his victory speech, Nixon pledged that his administration would try to bring the divided nation together.
He spoke about turning partisan politics into a new age of unity: Foreign policy.
The secrecy allowed both sets of leaders time to prepare the political climate in their countries for the contact.
Upon touching down, the President and First Lady emerged from Air Force One and greeted Chinese Premier Zhou Enlai.
A formal banquet welcoming the presidential party was given that evening in the Great Hall of the People.
When not in meetings, Nixon toured architectural wonders including the Forbidden City, Ming Tombs, and the Great Wall.
Nixon announced the ground invasion of Cambodia to the American public on April 30, 1970.
As U.S. troop withdrawals continued, conscription was reduced and in 1973 ended; the armed forces became all-volunteer.
After years of fighting, the Paris Peace Accords were signed at the beginning of 1973.
The final round of diplomatic notes, reaffirming the 1962 accord, were exchanged in November.
Nixon and Brezhnev met in Yalta, where they discussed a proposed mutual defense pact, détente, and MIRVs.
Nixon believed that Israel should make peace with its Arab neighbors and that the United States should encourage it.
This was the closest that the world had come to nuclear war since the Cuban Missile Crisis.
After the war, and under Nixon's presidency, the U.S. reestablished relations with Egypt for the first time since 1967.
I am convinced history will hold us responsible if we let this opportunity slip by...
I now consider a permanent Middle East settlement to be the most important final goal to which we must devote ourselves.
At the time Nixon took office in 1969, inflation was at 4.7 percent—its highest rate since the Korean War.
Nixon's major economic goal was to reduce inflation; the most obvious means of doing so was to end the war.
Hopeful of doing well in the South in 1972, he sought to dispose of desegregation as a political issue before then.
Agnew had little interest in the work, and most of it was done by Labor Secretary George Shultz.
Federal aid was available, and a meeting with President Nixon was a possible reward for compliant committees.
By September 1970, less than ten percent of black children were attending segregated schools.
Nixon's efforts to gain Southern support in 1968 were diluted by Wallace's candidacy.
McGovern intended to sharply reduce defense spending and supported amnesty for draft evaders as well as abortion rights.
Nixon chose Gerald Ford, Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, to replace Agnew.
On July 24, the Supreme Court ruled unanimously that the full tapes, not just selected transcripts, must be released.
Even with support diminished by the continuing series of revelations, Nixon hoped to fight the charges.
The resignation speech was delivered from the Oval Office and was carried live on radio and television.
Nixon went on to review the accomplishments of his presidency, especially in foreign policy.
Following his resignation, the Nixons flew to their home La Casa Pacifica in San Clemente, California.
With some of his staff still with him, Nixon was at his desk by 7 a.m.—with little to do.
His former press secretary, Ron Ziegler, sat with him alone for hours each day.
Nixon's resignation had not put an end to the desire among many to see him punished.
The Ford White House considered a pardon of Nixon, though it would be unpopular in the country.
Nixon, contacted by Ford emissaries, was initially reluctant to accept the pardon, but then agreed to do so.
Nixon then released a statement: In October 1974, Nixon fell ill with phlebitis.
In December 1974, Nixon began planning his comeback despite the considerable ill-will against him in the country.
He wrote in his diary, referring to himself and Pat, By early 1975, Nixon's health was improving.
The interviews garnered 45–50 million viewers—becoming the most-watched program of their kind in television history.
Nixon had wanted to return to China, but chose to wait until after Ford's own visit in 1975.
Ford won, but was defeated by Georgia Governor Jimmy Carter in the general election.
In 1976, Nixon was disbarred in the state of New York for obstruction of justice in the Watergate affair.
He was shunned by American diplomats and by most ministers of the James Callaghan government.
Two other former prime ministers, Harold Macmillan and Edward Heath declined to meet him.
He wrote guest articles for many publications both during the campaign and after Reagan's victory.
After eighteen months in the New York City townhouse, Nixon and his wife moved in 1981 to Saddle River, New Jersey.
Following this trip, Nixon was ranked in a Gallup poll as one of the ten most admired men in the world.
In January 1991, the former president founded the Nixon Center , a Washington policy think tank and conference center.
Her funeral services were held on the grounds of the Richard Nixon Library and Birthplace.
Nixon suffered a severe stroke on April 18, 1994, while preparing to eat dinner in his Park Ridge, New Jersey home.
A blood clot resulting from his heart condition had formed in his upper heart, broken off, and traveled to his brain.
He died at 9:08 p.m. on April 22, 1994, with his daughters at his bedside.
Nixon's funeral took place on April 27, 1994 in Yorba Linda, California.
Also in attendance were former Presidents Ford, Carter, Reagan, George H. W. Bush, and their wives.
Richard Nixon is buried beside his wife Pat on the grounds of the Nixon Library.
He was survived by his two daughters, Tricia and Julie, and four grandchildren.
Mourners waited in line for up to eight hours in chilly, wet weather to pay their respects.
Nixon saw his policies regarding Vietnam, China, and the Soviets as key to his place in history.
Nixon's career was frequently dogged by his persona and the public's perception of it.
He was often portrayed with unshaven jowls, slumped shoulders, and a furrowed, sweaty brow.
Nixon had a complex personality, both very secretive and awkward, yet strikingly reflective about himself.
Even Bebe Rebozo, by some accounts his closest friend, did not call him by his first name.
 Ricki Lake Ricki Pamela Lake is an American actress, producer, and Emmy Award-winning television host.
In autumn 2012, Lake embarked on a second syndicated talk show endeavor airing on weekdays.
The show specialized in topics involving invited guests and incorporated questions and comments from a studio audience.
The show debuted in syndication on September 13, 1993, and ended first-run episodes on May 25, 2004.
In 2000, Lake told Rosie O'Donnell in an interview that she had signed on for four additional years.
This after Lake began appearing on various programs in which she expressed a desire to return to the genre.
In November 2007, Lake cited sexual abuse as a child as a reason for her obesity.
On September 18, 2010, Lake's rented Malibu home was destroyed by fire.
The city lies on the Gulf of Riga, at the mouth of the Daugava.
Riga's territory covers and lies between above sea level, on a flat and sandy plain.
Riga was the European Capital of Culture during 2014, along with Umeå in Sweden.
It is home to the European Union's office of European Regulators for Electronic Communications .
Riga is served by Riga International Airport, the largest airport in the Baltic states.
Riga is a member of Eurocities, the Union of the Baltic Cities and Union of Capitals of the European Union .
Riga began to develop as a centre of Viking trade during the early Middle Ages.
Riga's inhabitants occupied themselves mainly with fishing, animal husbandry, and trading, later developing crafts .
Along with German traders also arrived the monk Meinhard of Segeberg to convert the Livonian pagans to Christianity.
The Livs, however, continued to practice paganism and Meinhard died in Ikšķile in 1196, having failed his mission.
In 1198, the Bishop Berthold arrived with a contingent of crusaders and commenced a campaign of forced Christianization.
The year 1201 also marked the first arrival of German merchants in Novgorod, via the Dvina.
Emperor Philip invested Albert with Livonia as a fief and principality of the Holy Roman Empire.
Until then, it had been customary for crusaders to serve for a year and then return home.
In 1211, Riga minted its first coinage, and Albert laid the cornerstone for the Riga Dom.
In 1212, Albert led a campaign to compel Polotsk to grant German merchants free river passage.
Polotsk conceded Kukenois and Jersika to Albert, also ending the Livs' tribute to Polotsk.
In 1221, they acquired the right to independently self-administer Riga and adopted a city constitution.
That same year Albert was compelled to recognise Danish rule over lands they had conquered in Estonia and Livonia.
The Danes landed in Livonia, built a fortress at Reval and set about conquering Estonian and Livonian lands.
In 1524, iconoclast targeted a statue of the Virgin Mary in the Cathedral to make a statement against religious icons.
It was denounced as a witch, and given a trial by water in the Daugava River.
The statue floated, so it was denounced as a witch and burnt at Kubsberg.
In that year, in the course of the Great Northern War, Russia under Tsar Peter the Great besieged plague-stricken Riga.
Along with the other Livonian towns and gentry, Riga capitulated to Russia, but largely retained their privileges.
Riga became an industrialised port city of the Russian empire, in which it remained until World War I.
The 20th century brought World War I and the impact of the Russian Revolution of 1917 to Riga.
On 3 March 1918, the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk was signed, giving the Baltic countries to Germany.
Latvia, with Riga as its capital city, thus declared its independence on 18 November 1918.
The city's Jewish community was forced into the Riga Ghetto and a Nazi concentration camp was constructed in Kaiserwald.
On 25 October 1941, the Nazis relocated all Jews from Riga and the vicinity to the ghetto.
Most of Latvia's Jews were killed on 30 November and 8 December 1941 in the Rumbula massacre.
By the end of the war, the remaining Baltic Germans were expelled to Germany.
Three entities were established on 1 September 1941, and the other three were established in October 1969.
The oldest standing bridge is the Railway Bridge, which is also the only railroad-carrying bridge in Riga.
Riga has one active airport that serves commercial airlines—the Riga International Airport , built in 1973.
Renovation and modernization of the airport was completed in 2001, coinciding with the 800th anniversary of the city.
Riga was also home to a military air base during the Cold War — Rumbula Air Base.
The city council is a democratically elected institution and is the final decision-making authority in the city.
Some have estimated that the population may fall by as much as 50% by 2050.
The proportion of ethnic Latvians in Riga increased from 36.5% in 1989 to 42.4% in 2010.
In contrast, the percentage of Russians fell from 47.3% to 40.7% in the same time period.
Riga centre also has many great examples of Art Nouveau architecture, as well as a medieval old town.
It is generally recognized that Riga has the finest and the largest collection of art nouveau buildings in the world.
The bourgeoisie of Riga used their wealth to build imposing apartment blocks around the former city walls.
The majority of them are concentrated in the central part of Riga and a few more in the Old Town.
Choral workshops and festivals are also witnessed in the host cities and are usually open to the public.
In 1960, ASK was not the only team from Riga to take the European crown.
Lindhome was born in Coudersport, Pennsylvania in 1979 and grew up in Portville, New York.
In late 2014, Lindhome stated she'd had her eggs preserved the prior year.
She explained she was undergoing hormone treatments while on tour, which made her very emotional.
Before starting her adult film career, she worked at Starbucks and at a golf course snack bar.
Jane advised her to get into the adult film business and gave Steele her card.
Joone, the founder of Digital Playground, signed her to an exclusive contract that same day.
In 2009, Steele starred in an adult film with former UFC fighter War Machine.
She later explained that this had been a joke which she had not expected people to take seriously.
On September 20, 2013, Riley Steele signed a two-year contract with director Axel Braun.

She studied at New York's Juilliard School for three years, and with Anna Eugenie Schoen-René .
She went to Vienna, where she was trained by Marie Gutheil-Schoder and Herbert Graf.
Three days later at the Metropolitan Opera in New York City, she sang Octavian opposite Lotte Lehmann.
Her most successful roles there included Cherubino , Octavian, Dalila , Laura, Hansel and Marina.
On October 22, 1977, Stevens was awarded the prestigious University of Pennsylvania Glee Club Award of Merit.
Stevens died in her Manhattan home on March 20, 2013 at the age of 99.
So he borrowed the name Carewe from a play character and took his first name from his favorite actor, Edwin Booth.
His first wife, a nonprofessional, had two daughters, Rita and Mary Jane.
Carewe was selected as one of thirteen actresses selected as one of the WAMPAS Baby Stars in 1927.
She acted opposite Edward Everett Horton in a screen adaptation of an Edgar Wallace novel.
Carewe and Mason separated in December 1934, and she filed for divorce in November 1935.
He died of a heart ailment a few hours later at the age of forty-four.
Corday was born Jeanne Paule Teipo-Ite-Marma Croset in Tahiti, where her Swiss parents were diplomats.
The change to Croset came in 1947, and the change to Paula Corday came in the 1950s.
Survivors included a daughter, Deborah Corday; a son, Daniel Nebenzal; and a brother, Gaston Croset. 
She was nominated for a Golden Globe and won the Silver Bear for Best Actress.
Gam's acting career began on Broadway and in television, after which she moved on to films.
In 2004, she appeared in one of a series of ads for the Royal Bank of Scotland.
The marriage ended in divorce, and in 1956, she married publisher Thomas Guinzburg.
She was a bridesmaid at the wedding of her close friend Grace Kelly to Prince Rainier in Monaco.
She achieved fame during the 1940s as one of the era's top stars, appearing in a total of 61 films over 37 years.
Fred Astaire, with whom she made two films, called her his favorite dance partner.
In 1980 Hayworth was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease, which contributed to her death at age 68.
Hayworth was born in Brooklyn, New York in 1918 as Margarita Carmen Cansino, the oldest child of two dancers.
Her father, Eduardo Cansino, Sr., was from Castilleja de la Cuesta, a little town near Seville, Spain.
Her mother, Volga Hayworth, was an American of Irish-English descent who had performed with the Ziegfeld Follies.
Margarita's father wanted her to become a professional dancer, while her mother hoped she would become an actress.
He believed that dancing could be featured in the movies and that his family could be part of it.
He established his own dance studio, where he taught such stars as James Cagney and Jean Harlow.
During the Great Depression, he lost all his investments as commercial interest in his dancing classes waned.
In 1931 Eduardo Cansino partnered with his 12-year-old daughter to form an act called the Dancing Cansinos.
In the early 1930s, it was a popular tourist spot for people from Los Angeles.
She danced with her father in such nightspots as the Foreign and the Caliente clubs.
Studio head Harry Cohn signed her to a seven-year contract and tried her out in small roles.
With this film's box-office success, fan mail for Hayworth began pouring into Columbia's publicity department.
The studio never officially had stars under contract, except for Jean Arthur, who was trying to break with it.
So impressed was Warner Bros., they tried to buy Hayworth's contract from Columbia, but Cohn refused to release her.
In one of her most notable screen roles, Hayworth played Doña Sol des Muire, the first of many screen sirens.
In 2002, the satin nightgown Hayworth wore for the photo sold for $26,888.
The term was adopted and used later as the title of a biopic and of a biography about her.
In 1948, at the height of her fame, Hayworth traveled to Cannes and was introduced to Prince Aly Khan.
On December 28, 1949, Hayworth gave birth to the couple's only daughter, Princess Yasmin Aga Khan.
She struggled to fit in with his friends, and found it difficult to learn French.
Although the couple did reconcile for a short time, they officially divorced by 1953.
She continued to clash with Columbia boss Harry Cohn, and was placed on suspension during filming.
She was off the big screen for another four years, mainly because of a tumultuous marriage to the singer Dick Haymes.
During her marriage to Haymes, she was involved in much negative publicity, which significantly lessened her appeal.
In 1947, Hayworth's new contract with Columbia provided a salary of $250,000 plus 50 percent of film profits.
In 1951 Columbia alleged it had $800,000 invested in properties for her, including the film she walked out on that year.
Years after her film career had ended and Cohn was dead, Hayworth still resented her treatment by him and Columbia.
So I fought him … You want to know what I think of Harry Cohn?
Hayworth resented that the studio failed to train her to sing or to encourage her to learn how to sing.
Although she appeared to sing in many of her films, she was usually dubbed.
As the public did not know the secret, she was embarrassed to be asked to sing by troops at USO shows.
They always said, 'Oh, no, we can't let you do it.
There's no time for that; it has to be done right now!'
Cohn had a reputation as a taskmaster, but he had his own criticisms of Hayworth.
Hayworth's two younger brothers, Vernon and Eduardo Cansino, Jr., both served in World War II.
Eduardo Cansino, Jr. followed Hayworth into acting; he was also under contract with Columbia Pictures.
In 1937, when Hayworth was 18, she married Edward Judson, an oilman turned promoter who was more than twice her age.
A shrewd businessman, he was domineering and became her manager for months before he proposed.
She filed for divorce from him on February 24, 1942, with the complaint of cruelty.
She noted to the press his work took him to Oklahoma and Texas while she lived and worked in Hollywood.
Judson had failed to tell Hayworth before they married he had previously been married twice.
When she left him, she literally had no money; she asked her friend Hermes Pan if she could eat at his home.
None of her colleagues knew about the planned wedding until she announced it the day before.
For the civil ceremony, she wore a beige suit, ruffled white blouse, and a veil.
A few hours after they got married, they returned to work at the studio.
They had a daughter, Rebecca, who was born on December 17, 1944, and died at the age of 59 on October 17, 2004.
When I suggested purchasing a home, he told me he didn't want the responsibility.
On November 10, 1947, she was granted a divorce that became final the following year.
Aly Khan and his family were heavily involved in horse racing, owning and racing horses.
Hayworth had no interest in the sport, but became a member of the Del Mar Thoroughbred Club anyway.
Her filly, Double Rose, won several races in France and finished second in the 1949 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
In early May, Hayworth moved to Nevada to establish legal residence to qualify for a divorce.
She stayed at Lake Tahoe with their daughter, saying there was a threat the child would be kidnapped.
There just isn't anything else in the world that can compare with her sacred chance to do that.
When Hayworth and Dick Haymes first met, he was still married and his singing career was waning.
His financial problems were so bad, he could not return to California without being arrested.
On July 7, 1954, his ex-wife Nora Haymes got a bench warrant for his arrest, because he owed her $3,800 in alimony.
Haymes was born in Argentina, and did not have solid proof of American citizenship.
When she assumed responsibility for his citizenship, a bond was formed that led to marriage.
From the start of their marriage, Haymes was deeply indebted to the Internal Revenue Service .
When Hayworth took time off from attending his comeback performances in Philadelphia, the audiences sharply declined.
Haymes's $5000 weekly salary was attached by the IRS to pay a $100,000 bill, and he was unable to pay his pianist.
Haymes' ex-wives demanded money while Hayworth publicly bemoaned her own lack of alimony from Aly Khan.
While living in New York, Hayworth sent the children to live with their nanny in Westchester County.
The assault and crisis shook her, and her doctor ordered her to remain in bed for several days.
She sued Orson Welles for back payment of child support which she claimed had never been paid.
Hayworth began a relationship with film producer James Hill, whom she went on to marry on February 2, 1958.
On September 1, 1961, Hayworth filed for divorce, alleging extreme mental cruelty.
Hayworth was a top glamour girl in the 1940s, a pin-up girl for military servicemen and a beauty icon for women.
In 1949, Hayworth's lips were voted best in the world by the Artists League of America.
She had a modeling contract with Max Factor to promote its Tru-Color lipsticks and Pan-Stik make-up.
Orson Welles noted Hayworth's problem with alcohol during their marriage, but never believed her problem was alcoholism.
She would break all the furniture and she'd get in a car and I'd have to get in the car and try to control her.
Yasmin Aga Khan spoke of her mother's long struggle with alcohol: I remember as a child that she had a drinking problem.
That was very clear and I thought, 'Well, there's not much I can do.
In 1972, the 54-year-old Hayworth wanted to retire from acting, but she needed money.
As she could not remember lines, her scenes were shot one line at a time.
Hayworth's alcoholism hid symptoms of what was eventually understood to be Alzheimer's disease.
Of course, that didn't really come until the last seven or eight years.
Alzheimer's disease had been largely forgotten by the medical community since its discovery in 1906.
In 1983 Rebecca Welles arranged to see her mother for the first time in seven years.
Speaking to his lifelong friend Roger Hill, Orson Welles expressed his concern about the visit's effect on his daughter.
He recalled seeing Hayworth three years before at an event the Reagans held for Frank Sinatra.
In her later years, Rita became known for her struggle with Alzheimer's disease.
A funeral service was held May 19, 1987, at the Church of the Good Shepherd in Beverly Hills.
The Rita Hayworth Gala, a benefit for the Alzheimer's Association, is held annually in Chicago and New York City.
The program was founded in 1985 by Princess Yasmin Aga Khan, in honor of her mother.
She is the hostess for the events and a major sponsor of Alzheimer's disease charities and awareness programs.
, a total of more than $65 million had been raised through the events. 
Johnson was born Rita Ann Johnson in Worcester, Massachusetts, the daughter of Lillian Johnson.
She worked as a waitress in her mother's lunchroom and sold hot dogs on the Boston-Worcester turnpike.
Johnson began acting on Broadway in 1935 and started her film career two years later.
Her screen time in movies after that was limited due to her reduced mobility and powers of concentration.
Moreno, whose mother was 17 at the time of her birth, was raised in nearby Juncos.
Rita's mother moved to New York City in 1936, taking her daughter, but not her son, Rita's younger brother, Francisco.
When she was 11 years old, she lent her voice to Spanish language versions of American films.
She went on to be the first Hispanic to win an Oscar , a Grammy , a Tony , and an Emmy .
On June 18, 1965, Moreno married Leonard Gordon, a cardiologist who was also her manager.
They have one daughter, Fernanda Luisa Fisher, and two grandsons, Justin and Cameron Fisher.
Moreno once considered leaving her husband but could not because she did not want to break up the family.
She was the elder sister of Juanita Quigley, who was also an actress, beginning in films at the age of three in 1934.
Her mother was Greek, born and raised in Sotire near Dropull i Sipërm in Albania, near the border of Greece.
Her father, Hassan Halilov Ibrahimoff , was a Pomak , born in Breshtene in the province of Western Thrace, Greece.
Her father changed his name from Hassan Ibrahimoff to Allan Wilson in 1960, choosing his name after a local street.
Wilson married actor Tom Hanks in 1988, and the couple have two sons, Chester and Truman.
In 2014, there was a tribute to Collins as part of the St Louis Film Festival.
 Robia LaMorte Robia Brett LaMorte, sometimes credited as Robia La Morte, is an American actress and former dancer.
After her character was killed during the second season, she returned for two more episodes as a ghost.


She has made guest appearances on Last Call with Carson Daly, Tabatha's Salon Takeover, and Access Hollywood.
Robin is a Meisner Method and Groundlings trained actress, and a member of SAG and AFTRA.
Robin competed in the inaugural World's Strongest Woman in Zambia, Africa in 2001, where she placed third.
In 2006, she began competing in figure at the Tournament of Champions, held in Anaheim.
She rows in club 8s and 4s, and Quad, Double, and single sculls.
She is most notable for taking over the role of Vulcan Lieutenant Saavik from Kirstie Alley in ' and '.
In 2004, Curtis found success as a residential real estate agent in Manlius, NY in addition to her acting career.
Ignico, Aileen Quinn and Angela Lee were the final three girls up for the role of Annie, in the 1982 film.
She is still in show business, and works in real estate for a large corporation. 

Mattson has continued to play the role for storyline arcs of varying lengths as the plotline dictated.
She was previously married to film director Ray Manzella, from May 27, 1978 until December 26, 1984.
 Robin Raymond Robin Raymond, , sometimes credited as Robyn Raymond, was a film actress.
Sydney began acting at the age of eight in local theater in her hometown of Boulder, Colorado.
At age seventeen, she moved to Hollywood with her mother to pursue a screen career.
Besides acting, Sydney along with her mother Marian Heymsfield created the company Zorbitz in 2003.
Their most notable product is the Zip-itz Zipper bracelet, which has been endorsed by a number of celebrities. 

Tunney was born in Chicago, Illinois, to a car salesman father, and a bartender mother.
Tunney married producer and director Bob Gosse on October 4, 1997; they divorced in 2006.
Tunney became engaged to interior designer Nicky Marmet on December 25, 2012, while on vacation in Rio de Janeiro.
Tunney came in second, behind Alexander, earning $200,000 for The Children's Health Fund.
In 2004, Weigert was nominated for an Emmy for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series for the role.
She married her childhood sweetheart John Kabot in a Jewish ceremony on December 20, 2008.
They lived in Plantation, Florida, near Weisman's home town of Fort Lauderdale until their divorce in 2011.
From 1996 to 2010, she was married to actor Sean Penn, with whom she has two children.
She attended La Jolla High School and Taft High School in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles.
In 1996, she married actor Sean Penn and changed her name to Robin Wright Penn.
She also received nominations for the Primetime Emmy Award in 2013 and 2014 for the same role.
In 1989, Wright became involved with actor Sean Penn following his divorce from Madonna.
In February 2009, Wright and Penn attended the 81st Academy Awards together, at which Penn won Best Actor.
Penn subsequently filed for legal separation in April 2009, but withdrew the petition in May.
On August 12, 2009, Wright filed for divorce once more, declaring she had no plans to reconcile.
In February 2012, it was reported that Wright had begun dating actor Ben Foster.
The couple split and called off their engagement November, 2014, but reunited as a couple in January 2015.
However, on August 29th, 2015 they announced they were ending their second engagement.
In 2014, she co-partnered with two California based companies called Pour Les Femmes and The SunnyLion.
The SunnyLion gives a portion of its profit back to the Raise Hope For Congo Movement. 

She was Creator & Executive Producer of pilots for Discovery / Animal Planet and 20th Century Fox Television.

Hilton was born to Mormon parents and grew up on a farm near Twin Falls, Idaho.
Hilton attended Boise Junior College and Utah State University before becoming a weather girl in her home town.
She was married and had two children, and she had divorced by the time she made her film debut.
Born in Powder Springs, Georgia, Lively was born into a family of actors.
Her mother, stepfather and all four siblings are, or have been, in the entertainment industry.
She is the daughter of talent manager Elaine Lively and Elaine's first husband Ronnie Lively .
Her siblings are sister Lori and brother Jason , and her half-siblings are Blake and Eric .
This was because Lively was only 17 at the time of filming and still a minor, while Ralph Macchio was 27 .
The couple have three children: Baylen, Kate, and Wyatt Blake and reside in the Hollywood Hills. 
 Rochelle Hudson Rochelle Hudson was an American film actress from the 1930s through the 1960s.
She remarried in 1939 to Harold Thompson, who was the head of the Storyline Department at Disney Studios.
She assisted Thompson, who was doing espionage work in Mexico as a civilian during World War II.
In 1972, Hudson was found dead in her home at the Palm Desert Country Club.
A business associate with whom she had been working in real estate discovered her body sprawled on the bathroom floor.
 Rolly Bester Rolly Goulko Bester was an American actress, and later an advertising executive.
Rolly Bester, sometimes credited as Rollie Bester, was born in New York City as Rolly Goulko.
On that series, which ran from 1940 to 1951, Lois Lane's character debuted in episode seven and was voiced by Bester.
After the Besters moved from New York, they lived on Geigel Hill Road in Ottsville, Bucks County, Pennsylvania. 
She did her first play in high school, playing one of the Von Trapp family members in The Sound of Music.
Her character, Linda Tanner, is a state investigator and the co-worker of Gabriel Holbrook .
With its 19.94 million inhabitants, it is the seventh most populous member state of the European Union.
Its capital and largest city, Bucharest, is the sixth largest city in the EU.
At the end of World War I, Transylvania, Bukovina and Bessarabia united with the sovereign Kingdom of Romania.
After the war, Romania became a socialist republic and member of the Warsaw Pact.
After the 1989 Revolution, Romania began a transition back towards democracy and a capitalist market economy.
It has been a member of NATO since 2004, and part of the European Union since 2007.
There is a scholarly dispute whether the Dacians and the Getae were the same people.
According to followers of the continuity theory, the intense Romanization gave birth to the Proto-Romanian language.
Total military and civilian losses from 1916 to 1918, within contemporary borders, were estimated at 748,000.
All cessations made to the Central Powers in the ceasefire and treaty were nullified and renounced.
With oil production of 7.2 million tons in 1937, Romania ranked second in Europe and seventh in the world.
Romania was the main source of oil for the Third Reich, and thus became the target of intense bombing by the Allies.
It is estimated that the coup shortened the war by as much as six months.
Romania remained under the direct military occupation and economic control of the USSR until the late 1950s.
A 2006 Commission estimated the number of direct victims of the communist repression at two million people.
The peaceful demonstrations degenerated into violence, prompting the intervention of coal miners summoned by Iliescu.
This episode has been documented widely by both local and foreign media, and is remembered as the June 1990 Mineriad.
Romania still faces issues related to infrastructure, medical services, education, and corruption.
Subsequently, President Klaus Iohannis repeatedly called on Ponta to step down because of the corruption scandal.
On November 4, 2015, Ponta announced that he and his government had resigned.
It’s only if parliament rejects the government twice that new elections would be called in the near future.
However, some government observers believe that elections may be held as early as sthe spring of 2016.
With an area of , Romania is the largest country in Southeastern Europe and the twelfth-largest in Europe.
They are surrounded by the Moldavian and Transylvanian plateaus and Carpathian Basin and Wallachian plains.
47% of the country's land area is covered with natural and semi-natural ecosystems.
Romania has one of the largest areas of undisturbed forest in Europe covering almost 27% of the territory.
There are almost of protected areas in Romania covering 13 national parks and three biosphere reserves.
The Danube Delta, at , is the largest continuous marshland in Europe, and supports 1,688 different plant species alone.
It is a semi-presidential republic where executive functions are held by both government and the president.
Romania also declared its public support for Turkey, and Croatia joining the European Union.
Because it has a large Hungarian minority, Romania has also developed strong relations with Hungary.
Romania terminated its mission in Iraq and withdrew its last troops on 24 July 2009, among the last countries to do so.
The prefect is appointed by the central government but cannot be a member of any political party.
Each county is further subdivided into cities and communes, which have their own mayor and local council.
The municipality of Bucharest is a special case as it enjoys a status on par to that of a county.
It is further divided into six sectors and has a prefect, a general mayor , and a general city council.
The cities and communes correspond to the NUTS-5 level divisions, but there are no current NUTS-4 level divisions.
In 2013, Romania had a GDP of around $386 billion and a GDP per capita of $19,397.
According to CIA's The World Factbook, Romania is an upper-middle income country economy.
According to Eurostat, Romania's GDP per capita was at 55% of the EU average in 2013, an increase from 42% in 2007 .
According to IMF, the GDP per capita purchasing power parity grew from $14,875 in 2007 to an estimated $19,397 in 2014.
Unemployment in Romania was at 7% in 2012, which is very low compared to other EU countries.
Industrial output growth reached 6.5% year-on-year in February 2013, the highest in the EU-27.
Exports have increased substantially in the past few years, with a 13% annual rise in exports in 2010.
Additionally, a study in 2006 judged it to be the world's second-fastest economic reformer .
After joining the EU in 2007, Romania is expected to adopt the euro sometime around 2020.
Concerns about stability were raised after the resignation of the Victor Ponta government on November 4, 2015.
The World Bank estimates the railway network at of track, the fourth-largest railroad network in Europe.
Romania is a net exporter of electrical energy and is 46th worldwide in terms of consumption of electric energy.
Around a third of the produced energy comes from renewable sources, mostly as hydroelectric power.
In 2010, the main sources were coal , hydroelectric , nuclear , and hydrocarbons .
Tourism is a significant contributor to the Romanian economy, generating around 5% of GDP.
The number of tourist has been rising, reaching 3.5 million in the first half of 2014.
More than 60% of the foreign visitors in 2007 were from other EU countries.
Popular summer attractions of Mamaia and other Black Sea Resorts attracted 1.3 million tourists in 2009.
Other attractions include Danube Delta, and Sculptural Ensemble of Constantin Brâncuși at Târgu Jiu.
More than 1.9 million foreign tourists visited Romania in 2014, 12% more than in 2013.
However, since the country's accession to the European Union, this has begun to change.
In early 2012, Romania launched its first satellite from the Centre Spatial Guyanais in French Guyana.
The largest ethnic minorities are the Hungarians, 6.5% of the population, and the Roma, 3.3% of the population.
In 1930, there were 745,421 Germans in Romania, but only about 36,000 remain today.
As of 2009, there were also approximately 133,000 immigrants living in Romania, primarily from Moldova and China.
The number of Romanians and individuals with ancestors born in Romania living abroad is estimated at around 12 million.
Foreign citizens and stateless persons that live in Romania have access to justice and education in their own language.
In 2010, the Organisation internationale de la Francophonie identifies French speakers in the country.
According to the 2012 Eurobarometer, English is spoken by 31% of Romanians, French is spoken by 17%, and Italian by 7%.
Although 54.0% of the population lived in 2011 in urban areas, this percentage has been on the decline since 1996.
Bucharest is the capital and the largest city in Romania, with a population of over 1.8 million in 2011.
Out of these, 650,000 in kindergarten , 3.11 million in primary and secondary level, and 650,000 in tertiary level .
Romania has a universal health care system, and total health expenditures by the government are roughly 5% of the GDP.
Transmissible diseases, such as tuberculosis, syphilis or viral hepatitis, are more common than in Western Europe.
, the emigration rate of doctors was 9%, higher than the European average of 2.5%.
The annual George Enescu Festival is held in Bucharest in honor of the 20th century emponymous composer.
At the Eurovision Song Contest Romanian singers have achieved third place in 2005 and 2010.
The city of Sibiu, with its Brukenthal National Museum, was selected as the 2007 European Capital of Culture.
Romanian cuisine shares some similarities with other Balkan cuisines such as Greek, Bulgarian and Turkish cuisine.
Pork, chicken and beef are the preferred meats, but lamb and fish are also popular.
Association football is the most popular sport in Romania with over 234,000 registered players as of 2010.
Dinamo București reached the European Champions' Cup semifinal in 1984 and the Cup Winners' Cup semifinal in 1990.
On 13 January 2010, Cristina Neagu became the first Romanian in handball to win the IHF World Player of the Year award.
Popular individual sports include athletics, chess, judo, dancesport, table tennis and combat sports .
Romania participated in the Olympic Games for the first time in 1900 and has taken part in 18 of the 24 summer games.
At the Winter Olympic Games, Romania has won only a bronze medal in bobsleigh at the 1968 Winter Olympics. 
Remus was the daughter of the highly successful bootlegger George Remus and his first wife Lillian Klauff Remus.
Her father, a pharmacist, later became a successful criminal defense lawyer in Chicago and a bootlegger in Cincinnati.
After the film was completed, Remus and other cast members toured with L. Frank Baum.
In 1925, George Remus was convicted of violating the Volstead Act and spent two years in federal prison.
During that time, his wife began an affair with Franklin Dodge, a government agent.
Following her work in silent films, she became a vaudeville performer and an instructor of dance and music.
In the last dozen years of her life, she was an organist at Chicago's 12th Church of Christ Scientist.
A singer, songwriter, composer, producer and director, she is perhaps best known as an actress.
Blakley was born in Nampa, Idaho, the daughter of civil engineer Ronald Blakley and his wife Carol .
Carol Blakly became a champion of gay rights after her son came out to their religious family.
She studied at Mills College, Stanford University, and went to New York to attend Juilliard for post-graduate work.
Blakley began in New York improvising vocally with Moog synthesizers in Carnegie Hall to music by Gershon Kingsley.
However, according to Blakley herself, Barbara Jean was originally supposed to have been based on Lynn Anderson.
She achieves her gifts so simply, I wasn’t surprised when somebody sitting beside me started to cry.
She has one child, a daughter, author Sarah Blakley-Cartwright, born in 1988.
Blakley's career was put on hold while she raised her daughter and also recovered from a back injury.
In October 2010, she appeared on stage at New York's Bitter End for the first time in 20 years. 

Gilbert was born in New York City and considered herself a native New Yorker her whole life.
Her mother, Sarah,was a dressmaker and trade unionist, and her father, Charles Gilbert , was a factory worker.
She encountered Library of Congress folklorist Alan Lomax and Woody Guthrie and other folk singers.
She performed in the early 1940s with the Priority Ramblers before founding the Weavers with Pete Seeger.
In the 1970s, Gilbert earned an MA in clinical psychology and worked as a therapist for a few years.
She continued to tour and appear in plays, folk festivals, and music festivals well into her 80s.
Pete Seeger was unable to attend the ceremony, and Hays had died in 1981.
Gilbert was married to Martin Weg from 1950 until 1959, and the couple have one daughter, Lisa .
Gilbert died on June 6, 2015 in Mill Valley, California, from natural causes, age 88. 
Mara was born and raised in Bedford, New York, a town in Westchester County.
Mara's mother's family founded the Pittsburgh Steelers and her father's family founded the New York Giants.
Mara's father has Irish, German, and French-Canadian ancestry, and her mother is of Irish and Italian descent.
Wellington was the long-time co-owner of the Giants, who was succeeded in that position by her uncle, John Mara.
She also wanted to be like her sister, Kate Mara, a professional actress.
Mara dropped her first name, Patricia to be known professionally by her middle name after working on the project.
Mara had auditioned for the starring role, but was offered the smaller part when the lead went to Portia Doubleday.
Mara began shooting the film in Chicago on May 5, 2009, directed by Samuel Bayer.
Mara won the role over several other actresses after two and a half months of auditions and screen tests.
Fincher initially did not picture her as the character but changed his mind when she auditioned.
Mara did not consider the film to be a remake, but another interpretation of the novel.
Mara's long brown hair was cut short and dyed black, in a style reminiscent of 1970s punk and 1980s goth fashions.
She also had each of her ears pierced four times, and had her brow and right nipple pierced for the role.
She kept the nipple piercing so that it would not need to be re-pierced for a sequel.
She began preparing for the role by starting to skateboard and kickbox, and underwent dialect and computer training.
On January 24, 2012, Mara received her first Academy Award nomination in the category of Best Actress for this role.
In May 2013, she became the new face of Calvin Klein new fragrance Down Town.
The charity's goal was to build an orphanage in the region, for which 6 acres of land have been purchased.
The charity auctioned memorabilia from the Steelers and Giants, as well as training camp events on eBay to raise money.
She began the charity due to her frustration with the growing number of nonprofits that are just business opportunities.
As of January 2012, Mara lived in the Los Feliz neighborhood of Los Angeles.
Mara's mother's family founded the Pittsburgh Steelers, and her father's family founded the New York Giants.
Blasi gave birth to her first child, a daughter Kaia, on September 20, 2006.

It was there she met Simon Templeman; the couple would eventually wed and have their reception at the Disneyland Hotel.
She later performed in television commercials and guest starred on TV series in her teenage years.
Nearly twenty years after the film, Harris played mother Golde in a touring stage revival of the same musical.
Topol, the Israeli actor who played father Tevye in the film, reprised his role, now playing her husband.
After the divorce, Pinchot and her brother lived with their mother in her townhouse in New York City.
At the age of nineteen, Pinchot was discovered by Max Reinhardt while traveling on an ocean liner with her mother.
Her death was later determined to be caused by asphyxia due to carbon monoxide poisoning and was ruled a suicide.
She was buried in the Pinchot family plot in Milford Cemetery in Milford, Pennsylvania. 
 Rosanna Arquette Rosanna Lisa Arquette is an American actress, film director, and producer.
Her siblings, Patricia, Alexis, Richmond, and David Arquette, are also actors.
In August 2013, Arquette married her fourth husband, investment banker Todd Morgan, following a two-year engagement.
During the Harlem Renaissance, she acted at New Lafayette Theater as one of the Lafayette Players.
 Rosanna DeSoto Rosanna DeSoto is a Mexican American actress who has performed in films and television.
DeSoto graduated from San Jose State University, double majoring in Spanish literature and drama.
During her tenure at SJSU, DeSoto rehearsed and performed with the Light Opera Company.
In that film, she plays Connie Valenzuela, the mother of Ritchie Valens, respectively played by Lou Diamond Phillips.
She was also friends with the late Fred Hargadon, a former Dean of Admissions at Princeton University. 

She began her career appearing mostly in theatre in Chicago and New York City during the 1950s/60s.
During the 1970s she became more active in television and film, appearing mostly in supporting roles.
Born in Chicago in 1934, she began her career appearing onstage there in the 1950s.
Gregorio was married to Belgian-American stage and film director Ulu Grosbard from 1965 until his death in 2012. 
Hobart's father, Paul Kefer, was a cellist in the New York Symphony and her mother, Marguerite was an opera singer.
He also showed the film at silent film speed and projected it through a blue tinted lens.
For two solid weeks, I was working with alligators, jaguars and pythons out on the back lot.
In 1948, Hobart was subpoenaed to appear before the Tenney Committee on Un-American Activities.
She had one child, son Judson Bosworth, from her third marriage to architect Barton H. Bosworth.
On August 29, 2000, Rose Hobart died at the actors' home in Woodland Hills, California, aged 94, from natural causes. 
King was born Rose Koenig in Eau Claire, Wisconsin, and returned there to retire.
After graduating from Eau Claire High School in 1902, she started her theater career in Denver, Colorado.
By 1912, she was an owning partner, with Edward Lynch, in the King-Lynch Players of Manchester, New Hampshire.
 Rose Marie Rose Marie Mazetta , known professionally as Rose Marie, is an American actress.
A veteran of vaudeville, her career includes film, records, theater, night clubs and television.
At five, she became a radio star on NBC and made a series of films.
Rose Marie was a nightclub and lounge performer in her teenage years before becoming a radio comedian.
She performed at the opening night of the Flamingo Hotel, which was built by Siegel.
Between 1930 and 1938, she made 17 recordings, three of which were unissued.
Rose Marie was married to trumpeter Bobby Guy from 1946 until his death in 1964.
Daniel McGowan ran an Italian chapter of the Children of God, to which both he and his wife held membership until 1978.
McGowan spent her early childhood amid the group's communes, often traveling through Europe with her parents.
Her parents returned to the United States when she was ten years old, settling in Eugene, Oregon.
At the age of 15, she officially emancipated herself from her parents and relocated to Los Angeles.
That year, McGowan gained much attention for the revealing fishnet outfit she wore to the 1998 Video Music Awards.
That role earned McGowan a nomination for Best Villain at the 1999 MTV Movie Awards.
Her role became a main one in season 3 of the series, which premiered later in 2014.
She has two, named Bug and Fester, and has personally donated to various Boston rescues.
In late 2009, McGowan was among several celebrities who participated in the protest NOH8.
McGowan had a very public three and a half year relationship with rock musician Marilyn Manson.
On October 12, 2007, it was announced by Zap2it.com that McGowan was engaged to Rodriguez.
In July 2013, after one year of dating, McGowan became engaged to artist Davey Detail.
 Rose Tapley Rose Elizabeth Tapley was an American actress of the stage and an early heroine of silent films.
She was the cousin of Captain Robert Bartlett, commander of the S.S. Roosevelt and the S.S. Karluk.
She was the granddaughter of Abram Polhemus, one of the founders of the old Dutch Reformed Church in New York City.
Tapley was educated in the public schools of Malden, Massachusetts and at Boston University.
During the season of 1900 she played every other woman's part in this play.
She starred with popular actors of the era such as Richard Mansfield, Chauncey Olcott, E.H. Sothern, and J.H.
She acted with Vitagraph, Famous Players-Lasky, and for Fox Film until her retirement in 1931.
She served as official hostess at a number of motion picture expositions at different locales throughout the country.
She made appearances in front of state legislatures, businesses, and women's clubs.
Tapley was married in March 20, 1906 to New York attorney Frank E. Holahan who died in October 1955.
She died at age 74 at the Motion Picture & Television Country Home and Hospital in Woodland Hills, California in 1956.
Her funeral was conducted at Our Lady of the Valley Catholic Church, Canoga Park, California.
She won both an Emmy and a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress for her work on the show.
In early 2012, Barr announced her candidacy for the presidential nomination of the Green Party.
She then sought the presidential nomination of the Peace and Freedom Party, which she won on August 4, 2012.
When Barr was three years old, she got Bell's palsy on the left side of her face.
At 16, Barr was hit by a car that left her with a traumatic brain injury.
Her behavior changed so radically that she was institutionalized for eight months at Utah State Hospital.
While in Colorado, Barr did stand-up gigs in clubs in Denver and other Colorado towns.
During the first season, Barr sought more creative control over the show, opposing Williams' authority.
Barr won an Emmy, a Golden Globe, a Kids Choice Award, and three American Comedy Awards for her part in the show.
That same year, Barr became the first female comedian to host the MTV Video Music Awards on her own.
She remained the only to have done so until comedian Chelsea Handler hosted in 2010.
Although 13 episodes were in production, a hysterectomy brought a premature end to both projects.
In March 2008, she headlined an act at the Sahara Hotel and Casino on the Las Vegas Strip.
On April 15, 2009, Barr made an appearance on Bravo's 2nd Annual A-List Awards in the opening scenes.
She played Kathy Griffin's fairy godmother, granting her wish to be on the A-List for one night only.
Reality television, third book, sitcom pilot, politics and Comedy Central Roast: 2011–present.
She appeared in 2011 on a Super Bowl XLV commercial for Snickers along with comedian Richard Lewis.
It was the most popular ad based on the number of TiVo users rewinding and watching it over.
The show will be set in a mobile home community and use a multiple-camera setup.
Barr's former spouse, Tom Arnold, had claimed that he would not be appearing, but he ended up doing so.
In the summer of 2014 Roseanne joined Keenen Ivory Wayans and Russell Peters as a judge on Last Comic Standing on NBC.
The Seminole County Circuit Court complaint sought more than $15,000 for emotional distress and invasion of privacy.
On September 19, 2011, she appeared at the Occupy Wall Street protests and spoke in support of the protestors.
Barr filed with the Federal Election Commission as a Green Party presidential candidate in January 2012.
She formally announced her candidacy for the party's 2012 presidential nomination on February 2, 2012.
On July 14, 2012, Barr came in second, losing the nomination to Jill Stein.
On August 4, 2012, Barr won the 2012 presidential nomination of the Peace and Freedom Party.
In 1970, when she was 17, Barr had a child whom she placed for adoption; they were later reunited.
On February 4, 1974, Barr married Bill Pentland, a motel clerk she met while in Colorado.
Barr had met Arnold in 1983 in Minneapolis, where he opened for her stand-up comedy act.
Geraldine was also Barr's manager while performing in comedy clubs and at the start of her sitcom.
Since it was six months past the statute of limitations, the suit was thrown out.
In November 1994, she became pregnant through in-vitro fertilization and they had a son named Buck.
They live on a 46-acre macadamia nut farm located on the Big Island of Hawaii.
Roseanne Barr has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on the north side of the 6700 block of Hollywood Blvd. 
She graduated from Stadium High School in Tacoma just before moving to Los Angeles, California.
In May 1951 Bowe competed in a contest to choose the queen of the sixth annual Home Show and Building Exposition.
Along with Mary Ellen Nichols, she was a runner-up to the contest winner, Linda Peterson.
She was never asked by photographers to pose for cheesecake pictures as was many a pin-up girl.
Her early experience as an entertainer included performing as a singer and dancer in amateur musicals.
The 16 beauties showcased include Jane Lynn, Alma Carroll, Shirley Kimball, Betty Sully and Honey King.
During filming she almost drowned, was stung by a sea urchin, and sustained bumps, bruises and insect bites.
The couple became the parents of a daughter, Elizabeth Langford Stack, on January 20, 1957.
In 1970, Bowe was in an automobile accident in Sacramento, California, and sustained serious internal injuries.
She crashed into a concrete culvert because of a mechanical failure in the rental car she was driving.
DeWitt was born in Flushing, Queens, New York, the daughter of Rosemarie and Kenny DeWitt.
DeWitt lived in Hanover Township, New Jersey and is a graduate of Whippany Park High School.
She attended the New College at Hofstra University where she received a Bachelor of Arts in creative studies.
In May 2013, Rosemarie and husband Ron announced that they had adopted a daughter.
 Rosemary Ames Rosemary Ames was an American film actress who had a brief career in the early 1930s.
At the time of her death on April 15, 1988, she was residing in Truth or Consequences, New Mexico. 

DeCamp was the older of two children born to William Valentine and Margaret Elizabeth DeCamp, both natives of Iowa.
DeCamp first came to fame in November 1937, when she took the role of Judy Price, the secretary Sykes gang.
DeCamp was married to Inglewood Municipal Judge John Ashton Shidler from 1941 until his death in 1998.

LaPlanche, who lived in Los Angeles, California, was Miss California in both 1940 and 1941.
A new rule after her victory disallowed contestants from competing at the national level more than once.
She was married to Harry Koplan from 1947 until his death in 1973, and had two children: a daughter Carol and son Terry.
 Rosemary Murphy Rosemary Murphy was an American actress of stage, film, and television.
She also won a Clarence Derwent Award and an Outer Critics Circle Award and was nominated for two Tony awards.
She never married and was survived by her sister, Mrs. Mildred Pond, and extended family. 
Born Rosemary Theresa Theby in St. Louis, Missouri, Theby studied at Sargent's School in New York.
This was a vamp role which she began to play frequently after depicting characters in slapstick comedies.
She declined an offer to accompany Chauncey Olcott to appear on stage for $85 per week.
After Meyers' death in 1938, she married Truitt Hughes to whom she remained married until her death.
Theby enjoyed playing golf, wearing her hair in a Bob cut, and possessed a preoccupation with personal cleanliness.
Theby died of circulatory shock on November 10, 1973, at the age of 81. 
 Rosie Malek-Yonan Rosie Malek-Yonan is an actress, author, director, public figure and activist of Assyrian ethnicity.
The Malek family or tribe came from the Assyrian village of Geogtapa, in the Urmia region of northwestern Iran.
Years later, both families returned to Tehran where her parents met and were married.
Malek-Yonan is a classically trained pianist, composer, actress, director, writer, documentary filmmaker and activist.
The work is based on true family diaries written during the 1918 Great Exodus from Urmia, Iran.
In 2015 Malek-Yonan joined the executive board of the Beverly Hills Film Festival as a consultant.
The expected result, she said, was an exodus of hundreds of thousands of Christians from Iraq.
While in Iraq, after meeting with local Assyrians, he turned in Malek-Yonan's in depth report to U.S. Officials in Iraq.
One year later, a Congressional appropriations subcommittee voted to send $10 million to aid the Assyrians in Iraq.
The film is released in Europe with French, German, Swedish and Dutch subtitles .
The Australian Premiere was on 7 August 2008, at the Australian Parliament of New South Wales in Sydney.
She is a public speaker and is often invited to lecture about the Assyrian Genocide.
She has three older brothers and an identical twin sister, Renee, who also works as a model.
Lawrence had a short-lived but memorable career in the 1930s before she married in 1939 and retired from entertainment.
Lawrence and Juvenal P. Marchisio married in 1939, and she left acting to become a housewife.
Marchisio died in 1973, and in 1987, Lawrence married John McCabe, biographer of her onetime co-stars Laurel and Hardy.
Rosina Lawrence died of cancer on June 23, 1997 at the age of 84. 
 Rosita Marstini Rosita Marstini was a dancer, stage personality, silent and sound film actress from Nancy, France.
Rosita was traced to him by notes she had written which were discovered in the dead man's residence.
The victim was known to carry large amounts of money and may have been in possession of the Crown jewels of Russia.
Aside from jewels, Katz was thought to have been wealthy from large profits in real estate and sales of liquor.
Police surmised that his murder was the act of an underworld figure who was seeking revenge.
She hosted the wedding of her daughter, Roxana Ray Stahl, when Stahl wed Daniel Steen Fletcher, Jr., in August 1949.
The marriage ceremony was conducted at St. Alban's Episcopal Church in Los Angeles, California.
The wedding reception was held in Bel Air, California at the home of John Malcolm Stahl.
Zal was born and raised in Malibu, California, the daughter of Maureen and Hossein Zal, a Los Angeles investor.
Dawson was born in Los Angeles, California, to parents Richard and Rosalie Caballero.
She continued a stage career through the 1980s and 1990s, while occasionally landing minor film and television roles.
Beckford began her career in acting as a child starring in television commercials in Jamaica.
Hart was born in Trenton, New Jersey, the daughter of Joan Irene and Edward J. Hart, Jr.
Her father was a teacher and later became the principal at Horace Greeley High School in Chappaqua, New York.
An only child whose father died when she was 2, Saint was raised in Southern California by her mother.
She has one son, Jackson, born to Saint and husband Josh Evans in December 2010.
In the early 1990s, she was the vocalist for Hollywood band Never on Sunday.
She has released her music, which include videos, as an indie producer, via DVDs, the Internet and digital downloads.
Her characters on these other shows never reached the level of cult fame that Pinky Tuscadero gave her.
Kelly was born in Mount Vernon, New York, of half Irish and half Jewish ancestry.
Although not officially retired from acting, she has not worked in the film industry in over a decade.
Kelly was also ordered to receive psychiatric counseling and pay restitution as ordered by the probation department.
 Roz Ryan Roz Ryan is an American actress, singer, voice actress, and comedian.


She retired from show business in the 1940s, but made a widely publicized comeback on Broadway in 1971.
Keeler was born in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia, Canada, to an Irish Catholic family, one of six siblings.
The teacher saw potential in Keeler and spoke to her mother about Ruby taking lessons at her studio.
During the classes, a girl she danced with told her about auditions for chorus girls.
It was a tap audition, and there were a lot of other talented girls there.
He did not answer, so she went ahead, walked up to the front of the stage, and started her routine.
The couple married September 21, 1928, in Port Chester, New York, in a private ceremony.
They are satirized in Frank Tashlin's 1937 cartoon The Woods Are Full of Cuckoos.
In 1941, she married John Homer Lowe, a Pasadena California industrial businessman and left show business the same year.
Keeler starred in the musical for two seasons on Broadway, followed by two additional years touring in the show.
In 1992, a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs, California, Walk of Stars was dedicated to her.
 Rubye De Remer Rubye De Remer was an American dancer and actress in silent films.
She worked for Associated Producers, acting opposite Lewis Stone in a number of films.
On April 7, 1924, De Remer wed Scranton, Pennsylvania, coal and iron magnate Benjamin Throop 2nd in Paris, France.
Her husband- she was his second wife- reportedly spent the entire family fortune by the time of his death.

Raised in Hailey, Idaho, Willis enrolled as a freshman at the Interlochen Arts Academy in Interlochen, Michigan.
In January 2004, she enrolled as a sophomore at Wildwood Secondary School in Los Angeles, California.
Rumer gave a standout performance in the film The Odd Way Home where she takes on the gritty role of Maya.
At , Russia is the largest country in the world, covering more than one-eighth of the Earth's inhabited land area.
Russia is also the world's ninth most populous country with nearly 144 million people in November 2014.
It shares maritime borders with Japan by the Sea of Okhotsk and the U.S. state of Alaska across the Bering Strait.
The Russian economy ranks as the tenth largest by nominal GDP and sixth largest by purchasing power parity in 2015.
Russia was the world's second biggest exporter of major arms in 2010-14, according to SIPRI data.
In prehistoric times the vast steppes of Southern Russia were home to tribes of nomadic pastoralists.
The Romans settled on the western part of the Caspian Sea, where their empire stretched towards the east.
In 3rd–4th centuries AD a semi-legendary Gothic kingdom of Oium existed in Southern Russia until it was overrun by Huns.
According to the Primary Chronicle, a Varangian from Rus' people, named Rurik, was elected ruler of Novgorod in 862.
In the 10th to 11th centuries Kievan Rus' became one of the largest and most prosperous states in Europe.
As in the rest of Europe, plague was a frequent occurrence between 1350 and 1490.
After the fall of Constantinople in 1453, Moscow claimed succession to the legacy of the Eastern Roman Empire.
In development of the Third Rome ideas, the Grand Duke Ivan IV was officially crowned the first Tsar of Russia in 1547.
Russia continued its territorial growth through the 17th century, which was the age of Cossacks.
Cossacks were warriors organized into military communities, resembling pirates and pioneers of the New World.
Under Peter the Great, Russia was proclaimed an Empire in 1721 and became recognized as a world power.
The reign of Peter I's daughter Elizabeth in 1741–62 saw Russia's participation in the Seven Years' War .
Catherine II , who ruled in 1762–96, presided over the Age of Russian Enlightenment.
At the same time, Russians colonized Alaska and even founded settlements in California, such as Fort Ross.
Alexander I headed Russia's delegation at the Congress of Vienna that defined the map of post-Napoleonic Europe.
Nicholas's successor Alexander II enacted significant changes in the country, including the emancipation reform of 1861.
In 1916, the Brusilov Offensive of the Russian Army almost completely destroyed the military of Austria-Hungary.
All this formed the climate for the Russian Revolution of 1917, carried out in two major acts.
The monarchy was replaced by a shaky coalition of political parties that declared itself the Provisional Government.
The rule of the new authorities only aggravated the crisis in the country, instead of resolving it.
By the end of the civil war, Russia's economy and infrastructure were heavily damaged.
Millions became White émigrés, and the Povolzhye famine of 1921 claimed up to 5 million victims.
Following Lenin's death in 1924, a troika was designated to govern the Soviet Union.
Although the German army had considerable early success, their attack was halted in the Battle of Moscow.
The Red Army occupied Eastern and Central Europe after the war, including East Germany and part of Austria.
Many of the newly rich moved billions in cash and assets outside of the country in an enormous capital flight.
Millions plunged into poverty, from a level of 1.5% in the late Soviet era to 39–49% by mid-1993.
The 1990s saw extreme corruption and lawlessness, the rise of criminal gangs and violent crime.
High budget deficits caused the 1998 Russian financial crisis and resulted in a further GDP decline.
On 2 March 2008, Dmitry Medvedev was elected President of Russia while Putin became Prime Minister.
Putin returned to the presidency following the 2012 presidential elections, and Medvedev was appointed Prime Minister.
The Russian Federation is recognized in international law as a successor state of the former Soviet Union.
As of 2009, it maintains diplomatic relations with 191 countries and has 144 embassies.
The foreign policy is determined by the President and implemented by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia.
The country participates in the Quartet on the Middle East and the Six-party talks with North Korea.
Russia is a member of the G8 industrialized nations, the Council of Europe, OSCE, and APEC.
Russia usually takes a leading role in regional organisations such as the CIS, EurAsEC, CSTO, and the SCO.
In May 2003, the EU and Russia agreed to reinforce their cooperation on the basis of common values and shared interests.
The Russian military is divided into the Ground Forces, Navy, and Air Force.
It is mandatory for all male citizens aged 18–27 to be drafted for a year of service in Armed Forces.
Russia's tank force is the largest in the world, its surface navy and air force are among the largest ones.
In 2010-14, Russia delivered weapons to 56 states and to rebel forces in eastern Ukraine.
The official budget is set to rise to 3.03 trillion rubles in 2015, and 3.36 trillion rubles in 2016.
This estimate is an increase of more than US$18 billion on SIPRI's estimate of the Russian military budget for 2011 .
As of 2014, Russia's military budget is higher than any other European nation.
The two most widely separated points in Russia are about apart along a geodesic line.
These points are: in the west, the same spit on the boundary with Poland, and in the east, the Big Diomede Island.
The Ural Mountains, rich in mineral resources, form a north-south range that divides Europe and Asia.
The Diomede Islands are just apart, and Kunashir Island is about from Hokkaido, Japan.
Other major lakes include Ladoga and Onega, two of the largest lakes in Europe.
The Siberian rivers Ob, Yenisey, Lena and Amur are among the longest rivers in the world.
Both the strip of land along the shore of the Arctic Ocean and the Russian Arctic islands have a polar climate.
In winter, temperatures get colder both from south to north and from west to east.
Russia has a developed, high-income market economy with enormous natural resources, particularly oil and natural gas.
It has the 15th largest economy in the world by nominal GDP and the 6th largest by purchasing power parity .
The average nominal salary in Russia was $967 per month in early 2013, up from $80 in 2000.
Unemployment in Russia was 5.4% in 2014, down from about 12.4% in 1999.
The middle class has grown from just 8 million persons in 2000 to 104 million persons in 2013.
Sugar imports reportedly dropped 82% between 2012 and 2013 as a result of the increase in domestic output.
Oil, natural gas, metals, and timber account for more than 80% of Russian exports abroad.
The country has a higher proportion of higher education graduates than any other country in Eurasia.
In December 2011, Russia finally joined the World Trade Organisation, allowing it a greater access to overseas markets.
Some analysts estimate that WTO membership could bring the Russian economy a bounce of up to 3% annually.
Russia ranks as the second-most corrupt country in Europe , according to the Corruption Perceptions Index.
It is estimated that corruption is costing the Russian economy an estimated $2 billion per year.
The Russian central bank announced plans in 2013 to free float the Russian ruble in 2015.
Russia's total area of cultivated land is estimated at , the fourth largest in the world.
The production of meat has grown from 6,813,000 tonnes in 1999 to 9,331,000 tonnes in 2008, and continues to grow.
Since Russia borders three oceans , Russian fishing fleets are a major world fish supplier.
In recent years, Russia has frequently been described in the media as an energy superpower.
Large cascades of hydropower plants are built in European Russia along big rivers like Volga.
Russia was the first country to develop civilian nuclear power and to construct the world's first nuclear power plant.
Railway transport in Russia is mostly under the control of the state-run Russian Railways monopoly.
The total length of common-used railway tracks exceeds , second only to the United States.
As of 2006 Russia had 933,000 km of roads, of which 755,000 were paved.
With a large land area the road density is the lowest of all the G8 and BRIC countries.
Much of Russia's inland waterways, which total, are made up of natural rivers or lakes.
In the European part of the country the network of channels connects the basins of major rivers.
Moscow Metro and Saint Petersburg Metro are the oldest in Russia, opened in 1935 and 1955 respectively.
In the 19th and 20th centuries the country produced a large number of notable scientists and inventors.
In Russia, approximately 70 per cent of drinking water comes from surface water and 30 per cent from groundwater.
In 2004, water supply systems had a total capacity of 90 million cubic metres a day.
The water utilities sector is one of the largest industries in Russia serving the entire Russian population.
In all, 160 different other ethnic groups and indigenous peoples live within its borders.
Though Russia's population is comparatively large, its density is low because of the country's enormous size.
Population is densest in European Russia, near the Ural Mountains, and in southwest Siberia.
73% of the population lives in urban areas while 27% in rural ones.
Russia's population peaked at 148,689,000 in 1991, just before the dissolution of the Soviet Union.
In 2009, Russia recorded annual population growth for the first time in fifteen years, with total growth of 10,500.
279,906 migrants arrived to the Russian Federation the same year, of which 93% came from CIS countries.
The number of Russian emigrants steadily declined from 359,000 in 2000 to 32,000 in 2009.
There are also an estimated 10 million illegal immigrants from the ex-Soviet states in Russia.
According to the Census, 84.93% of the Russian population belongs to European ethnic groups .
This is a decline from the 2002, when they constituted for more than 86% of the population.
Russia's birth rate is higher than that of most European countries , but its death rate is also substantially higher .
The government is implementing a number of programs designed to increase the birth rate and attract more migrants.
In 2009 Russia experienced its highest birth rate since the dissolution of the Soviet Union.
Russian is the most geographically widespread language of Eurasia, as well as the most widely spoken Slavic language.
There is no official census of religion in Russia, and estimates are based on surveys only.
However, the vast majority of Orthodox believers do not attend church on a regular basis.
It is the traditional or predominant religion amongst some Caucasian ethnicities , and amongst some Turkic peoples .
Altogether, there are 9,400,000 Muslims in Russia or 6.5% of the total population as of 2012 .
Most of the regions of Siberia have an unaffiliated Muslim population of 1% to 2%.
Buddhism is traditional in three regions of the Russian Federation: Buryatia, Tuva, and Kalmykia.
Various reports put the number of non-religious in Russia at between 16–48% of the population.
According to a 2004 poll done by the BBC, 24% of Russians claimed that they did not believe in the existence of God.
In practice, however, free health care is partially restricted because of mandatory registration.
As of 2014, the average life expectancy in Russia was 65.29 years for males and 76.49 years for females.
Russia has the most college-level or higher graduates in percentage of population in the world.
In 2004, state spending for education amounted to 3.6% of the GDP, or 13% of the consolidated state budget.
The oldest and largest Russian universities are Moscow State University and Saint Petersburg State University.
Black bread is rather popular in Russia, compared to the rest of the world.
Russians have many traditions, including the washing in banya, a hot steam bath somewhat similar to sauna.
The 18th-century taste for rococo architecture led to the ornate works of Bartolomeo Rastrelli and his followers.
The second half of the 19th century was dominated by the Neo-Byzantine and Russian Revival styles.
Prevalent styles of the 20th century were the Art Nouveau, Constructivism, and the Stalin Empire style.
Early Russian painting is represented in icons and vibrant frescos, the two genres inherited from Byzantium.
The Russian Academy of Arts was created in 1757 and gave Russian artists an international role and status.
Notable artists from this era include El Lissitzky, Kazimir Malevich, Wassily Kandinsky, and Marc Chagall.
Soviet art produced works that were furiously patriotic and anti-fascist during and after the Great Patriotic War.
Multiple war memorials, marked by a great restrained solemnity, were built throughout the country.
The Bolshoi Ballet in Moscow and the Mariinsky Ballet in St Petersburg remain famous throughout the world.
Leo Tolstoy and Fyodor Dostoyevsky have been described by literary critics as the greatest novelists of all time.
By the 1880s, the age of the great novelists was over, and short fiction and poetry became the dominant genres.
In the 1930s censorship over literature was tightened in line with the policy of socialist realism.
The late 1980s and 1990s were a period of crisis in Russian cinema and animation.
Russia's total box-office revenue in 2007 was $565 million, up 37% from the previous year.
The 1980 Summer Olympics were held in Moscow while the 2014 Winter Olympics were hosted in Sochi.
Russia has not won the Olympic ice hockey tournament since the Unified Team won gold in 1992.
Recently Russia won the 2008, 2009, 2012 and the 2014 IIHF World Championships.
The Kontinental Hockey League was founded in 2008 as a successor to the Russian Superleague.
The Soviet Union won all the Bandy World Championships for men between 1957–79 and some thereafter too.
In 1956 and 1988, the Soviet Union won gold at the Olympic football tournament.
Russian clubs CSKA Moscow and Zenit St Petersburg won the UEFA Cup in 2005 and 2008 respectively.
The Russian national football team reached the semi-finals of Euro 2008, losing only to the eventual champions Spain.
Russian basketball club PBC CSKA Moscow is one of the top teams in Europe, winning the Euroleague in 2006 and 2008.
Figure skating is another popular sport in Russia, especially pair skating and ice dancing.
With the exception of 2010 a Soviet or Russian pair has won gold at every Winter Olympics since 1964.
In martial arts, Russia produced the sport Sambo and renowned fighters, like Fedor Emelianenko.
A huge military parade, hosted by the President of Russia, is annually organised in Moscow on Red Square.
The Russian anthem shares its music with the Soviet Anthem, though not the lyrics.
The Soviet Red Stars are also encountered, often on military equipment and war memorials.
The Red Banner continues to be honored, especially the Banner of Victory of 1945.
The most visited destinations in Russia are Moscow and Saint Petersburg, the current and former capitals of the country.
Rich palaces and parks are found in the former imperial residences in suburbs of Moscow and St Petersburg .
Kazan, the capital of Tatarstan, shows a mix of Christian Russian and Muslim Tatar cultures.
She was a fan of theater, music, the Chicago Cubs, Chicago Bears and Chicago Bulls.
She was married to actor Richard Bright from 1977 until his death in 2006; they had one son, Jeremy.
She has also won a Clio and is a member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
 Ruth Buzzi Ruth Ann Buzzi is an American comedian and actress of theatre, film, and television.
Her father was born in Arzo, Switzerland, in the Italian-speaking canton of Ticino, a few miles from the Italian border.
He was asked to work on the carving of the Presidents on Mount Rushmore but declined, out of a fear of heights.
At 17, she enrolled at the Pasadena Playhouse for the Performing Arts and graduated with honors.
Before graduation from college however, she was a working actress with a union card in musical and comedy revues.
Buzzi first used this look when she played Agnes Gooch in a school production of Auntie Mame.
Buzzi, as Gladys, was featured in most of the Dean Martin Roasts from the MGM Hotel in Las Vegas.
Gladys then declared to the audience that, when Martin and other men looked at her, only one thing came to their minds.
In 1986, she voiced for the character Nose Marie in the Hanna-Barbera animated series Pound Puppies.
On November 22, 2014 Women in Film awarded Buzzi their highest achievement honor, the Topaz Award, at their annual gala.
Buzzi lives with her husband on a 600-acre cattle and horse ranch in Southlake, Texas.
Buzzi is active in fundraising for the Utopia Animal Rescue Ranch in Medina, Texas and other animal causes.
In the late 1930s, Chatterton retired from film acting but continued her career on the stage.
Chatterton briefly returned to screen acting in the 1950s before her death of a cerebral hemorrhage in 1961.
Chatterton was born in New York City on Christmas Eve 1892 to Walter, an architect, and Lillian Chatterton.
Chatterton accepted the challenge and, a few days later, joined the chorus of the stage show.
Aged 16, Chatterton joined the Friend Stock Company in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, where she remained for six months.
In 1924, Chatterton and her first husband, actor Ralph Forbes, moved to Los Angeles.
Chatterton was able to make the transition from silents to sound because of her stage experience.
The film was a critical and box office success, and effectively launched Chatterton's career.
For her work in the film, Chatterton received her first nomination for an Academy Award for Best Actress.
She moved back to the Eastern United States where she lived with her third husband.
Chatterton was also one of the few woman aviators at the time, and was good friends with Amelia Earhart.
After the death of her third husband in 1960, Chatterton lived alone in the home they shared near Redding, Connecticut.
On November 21, 1961, she suffered a cerebral hemorrhage while friends were visiting her home.
She was taken to Norwalk Hospital in Norwalk, Connecticut where she died on November 24.
She was cremated and is interred in a niche in the Lugar Mausoleum at Beechwoods Cemetery in New Rochelle, New York.
She got work as an extra and began her career at 15 at Universal, in fairly substantial roles.
She was a favorite of director John Ford , who used her in eight films, but rarely in substantial roles.
She was also, for a time, the voice of Walt Disney's Minnie Mouse and Daisy Duck.
She lived long enough to find herself in demand for documentary interviews on the subject of early Hollywood.
Though she made her first film appearance in 1913, her Hollywood career began in earnest in 1931 and lasted until 1957.
Her uncle, Frederick W. Donnelly, was the longtime mayor of Trenton, New Jersey. 
Duccini died of natural causes in Las Vegas, aged 95, on January 16, 2014.
As a young girl, Etting had wanted to be an artist; she drew and sketched everywhere she was able.
Snyder made arrangements for Etting's recording and film contracts as well as her personal and radio appearances.
Etting intended to retire from performing in 1935, but this did not happen until after her divorce from Snyder in 1937.
Harry Myrl Alderman, Etting's pianist, was separated from his wife when he and Etting began a relationship.
Saying he intended to kill Etting, Alderman, and his own daughter, Edith, who worked for Etting, Snyder shot Alderman.
Three days after Alderman was shot, his wife filed suit against Etting for alienation of affections.
The couple was married during Moe Snyder's trial for attempted murder in December 1938.
Etting was born in David City, Nebraska in 1897 to Alfred, a banker, and Winifred Etting.
Her father remarried and moved away from David City and was no longer a part of his daughter's life.
Etting was interested in drawing at an early age and hoped to be able to draw illustrations for a newspaper.
She left David City at the age of sixteen to attend art school in Chicago.
While she enjoyed singing at school and in church, Etting never took voice lessons.
Her big moment came when a featured vocalist suddenly became ill and was unable to perform.
Because of her inexperience in the ways of the big city, she became reliant on Snyder after their meeting.
Etting and Snyder met in 1922, when she was performing at the Marigold Gardens.
However, he did not ask her to sing at all; only to walk up and down the room.
She was hired on that basis because Ziegfeld did not hire women with big ankles.
She described the short films as either having a simple plot to allow for her to sing two songs or with no plot at all.
Etting believed she might have had more success in full-length films if she had been giving some acting lessons.
Etting also had her own twice weekly 15 minute radio show on CBS in the 1930s.
By 1934, she was on NBC with sports announcer Ted Husing doing the announcing and Oldsmobile sponsoring her program.
After an unissued test made by Victor on April 4, 1924, Etting was signed to Columbia Records in February 1926.
She remained at Columbia through June 1931, when she split her recording between ARC and Columbia through March 1933.
Etting then signed with Brunswick and remained there until May 1934, when she re-signed with Columbia through July 1935.
Etting saved some of her paycheck each week, regardless of the amount she was making at the time.
She divorced Moe Snyder on the grounds of cruelty and abandonment on November 30, 1937.
She deducted the gambling debts of Snyder she had paid and costs she had paid for a home for Snyder's mother.
Etting fell in love with her pianist, Myrl Alderman, who was separated from his wife.
Though the couple was divorced, Snyder was also upset because of reports that she was seeing another man.
He called again that evening; this time Etting took the call with her cousin, Arthur Etting, listening on an extension.
She believed the danger was over when Snyder did not appear soon after his telephone call and released her bodyguards.
Edith, Snyder's daughter by a previous marriage, worked for Etting and remained living with her after the divorce.
Snyder said he intended to kill all three, and told them to be quiet.
Upon seeing Etting's gun, Moe Snyder wrested it away from her; it landed on the floor.
Snyder's daughter, Edith, picked it up and held it on her father, shooting at him but hitting the floor instead.
During the course of the trial, there was also a question of the validity of Alderman's marriage to Alma.
Helen Alderman Warne also appeared in court, claiming that Alma Alderman had spirited Myrl away from her.
Snyder was convicted of attempted murder, but released on appeal after one year in jail.
Snyder won a new trial but returned to jail in January 1940 in lieu of bail.
Etting traveled alone to New York and during a newspaper interview, was asked if she had ever seen Moe Snyder again.
Alderman, who was raised in Colorado Springs, operated a restaurant there for a time.
Etting, Myrl Alderman and Moe Snyder all sold their rights to the story to MGM; Snyder was living in Chicago in 1955.
She married actor Peter Van Eyck in the 1940s, but the marriage was unsuccessful.
Van Eyck was the father of her daughter, Shelley, who was born in 1941.
Welles' assistance helped her to land contracts with Columbia Pictures and Warner Bros. studios.
Ford married film star Zachary Scott and they remained together until Scott's death in 1965.
Zachary Scott reportedly died penniless except for a $100,000 insurance policy he left for his widow.
He's just as nice as he can be and looks just the same all the time.
She's just as beautiful and natural off the screen as she is on and is admired by everyone.
The film was made by Metropolitan Studios, an independent film company from Fort Lee, New Jersey.
She continued to work steadily on Broadway and as a radio actress throughout the 1930s and 1940s.
The latter series was notable in that it was a prime time show in which each episode was only five minutes long.
Gilbert's career reached its zenith in the 1950s and thereafter began to slow down.
Gilbert died on the October 13, 1993 at the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in Manhattan of brain cancer. 
 Ruth Godfrey Ruth Godfrey was an American film actress, best known for her work in several Three Stooges shorts.
Miss Godfrey has taught such stars as Jimmy Cagney, Gene Nelson, Jane Powell, Ann Sothern and Lucille Ball.
Godfrey retired from film shortly after production on the Stooge short films ceased in December 1957.
Godfrey died in the Northridge section of Los Angeles, California on January 7, 1985. 
She gained international visibility and critical acclaim for film roles which continued into her seventies and eighties.
She was the only child of Annie Tapley and Clinton Jones, a factory foreman who had been a ship's captain.
Prior to graduating from Quincy High School, she wrote to several of her favorite actresses for autographed pictures.
After a three-month recovery, she and Kelly relocated to Indianapolis where they started a repertory company.
Gordon married her second husband, writer Garson Kanin, who was 16 years her junior, in 1942.
The couple were close friends of Hepburn and Tracy, and incorporated elements of their real personalities in the films.
On August 28, 1985, Ruth Gordon died at her summer home in Edgartown, Massachusetts, following a stroke.

 Ruth Hiatt Ruth Hiatt was an actress in motion pictures beginning in the silent film era.
She is known for performing in 1920s comedies directed by Jack White, Norman Taurog, and Mack Sennett.
Hiatt made her film debut at the age of nine with the Western Lubin Company in San Diego, California.
In the role she wears high top shoes which were once worn by United States Senator Harry Lane of Oregon.
In August 1922, Hiatt modeled for Beckman Furs of West 7th Street in Los Angeles, California.
She won first prize for beauty at the annual Venice Beach bathing beauties parade in August 1923.
She wore a costume of black and white checkered silk, with hat and slippers that matched.
She never landed a role in any of the plays for which she tried out at Pembroke.
She wrote the ad copy for a Providence clothing store and read it on the radio each afternoon.
She was encouraged by a friend to try out for acting roles at the Providence Playhouse.
The theater director there turned her down, saying the roles were cast only out of New York City.
In New York City, she also worked for a time as a model with the world-famous Powers agency.
MGM signed her to a players contract and she made her film debut in 1937.
They raised three children: George Robert Longenecker, John William Longenecker, and Mary Elizabeth Hendrix.
In 1977, her husband and she moved from their Brentwood family home to Rancho Carlsbad in Carlsbad, California.
Hussey died April 19, 2005, at the age of 93, from complications from an appendectomy. 
She understudied leading lady Helen Traubel and played her role twenty times during the show's run.
She was survived by her brother, Howard S. Kahn, and various nephews and nieces. 
 Ruth McDevitt Ruth McDevitt was an American stage, film, radio and television actress.
McDevitt was a familiar face on television during the 1950s, 1960s, and 1970s.
The series attracted a good audience, but was cancelled two months after Sheridan's 1967 death from cancer.
 Ruth Mix Nadine Ruth Mix was the daughter of western film star Tom Mix, and a B-movie actress during the 1930s.
Born in Dewey, Oklahoma, to Tom and Olive Stokes Mix, she started her acting career following in her father's footsteps.
She played the female lead in a few B-westerns, starring alongside Wally Walls and Hoot Gibson.
She then retired from acting and began taking the lead role for her father's circus and wild west show.
That business went bankrupt by the end of the 1930s, during the Great Depression.
Some accounts say that she died in 1972, but it is most commonly believed that she died in 1977. 
She was hired by director Sidney Olcott who had seen her on stage in New York City.
Aged 12, she was the youngest student at Hollywood High School, having attended the school around 1904 or 1905 .
Roland left Kalem and went on to even more fame at Balboa Films, where she was under contract from 1914–1917.
Bard also had stage acting in common and ran a Hollywood acting school after they married.
 Ruth Royce Ruth Royce was a vaudeville performer and silent film actress from Versailles, Missouri.
In 1923, Royce, along with other Hollywood actors, participated in a vaudeville show at Universal City.
 Ruth Stonehouse Ruth Stonehouse was an actress and film director during the silent film era.
Her stage career started at the age of eight as a dancer in Arizona shows.
Ruth Stonehouse was born to James Wesley Stonehouse and Georgia C. Worster on September 28, 1892 in Denver, Colorado.
She worked for Triangle Film Corporation and Universal Pictures during a career which extended from 1911 until 1928.
Stonehouse was an avid gardener who grew fibrous-rooted begonias, pleromas, fuchsias, cinerias, and hyacinths.
Ruth Stonehouse died in Hollywood, California of a cerebral hemorrhage on May 12, 1941, at the age of 48.
She was two years old when her parents moved to Portland, Oregon, where she graduated from high school.
She was discovered by Mack Sennett in February 1925 when he was looking for a blonde to play in a Harry Langdon comedy.
In return, every fan was mailed a photo of Ruth Taylor when she was selected for the part.
Later in life she was to marry a retired USAF Brigadier General and New York stockbroker, Paul Steinberg Zuckerman.
He had served in the Lafayette Escadrille during World War I, and as a senior officer in World War II.

Her character, Edith Hughes, was madly in love with a married man, Jim Lowell.
Warrick received an Emmy Award nomination for her work on this show in 1967, the same year she left the show.
Combined with Warrick's own health problems, that signaled a reduction in her screen time in the 1990s.
Warrick broke her hip while on vacation in Greece in 2001 and thenceforth used a wheelchair.
Upon Carter's 1980 defeat, she sent him a long letter thanking him for his efforts.
He replied, telling her that if he had hired her as a speechwriter, he would have been reelected.
She died of complications related to pneumonia on January 15, 2005, aged 88.
Her family donated her 2004 Lifetime Achievement Emmy Award to a museum in her hometown of Saint Joseph, Missouri. 
 Ruth White Ruth Patricia White was an American actress who worked in theatre, film, and television.
She was an Emmy Award and Obie Award winner and also a Tony Award nominee.
While pursuing her acting career in nearby New York City, she taught acting and drama at Seton Hall University.
White's career was delayed in the late 1950s while she nursed her ailing mother.
However, she managed to recover and appeared in off-Broadway plays of Samuel Beckett and Edward Albee .
Additionally, she has previously had film acting roles, as well as guest appearances on television shows.
Hayes, an attorney in Ohio, became city solicitor of Cincinnati from 1858 to 1861.
When the Civil War began, he left a fledgling political career to join the Union Army as an officer.
After the war, he served in the U.S. Congress from 1865 to 1867 as a Republican.
In 1876, Hayes was elected president in one of the most contentious and confused elections in national history.
Hayes believed in meritocratic government, equal treatment without regard to race, and improvement through education.
He implemented modest civil service reforms that laid the groundwork for further reform in the 1880s and 1890s.
His policy toward Western Indians anticipated the assimilationist program of the Dawes Act of 1887.
Hayes's father, a Vermont storekeeper, took the family to Ohio in 1817.
She never remarried; Sophia's younger brother, Sardis Birchard, lived with the family for a time.
He was always close to Hayes and became a father figure to him, contributing to his early education.
John Noyes, an uncle by marriage, had been his father's business partner in Vermont and was later elected to Congress.
John Humphrey Noyes, the founder of the Oneida Community, was also a first cousin.
He became a member of the Sons of the American Revolution based on his descent from Daniel Austin and Elias Birchard.
After briefly reading law in Columbus, Ohio, Hayes moved east to attend Harvard Law School in 1843.
Graduating with an LL.B, he was admitted to the Ohio bar in 1845 and opened his own law office in Lower Sandusky .
Business remained meager on his return to Lower Sandusky, and Hayes decided to move to Cincinnati.
Hayes moved to Cincinnati in 1850, and opened a law office with John W. Herron, a lawyer from Chillicothe.
They became engaged in 1851 and married on December 30, 1852, at the house of Lucy's mother.
Over the next five years, Lucy gave birth to three sons: Birchard Austin , Webb Cook , and Rutherford Platt .
She influenced her husband's views on those issues, although he never formally joined her church.
Hayes also defended slaves who had escaped and were accused under the recently enacted Fugitive Slave Act of 1850.
Although Ohio had voted for Lincoln in 1860, the Cincinnati voters turned against the Republican party after secession.
Hayes was promoted to major, and his friend and college classmate Stanley Matthews was appointed lieutenant colonel.
Hayes led a charge against an entrenched position and was shot through his left arm, fracturing the bone.
Eventually, his men brought Hayes back behind their lines, and he was taken to hospital.
The regiment continued on to Antietam, but Hayes was out of action for the rest of the campaign.
The division spent the following winter and spring near Charleston, Virginia , out of contact with the enemy.
Following the rout, the Union forces destroyed Confederate supplies and again successfully skirmished with the enemy.
Hayes and his brigade moved to the Shenandoah Valley for the Valley Campaigns of 1864.
Hunter believed the troops at Lynchburg were too powerful, however, and Hayes and his brigade returned to West Virginia.
Early's army surprised them at Kernstown on July 24, where Hayes was slightly wounded by a bullet to the shoulder.
Hayes also had a horse shot out from under him, and the army was defeated.
Retreating into Maryland, the army was reorganized again, with Major General Philip Sheridan replacing Hunter.
They followed up the victory with another at Fisher's Hill on September 22, and one more at Cedar Creek on October 19.
Around this time, Hayes learned of the birth of his son, George Crook Hayes.
When the 39th Congress assembled in December 1865, Hayes was sworn in as a part of a large Republican majority.
They worked to reject Johnson's vision of Reconstruction and to pass the Civil Rights Act of 1866.
Despite these constraints, Hayes oversaw the establishment of a school for deaf-mutes and a reform school for girls.
He also proposed a reduction in state taxes and reform of the state prison system.
Choosing not to seek re-election, Hayes looked forward to retiring from politics in 1872.
Hayes declined the offers, preferring to preserve party unity and retire to private life.
Hayes especially looked forward to spending time with his children, two of whom had been born in the past five years.
That same year, the Panic of 1873 hurt business prospects across the nation, including Hayes's.
The campaign was a success, and Hayes was returned to the governorship by a 5,544-vote majority.
In June 1876, the convention assembled with James G. Blaine of Maine as the favorite.
Blaine started with a significant lead in the delegate count but could not muster a majority.
As he failed to gain votes, the delegates looked elsewhere for a nominee and settled on Hayes on the seventh ballot.
Tilden was considered a formidable adversary who, like Hayes, had a reputation for honesty.
The poor economic conditions made the party in power unpopular and made Hayes suspect that he might lose the election.
On November 11, three days after election day, Tilden appeared to have won 184 electoral votes: one short of a majority.
Hayes appeared to have 166 votes, with the 19 votes of Florida, Louisiana, and South Carolina still in doubt.
If either candidate could be awarded the 20 disputed votes, he would be elected president.
The Commission was to be made up of five representatives, five senators, and five Supreme Court justices.
The balance was upset when Democrats in the Illinois legislature elected Davis to the Senate, hoping to sway his vote.
Davis disappointed Democrats by refusing to serve on the Commission because of his election to the Senate.
The Commission met in February and the eight Republicans voted to award all 20 electoral votes to Hayes.
He took the oath publicly on the following Monday on the East Portico of the United States Capitol.
He did, however, defeat Congress's efforts to curtail federal power to monitor federal elections.
Those Acts, passed during Reconstruction, made it a crime to prevent someone from voting because of his race.
Hayes was determined to preserve the law protecting black voters, and he vetoed the appropriation.
The Democrats did not have enough votes to override the veto, but they passed a new bill with the same rider.
The election laws remained in effect, but the funds to enforce them were curtailed for the time being.
Senators of both parties were accustomed to being consulted about political appointments and turned against Hayes.
Foremost among his enemies was New York Senator Roscoe Conkling, who fought Hayes's reform efforts at every turn.
In September 1877, Hayes demanded the three men's resignations, which they refused to give.
Hayes stopped granting new star route contracts, but let existing contracts continue to be enforced.
The riot spread further, to Chicago and St. Louis, where strikers shut down railroad facilities.
By July 29, the riots had ended and federal troops returned to their barracks.
He vetoed the bill, but Congress overrode his veto, the only time it did so during his presidency.
The second issue concerned United States Notes , a form of fiat currency first issued during the Civil War.
In 1878, following the Paraguayan War, he arbitrated a territorial dispute between Argentina and Paraguay.
Concerned about a repetition of French adventurism in Mexico, Hayes interpreted the Monroe Doctrine firmly.
Porfirio Díaz, the Mexican president, protested the order and sent troops to the border.
The violence along the border decreased, and in 1880 Hayes revoked the order allowing pursuit into Mexico.
Outside of the Western hemisphere, Hayes's biggest foreign policy concern dealt with China.
As the economy soured after the Panic of 1873, Chinese immigrants were blamed for depressing workmen's wages.
In response, Congress passed a Chinese Exclusion Act in 1879, abrogating the 1868 treaty.
Hayes vetoed the bill, believing that the United States should not abrogate treaties without negotiation.
The veto drew praise among eastern liberals, but Hayes was bitterly denounced in the West.
Congress passed a new law to that effect, the Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882, after Hayes left office.
Hayes believed that his policies would lead to self-sufficiency and peace between Indians and whites.
Howard's men defeated the Nez Perce in battle, and the tribe began a 1700-mile retreat into Canada.
The Ponca were awarded compensation for their land rights, which had been previously granted to the Sioux.
The first vacancy occurred when David Davis resigned to enter the Senate during the election controversy of 1876.
In 1880, a second seat became vacant upon the resignation of Justice William Strong.
Hayes declined to seek re-election in 1880, keeping his pledge that he would not run for a second term.
In 1881, he was elected a companion of the Military Order of the Loyal Legion of the United States.
He served as commander-in-chief of the Loyal Legion from 1888 until his death in 1893.
He was also pleased at the progress of the political career of William McKinley, his army comrade and political protégé.
Hayes became an advocate for educational charities, advocating federal education subsidies for all children.
After Lucy's death, Hayes's daughter Fanny became his traveling companion, and he enjoyed visits from his grandchildren.
Hayes died of complications of a heart attack at his home on January 17, 1893.
 Rwanda Rwanda , officially the Republic of Rwanda , is a sovereign state in central and east Africa.
The climate is temperate to subtropical, with two rainy seasons and two dry seasons each year.
The population is young and predominantly rural, with a density among the highest in Africa.
The president is Paul Kagame of the Rwandan Patriotic Front , who took office in 2000.
Rwanda is one of only two countries with a female majority in the national parliament.
Hunter gatherers settled the territory in the stone and iron ages, followed later by Bantu peoples.
Rwanda's economy suffered heavily during the 1994 Rwandan Genocide, but has since strengthened.
Tourism is a fast-growing sector and is now the country's leading foreign exchange earner.
These early inhabitants were the ancestors of the Twa, aboriginal pygmy hunter-gatherers who remain in Rwanda today.
Between 700 BC and 1500 AD, a number of Bantu groups migrated into Rwanda, clearing forest land for agriculture.
Under this theory, the Hutu and Tutsi distinction arose later and was a class distinction rather than a racial one.
The clans were not limited to genealogical lineages or geographical area, and most included Hutu, Tutsi, and Twa.
The kingdom reached its greatest extent during the nineteenth century under the reign of King Kigeli Rwabugiri.
Belgian forces took control of Rwanda and Burundi during World War I, beginning a period of more direct colonial rule.
Both the Germans and the Belgians promoted Tutsi supremacy, considering the Hutu and Tutsi different races.
In 1935, Belgium introduced identity cards labelling each individual as either Tutsi, Hutu, Twa or Naturalised.
Belgium continued to rule Rwanda as a UN Trust Territory after World War II, with a mandate to oversee independence.
In 1961, the now pro-Hutu Belgians held a referendum in which the country voted to abolish the monarchy.
The cease-fire ended on 6 April 1994 when Habyarimana's plane was shot down near Kigali Airport, killing him.
The shooting down of the plane served as the catalyst for the Rwandan Genocide, which began within a few hours.
The constitution mandates a multi-party system of government, with politics based on democracy and elections.
There are two rainy seasons in the year; the first runs from February to June and the second from September to December.
Nyungwe, the largest remaining tract of forest, contains 200 species of tree as well as orchids and begonias.
Vegetation in the Volcanoes National Park is mostly bamboo and moorland, with small areas of forest.
The greatest diversity of large mammals is found in the three National Parks, which are designated conservation areas.
There are 670 bird species in Rwanda, with variation between the east and the west.
This caused a large drop in GDP and destroyed the country's ability to attract private and external investment.
The economy has since strengthened, with per-capita GDP estimated at $1,784 in 2015, compared with $416 in 1994.
An estimated 90% of the working population farms, and agriculture constituted an estimated 32.5% of GDP in 2014.
Production systems are mostly traditional, although there are a few intensive dairy farms around Kigali.
Rwanda's mining industry is an important contributor, generating US$93 million in 2008.
In spite of the genocide's legacy, the country is increasingly perceived internationally as a safe destination.
The number of tourist arrivals in 2013 was 864,000 people, up from 504,000 in 2010.
Revenue from tourism was US$303 million in 2014, up from just US$62 million in 2000.
The largest radio and television stations are state-run, and the majority of newspapers are owned by the government.
As of 2015, the state-run Radio Rwanda is the largest station and the main source of news throughout the country.
Nonetheless, publications in Kinyarwanda, English, and French critical of the government are widely available in Kigali.
Landlines are mostly used by government institutions, banks, NGOs and embassies, with private subscription levels low.
As of 2015, mobile phone penetration in the country is 72.6%, up from 41.6% in 2011.
Mobile provider MTN also runs a wireless internet service accessible in most areas of Kigali via pre-paid subscription.
In areas not served by these systems, hand pumps and managed springs are used.
The majority of the population, both urban and rural, use public shared pit latrines.
This, coupled with increased demand as the economy grew, precipitated a shortfall in 2004 and widespread loadshedding.
Only 16% of the population had access to electricity in 2013, though this has risen from 6% in 2009.
There are a smaller number of large buses, which operate a scheduled service around the country.
The national carrier is RwandAir, and the country is served by seven foreign airlines.
, the National Institute of Statistics of Rwanda estimates Rwanda's population to be 11,262,564.
The life expectancy is 58.02 years , which is the 30th lowest out of 221 countries and territories.
Historians such as Gérard Prunier believe that the 1994 genocide can be partly attributed to the population density.
The population is predominantly rural, with a few large towns; dwellings are evenly spread throughout the country.
Other major towns include Ruhengeri, Butare, and Gitarama, all with populations below 100,000.
Within the Banyarwanda people, there are three separate groups, the Hutu, Tutsi and Twa.
The current government discourages the Hutu Twa distinction, and has removed such classification from identity cards.
The 2002 census was the first since 1933 which did not categorise Rwandan population into the three groups.
Traditional religion, despite officially being followed by only 0.1% of the population, retains an influence.
Inhabitants of Rwanda's Nkombo Island speak Amashi, a language closely related to Kinyarwanda.
Music and dance are an integral part of Rwandan ceremonies, festivals, social gatherings and storytelling.
Drums are of great importance; the royal drummers enjoyed high status within the court of the King .
Drummers play together in groups of varying sizes, usually between seven and nine in number.
The country has a growing popular music industry, influenced by African Great Lakes, Congolese, and American music.
The most popular genre is hip hop, with a blend of rap, ragga, R&B and dance-pop.
The dung is mixed with natural soils of various colours and painted into patterned ridges to form geometric shapes.
The government has initiated a programme to replace these with more modern materials such as corrugated iron.
Many of the country's moral values and details of history have been passed down through the generations.
The week following Genocide Memorial Day on 7 April is designated an official week of mourning.
The victory for the RPF over the Hutu extremists is celebrated as Liberation Day on 4 July.
For those who live near lakes and have access to fish, tilapia is popular.
The potato, thought to have been introduced to Rwanda by German and Belgian colonialists, is very popular.
East African Breweries also operate in the country, importing Guinness, Tusker, and Bell, as well as whisky and spirits.
The most popular sports in Rwanda are association football, volleyball, basketball, athletics and Paralympic sports.
Rwandans have been competing at the Olympic Games since 1984, and the Paralympic Games since 2004.
The country has also participated in the Commonwealth Games since joining the Commonwealth in 2009.
The team have failed to qualify for the competition since, and have never qualified for the World Cup.
According to the government, these costs should not be a basis for the exclusion of children from education, however.
There are many private schools across the country, some church-run, which follow the same syllabus but charge fees.
In 2011, the gross enrolment ratio for tertiary education in Rwanda was 7%, from 4% in 2008.
The quality of healthcare in Rwanda was historically very low, both before and immediately after the 1994 genocide.
In 1998, more than one in five children died before their fifth birthday, often from malaria.
Rwanda has a shortage of medical professionals, with only 0.84 physicians, nurses, and midwives per 1,000 residents.
Newman not only works in films and television shows, but has also appeared in commercials.
It is one of the best selling albums from Walt Disney Records, alongside the soundtrack to High School Musical.
The sequel's plot followed the Cheetah Girls as they become largely successful and take a tour of Spain.
The film revolves around the three remaining Cheetah Girls visiting India to appear in a Bollywood musical.
The movie premiered to over 6.2 million viewers, and reached 7 million viewers in its final half hour.
In early 2009, The Cheetah Girls officially announced that they had disbanded, in favor of pursuing solo projects.
Bryan led all contenders in judges' scoring in Weeks 1, 3, and 4.
For the 100th show, their Paso Doble was chosen as number 9 on the top 10 dances of the first five seasons.
Bryan and Ballas were the only couple in the top 10 that did not make it to the finals.
The Cheetah Girls Soundtrack Cheetah-licious Christmas The Cheetah Girls 2 Soundtrack TCG Soundtrack Solo album.
Sabrina Lloyd was born in Fairfax, Virginia, and raised in Eustis, Florida.
She signed with a new talent agent and started getting more roles in TV and film.
In 1997, the show was picked up by the Sci Fi Channel, but Lloyd's contract was not renewed.
Outside of her acting career, she writes and records original music with her guitar.
She has two cats named Lucy and Theodore and was a vegetarian for six years during the 1990s.
She lived in Uganda for two years , and adopted a little girl while living there. 
 Sada Thompson Sada Carolyn Thompson was an American stage, film, and television actress.
Thompson was married to Donald E. Stewart from December 18, 1949, until her death.
Sada Thompson died on May 4, 2011, in Danbury, Connecticut, of lung disease, aged 83.
In addition to her daughter, Liza, she is survived by her husband and a brother, David. 
SADR was proclaimed by the Polisario Front on February 27, 1976, in Bir Lehlou, Western Sahara.
Morocco controls and administers the rest of the disputed territory and calls these lands its Southern Provinces.
The claimed capital of the SADR is El Aaiún, while the temporary capital is Tifariti .
The judiciary, complete with trial courts, appeals courts and a supreme court, operates in the same areas.
Several foreign aid agencies, including the UNHCR, and NGOs are continually active in the camps.
Although it is not recognised by the United Nations, the SADR has held full membership of the African Union since 1984.
On the other hand, Morocco's claim to Western Sahara is supported by the Arab League.
On 27 February 2011, the 35th anniversary of the proclamation of SADR was held in Tifariti, Western Sahara.
Delegations, including parliamentarians, ambassadors, NGOs and activists from many countries participated in this event.
She studied Mandarin Chinese at the college, originally planning to be a translator before she became an actress.
 Sally Anne Golden Sally Anne Golden was born Sally Annaźecsky Goldenni in Dresden, Germany.
She and her family immigrated to the United States, settling in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
She died on January 29, 1982, in New York City, New York, at 71. 
She was the sister of actresses Polly Ann and Loretta Young, and half-sister of actress Georgiana Young.
She returned to the film business as an adult in the 1920s, playing small parts in a number of silent films.
Although her appearances tapered off toward the late 1930s, Blane eventually appeared in over 100 films.
In June 1936, they had their first child, Gretchen, named after her sister Loretta Young.
Blane died in Palm Springs, California on August 27, 1997, of cancer at the age of 87.
Modern television viewers will recognize Cairns for her roles in two Three Stooges films from the 1940s.
Her second marriage was to Harold Lewis, a second unit director and production manager.
She was a leading woman of Harold Lockwood, Joseph Burks, and Frank Lyon, among others.
She was educated in Los Angeles, California and went into films because so many of her friends were in pictures.
Her first try was a failure so she tried typing but then went back into pictures and succeeded.
Eilers was a popular figure in early-1930s Hollywood, known for her high spirits and vivacity.
She was married for a short time to Hoot Gibson, though the marriage ended in divorce in 1933.
By the end of the decade her popularity had waned, and her subsequent film appearances were few.
It was designed by architect Paul R. Williams and built from 1937 to 1938 by O' Neal and Son.
For the latter, she also won a Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Actress.
Her father, Richard Dryden Field, was an Army officer, and her mother, Margaret Field , was an actress.
Following her parents' 1950 divorce, her mother married actor and stuntman Jock Mahoney.
As a teen, Field attended Portola Middle School and Birmingham High School in Van Nuys, where she was a cheerleader.
Her classmates included financier Michael Milken, actress Cindy Williams and talent agent Michael Ovitz.
Following the series' cancellation, Field studied at the Actors Studio with the esteemed acting teacher Lee Strasberg.
Strasberg became a mentor to the actress, helping her to move past her television image of the girl next door.
In A&E's biography of Garner, she cited her on-screen kiss with Garner as the best cinematic kiss she ever had.
After her critically acclaimed stint on the show, she returned to the role in 2003 and 2006.
In the show's pilot, the role of matriarch Nora Walker was played by actress Betty Buckley.
On May 5, 2014, Field received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for her contributions to motion pictures.
During their marriage, the couple had two sons: Peter Craig, a novelist, and Eli Craig, an actor and director.
After the end of her relationship with Reynolds, Field married second husband Alan Greisman in 1984.
Field's campaign encouraged early diagnosis of such conditions through technology such as bone-density scans.
A Democrat, Field supported Hillary Clinton's bid for the Democratic Party nomination in the 2008 presidential election.
The actress is also an activist for gay rights and won the Human Rights Campaign's Ally for Equality Award in 2012.
 Sally Forrest Sally Forrest , was an American film, stage and TV actress of the 1940s and 1950s.
Born in San Diego, she studied dance from a young age and shortly out of high school was signed to a contract by MGM.
Her father was a U.S. Navy career officer, who moved his family to various naval bases, finally settling in San Diego.
Forrest began her film career as a chorus dancer in MGM musicals of the 1940s.
 Sally Fraser Sally Fraser is an American actress who appeared on television and in numerous films.
Fraser played the older daughter but was not cast as part of the regular series.
On November 1, 1926, Sally Hamlin signed another contract with Victor, this one for a two-year period.
None of Sally Hamlin's work has ever been reissued commercially on long-playing records, or compact discs.
Later in life, Sally Hamlin married Karl M. Chworowsky, a minister of the Unitarian Church.
She outlived him by 23 years, passing away at the age of 84 in Bar Harbor, Maine.
She is buried in the Hamlin family plot at Mount Hope Cemetery in Bangor, Maine. 
Most recently, Insul appeared as Aunt Peggy in the 2006 film, Click, opposite Adam Sandler.
She was also regularly cast in a series of film roles by the Coen Brothers.
Despite her film and television roles, Insul remained active in the theater throughout her career.
She had recently performed with the Platinum Players in Beverly Hills, California, in April 2008.
Insul, a SAG member, also volunteered at the University of California, Los Angeles.
Insul died of heart failure in Los Angeles August 4, 2008, at the age of 92.

 Sally Long Sally Long was a dancer and motion picture actress from Kansas City, Missouri.
Produced by Famous Players, Long's character was noticed on the screen by filmmaker D.W. Griffith.
Long opted to sign with A. H. Sebastian, Hollywood producer and executive head of Sebastian-Belasco Productions.
Long married Leo Bovette Tuey in Kansas City in 1916, when she was fifteen years old.
Long explained that she kept her marriage to Tuey a secret because it might have inhibited her career advancement.
She resided for a time with her mother in a large Spanish home at 628 Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills, California.
Born in Oak Park, Illinois, Mansfield was a moppet radio star in Chicago, Illinois.
Coming to New York in 1945, she voiced several radio roles for commercials and on soap operas and dramas.
As a chorine with the Don Arden Dancers, she performed in revues in New York and in Las Vegas.
Moving to Hollywood, Mansfield met up with a talent scout for Paramount Pictures while she was in the Geller Workshop.
Sally Mansfield died of lung cancer in California in 2001 at the age of 80. 
Born in Livingston, Texas, Mayes began her career as a rock and jazz singer in Houston.
A critical success, the show ran for 312 performances and a CD recording was made on the RCA Victor label.
For her performance she was nominated for a Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Actress in a Musical.
When Mayes isn't working as an actress, she maintains a busy schedule as a concert and cabaret singer in New York City.
She was born as Virginia Louise Noonan, one of 11 children born to a judge in Bayonne, New Jersey.
By the late 1930s, her film career was over, but she continued on stage and toured with the USO until the 1950s.
Despite being at the top of her career, Payne retired in 1942 after her marriage to Arthur F. Kelly.
Fox studio gave her the name Sally Phipps in 1926, when she was 15.
Until 1929, she was a Fox Film star who appeared in well over 20 films, including a cameo in F.W.
Soon after, she was selected as one of the 13 1927 WAMPAS Baby Stars.
Phipps' Fox Film contract for October 1927 stipulated she was bound to the studio for a period of five years.
She would be paid a starting wage of $125, which would rise to $600 a week for the last six months before expiration.
The motion picture was filmed in New York City, Lake Placid, Palm Beach, and Havana, Cuba.
Sally Phipps died in Brooklyn, New York on March 17, 1978, at the age of 66. 
Pressman's mother studied fine arts and theater at Brandeis University and works for Christie's Auction House.
She no longer uses her childhood name of Sally Bernstein professionally, preferring her mother's maiden name.
William Pressman, as Executive Vice President of Hasbro Toys, is credited for creating the G.I.
She was classically trained in ballet and was a member of the Manhattan Ballet Company.
She was regular cast member from 2007 to 2012, in the first six seasons.
On October 19, 2010, Pressman became engaged to her longtime boyfriend David Clayton Rogers.
Hattie Helen Gould Beck was born in the village of Elkton, Hickory County, Missouri.
The family moved to Jackson County, Missouri while she was still in grade school.
After studying ballet and drama in Kansas City, the teenage Helen decided her future lay in Hollywood.
She also performed in summer stock and traveling theater, including working with a then-unknown Humphrey Bogart.
Cecil B. DeMille gave her the name Sally Rand, inspired by a Rand McNally atlas.
Her most famous appearance was at the 1933 Chicago World's Fair, which was entitled Century of Progress.
She also conceived and developed the bubble dance, in part to cope with wind while performing outdoors.

Sally Anne Struthers was born on July 28, 1947 in Portland, Oregon and attended Grant High School.
Struthers married William C. Rader, a psychiatrist on December 18, 1977; they divorced on January 19, 1983.
Actress Candice Azzara had played the role of Gloria in a pilot episode, but was soon dropped.
The series co-starred Burgess Meredith as the doctor of an animal clinic with Gloria as his assistant.
In 2014, Sally toured in the 50th anniversary production of Hello, Dolly!, playing Dolly Levi.
 Salma Hayek Salma Hayek Pinault is a Mexican and American film actress, director, and producer.
She is the daughter of Diana Jiménez Medina, an opera singer and talent scout.
Her paternal grandfather was from the village of Baabdat, Lebanon where Salma and her father visited in 2015.
She also is of Spanish descent with her grandmother and maternal great-grandparents being from Spain.
She attended university in Mexico City, where she studied International Relations at the Universidad Iberoamericana.
Hayek moved to Los Angeles, California, in 1991 to study acting under Stella Adler.
Around 2000, Hayek founded film production company Ventanarosa, through which she produces film and television projects.
The following month, she signed a two-year deal with ABC for Ventanarosa to develop projects for the network.
In 2001, she modeled for Chopard and was featured in 2006 Campari adverts, photographed by Mario Testino.
On April 3, 2009, she helped introduce La Doña, a watch by Cartier inspired by fellow Mexican actress María Félix.
She was inspired to create a cosmetic line from her grandmother, who used to make her own facial care products.
She gave birth to daughter, Valentina Paloma Pinault, in 2007 at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, California.
On July 18, 2008, Hayek and Pinault announced the end of their engagement.
Hayek's charitable work includes increasing awareness on violence against women and discrimination against immigrants.
Hayek is a board member of V-Day, the charity founded by playwright Eve Ensler.
She said she did it to reduce the stigma associated with breastfeeding and to encourage infant nutrition.
In 2010 Hayek's humanitarian work earned her a nomination for the VH1 Do Something Awards.
Jens was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, the daughter of Salomea and Arnold John Jens, a farmer and builder.
She also appeared on the scripted talk show Meeting of Minds hosted by Steve Allen as the Empress Theadora.
Doumit will star with Meg Ryan, 50 Cent, and John Lithgow in the 2011 feature film Lives of the Saints.
Doumit is currently in the long running hit Jewtopia at The Greenway Court Theatre in Los Angeles.
Armstrong was born in Tokyo to a Scottish father, Hunter Armstrong, and an Italian mother, Sylvia Sepielli.
She portrays the role of Abigail, an aspiring photographer and love interest to Jon Foster's character.
The film was released on June 29, 2006 and debuted at #3 at the U.S. box office.
The film was released on December 26, 2006 and received positive reviews from critics.
Despite its limited release the film managed to be considered a box office success earning worldwide $7,385,434.
The film follows the real-life crimes of Michael Peterson who was convicted in 2003 of pushing his wife down the stairs.
The film follows a young woman who finds love with an illegal immigrant whose love changes her life.
But, after her character proved to be a fan favorite, she was brought back to appear in several more episodes.
In 2006, Armstrong was confirmed to return for the series third season for two episodes.
She portrayed the role of Juliet Darling, a spoiled heiress who aspired to be a serious actress.
The series was an instant success and premiered on September 26, 2007 to 10.44 million viewers.
However in March 2008 Armstrong announced she would not return for the series second season as a series regular.
The series did not maintain its success and slipped in ratings throughout its run dramatically.
She checked out after six weeks, but returned and stayed for another three months.
She gave birth to her first child, a boy named Calin, in December 2012.

Harris was born in Hopkins, Minnesota to Richard, a rock 'n' roll promoter, and Bonnie Shapiro, a dancer.
In 1982, her parents founded a renaissance festival, known as King Richard's Faire, which continues .
News, she co-hosted the network's live award-show coverage for the Oscars, Golden Globes and Emmys.
She performed a six-week engagement in the long-running musical from July 7 through August 16 at the Ambassador Theatre.
Drew Lachey, winner of season two, filled in for the first three weeks of competition while Harris was out.
In April 2014, Harris announced that she was diagnosed with breast cancer and would undergo a double mastectomy.

Her parents divorced when she was two years old, and Mathis was raised by her mother.
She took a little over a year off from acting after her mother died in 1996 from breast cancer.
Samantha Shelton was born in Los Angeles, California, to director Christopher and Carol Stromme.
Some of her scenes were cut, but can be found in the 'special features' section of the DVD.
The former was released on September 14, 2012, and the latter in 2013.
Born in Scottsdale, Arizona, Hanratty is the youngest in a family of five girls and three boys.
In 2006, she appeared in the film ', playing an elf named Glenda.
 Sammi Kane Kraft Sammi Kane Kraft was an American recording artist, child actress and baseball player.
She was featured in an ESPN.com Page 2 story about her athletic skills, and competed in the Junior Olympics.
She began a garage folk project in San Francisco under the name of Scary Girls and continued to record music.
Kraft was buried in a Jewish ceremony at Hillside Memorial Park and Mortuary on October 15, 2012.
Kraft's heart was donated by her parents to Yvonne Payne, wife of journalist, Charles Payne. 
San Marino has the smallest population of all the members of the Council of Europe.
The official date of the founding of what is now known as the Republic is 3 September 301.
The existence of this hospital later caused Austria-Hungary to suspend diplomatic relations with San Marino.
From 1923 to 1943, San Marino was under the rule of the Sammarinese Fascist Party .
San Marino accepted thousands of civilian refugees when Allied forces went over the Gothic Line.
San Marino had the world's first democratically elected communist government, which held office between 1945 and 1957.
San Marino became a member of the Council of Europe in 1988 and of the United Nations in 1992.
It is not a member of the European Union, nor of the Eurozone although it uses the euro as its currency.
Its topography is dominated by the Apennine mountain range, and it has a rugged terrain.
The highest point in the country, the summit of Monte Titano, is situated at above sea level.
San Marino is the third smallest country in Europe, with only Vatican City and Monaco being smaller.
San Marino was originally led by the Arengo, initially formed from the heads of each family.
Every six months, the council elects two Captains Regent to be the heads of state.
The Regents are chosen from opposing parties so that there is a balance of power.
The investiture of the Captains Regent takes place on 1 April and 1 October in every year.
Once this term is over, citizens have three days in which to file complaints about the Captains' activities.
If they warrant it, judicial proceedings against the ex-head of state can be initiated.
The Council is equivalent to the Roman Senate; the Captains Regent, to the consuls of ancient Rome.
Once at the heart of San Marino's army, the Crossbow Corps is now a ceremonial force of approximately eighty volunteers.
While still a statutory military unit, the Crossbow Corps has no military function today.
They also provide a ceremonial bodyguard to government officials on festivals of both state and church.
This unit remains the basic fighting force of the armed forces of San Marino, but is largely ceremonial.
The uniform is dark blue, with a kepi bearing a blue and white plume.
Formally this is part of the Army Militia, and is the ceremonial military band of San Marino.
Established in 1842, the Gendarmerie of San Marino is a militarised law enforcement agency.
Before the euro, the Sammarinese lira was pegged to, and exchangeable with, the Italian lira.
The per capita level of US$55,449 and standard of living are comparable to that of Denmark.
Capital gains are subject to a five percent tax; interest is subject to a 13 percent withholding tax.
In addition, a tax on imported goods, to be levied by San Marino, was established.
Such taxes, however, were not, and are not, applied to national products.
Until 1996, goods manufactured and sold in San Marino were not subject to indirect taxation.
The tourist sector contributes over 2.2% of San Marino's GDP, with approximately 2 million tourists visiting in 2009.
In exchange Italy provides San Marino with an annual stipend, and at cost, sea salt , tobacco , cigarettes and matches .
San Marino has a population of approximately 33,000, with 4,800 foreign residents, most of whom are Italian citizens.
There is no episcopal see in San Marino, although its name is part of the present diocesan title.
The bishop of Montefeltro-San Marino resides in Pennabilli, in Italy's province of Pesaro e Urbino.
The churches include the two religious groups of the Waldensian Church and Jehovah's Witnesses.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of San Marino-Montefeltro was until 1977 the historic diocese of Montefeltro.
The first known bishop of Montefeltro was Agatho , whose residence was at San Leo.
Under Bishop Flaminios Dondi the see was again transferred to San Leo, but later it returned to Pennabilli.
Since 1988, there is formally a apostolic nunciature to the republic, but it's vested in the nuncio to Italy.
During World War II, San Marino provided a haven for more than 100,000 Italians and Jews from Nazi persecution.
There are of roads in the country, the main road being the San Marino Superhighway.
Two rivers flow through San Marino, but there is no major water transport, and no port or harbour.
From here a further connection is available to the nation's largest settlement, Dogana, via the local bus service.
Two aerial tramway cars operate, with service provided at roughly fifteen-minute intervals throughout the day.
A third vehicle is available on the system, a service car for the use of engineers maintaining the tramway.
An advanced system for its time, it was an electric railway, powered from overhead cables.
It was well built and had a high frequency of passengers, but was almost completely destroyed during World War II.
The Three Towers of San Marino are located on the three peaks of Monte Titano in the capital.
They are depicted on both the Flag of San Marino and its coat of arms.
The fifteen teams that take part in the competition are split into two groups of eight and seven teams.
Prior to 2007, the playoff champion earned a spot in the preliminary rounds of the UEFA Cup.
In 2007, UEFA granted San Marino a spot in the 1st Qualifying Round of the Champions League.
San Marino play their home matches in the Sammarinese at the Stadio Olimpico of Serravalle.
Andy Selva scored the only goal in a close game that finally gave this tiny republic a footballing victory.
In the same competition on 7 February 2007, they came within eight seconds of the best result in their history.
The goal scored by San Marino was their European Qualifying first goal since losing 4–1 to Austria in 1998.
As of May 2015, San Marino was 194th place in the FIFA world rankings.
A Formula One race, the San Marino Grand Prix, was named after the state, although it did not take place there.
He has won two motorcycle World Championships, in 2001 with 125 cc bikes and in 2003 with 250 cc bikes.
Another successful San Marino motorcycle racer is Alex De Angelis, a 4-time Grand Prix race winner.
In 2006, contesting the 250 cc World Championship, Alex finished 3rd overall after 11 podium finishes.
In 2003 he scored 6 podium finishes and finished the season runner-up in the championship to Dani Pedrosa.
At the 2004 and 2008 games, three clay target shooters achieved the highest positions.
In this sport, San Marino also hosted a competition in the 2009 ISSF World Cup.
The site San Marino: Historic Centre and Mount Titano became part of the UNESCO World Heritage List in 2008.
Bergman has said she never returned to New York, instead having friends pack and ship her clothes to her.
She won the Golden Globe Award for New Star of the Year - Actress for her role in the film.
Because no stunt women could be found to match her size, she learned to do all her own stunt work.
Bergman worked as an instructor for the FIRM series of exercise videos in the 1980s. 
Bernhard is number 97 on Comedy Central's list of the 100 greatest standups of all time.
Bernhard has often addressed her childhood in interviews and within the context of her stand-up comedy.
She was born in Flint, Michigan, the daughter of Jeanette and Jerome Bernhard.
After graduating from Saguaro High School in Scottsdale, Arizona, she went to live and volunteer on a kibbutz in Israel.
During that time she paid her bills by working as a manicurist in a high-end salon.
In 1990 it was turned into a film and a double album of the same name.
The film was mostly shot on location in 1989 in the coconut grove at the Ambassador Hotel.
The role is one of her best known, something she has lamented in her stand-up as being both a blessing and a curse.
Sandra would assume the role of an art professor on the Season 3 Opener in January 2014.
Although Church had original detested the idea, she later decided to choose acting as her vocation.
In November 1964, she married Broadway producer Norman Twain in Barbados; the couple divorced in 1975.
By the late 1960s her career had started to decline, and a highly publicized marriage to Bobby Darin ended in divorce.
She rarely acted after this time, and her final years were marred by illness.
She was of Polish and Carpatho-Rusyn ancestry, and was raised in the Russian Orthodox faith.
She became a professional model by the age of 4 and subsequently progressed to television commercials.
There has been some dispute as to Dee's actual birth year, with evidence pointing to both 1942 and 1944.
According to this version, this explains why 1942 was listed as her birth year in official studio press releases.
After 1970, Dee appeared in relatively few roles; those were mostly in television.
Dee's marriage to Bobby Darin in 1960 kept her in the public eye for much of the decade.
For a number of years, exhibitors voted Dee one of the most popular box office stars in the United States: 
Her father, Harold F. Searles, was a psychoanalyst and her mother, Sylvia, was a nurse.
She married the British actor Peter Davison on 26 December 1978, and they were divorced in 1994.
They have a daughter, Georgia Moffett, born 25 December 1984, who is also an actress.
Dickinson married her third husband, a second British actor and singer, Mark Osmond, on 16 August 2009.
Before her acting career, Dorsey was a teacher of acting and singing exclusively in New York City.
Her death scene, her head being decapiated by the lawnmower, is perhaps the best death scene in the film.
She was a regular cast member when the show initially went into first-run syndication in January 1987.
Her mother, Madeline McCoy, was a high school Physical Education teacher, tennis coach, and aerobics instructor.
Her father, Gary McCoy, was the director of database management at the County Sheriff's Department and a private pilot.
McCoy made many appearances in small roles on several noted television shows before landing her first lead role.
She also taught the method to her daughter, Greta Seacat, who also became an acting coach.
Sandra Will Carradine has been active for a number of years with the Telluride Film Festival.
Although over the years other women have taken over the title, Allen had held it for the last sixteen years of her life.
Her abnormal height was due to a tumor in her pituitary gland that caused it to release growth hormone uncontrollably.
At one point in her life, she was bedridden due to disease, causing atrophy of the muscles.
Dennis was born in Hastings, Nebraska, the daughter of Yvonne , a secretary, and Jack Dennis, a postal clerk.
Dennis grew up in Kenesaw, Nebraska and Lincoln, Nebraska, graduating from Lincoln High School in 1955.
Dennis lived with prominent jazz musician Gerry Mulligan from 1965 until they split up in 1974.
Although Mulligan often referred to Dennis as his second wife, Dennis later revealed that they had never married.
Although born in Burbank, California, she was discovered by accident while on vacation.
On the way home, they stopped at Jackson Hole, Wyoming where coincidentally a film was being shot.
The director saw her, and needing a child for the film, approached her parents.
After her mother dies, Vicky is adopted by her mother's sister, played by Donna Reed.
In 1954, she also played a crippled child in a Martin and Lewis film.
Her memories of her acting years are almost all pleasant, except she did receive a number of kidnapping threats.
Duncan has been nominated for three Tony Awards, two Emmy Awards, and two Golden Globe awards.
She was born in Henderson, Texas, and grew up in nearby Tyler, Texas.
Her parents were Mancil Ray and Sylvia Duncan and she has a sister named Robyn Duncan.
Meanwhile, shortly after the premiere, Duncan underwent surgery on her left eye to remove a benign tumor.
Their divorce, finalized in October, 1972, was caused by Duncan's success and rise to stardom.
Her second marriage was to Dr. Thomas Calcaterra on January 10, 1973; it lasted until 1979.
Her father Mancil Ray Duncan died on December 22, 1994 and her mother died on December 23, 1997.
Due to this condition, it does often appear as though she has a lazy eye. 
Sandy Faison now teaches at the Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts. 
In 2007, she and Lex Lang hosted a Voice Actor Boot Camp at Bang Zoom!

Per her official website, Sandy Martin has been acting professionally since she was 15 years old.
She has been a founding member of several successful theatrical companies in New York City and Los Angeles.
 Sanoe Lake Sànoe Lake is an American actress of Hawaiian, Japanese and English descent.
Sanoe was discovered at 15 years old by a manager on the beach of Oahu's North Shore when she came in from surfing.
The early Roxy campaigns that featured Sanoe were shot by the New York fashion photographer .
She landed the lead role in the 2009 film Half-Life and played the role Pamela Wu.
It was also nominated for the Tokyo Grand Prix at the Tokyo International Film Festival.
She has two children with husband Michael Sterling Eaton and has taken a break from acting to focus on her family. 
After the 1883 ban on Yiddish theater in Imperial Russia, Maurice and Sara Heine left in 1884 for New York City.
She and Adler would be among the most prominent actors in Yiddish theater in New York for the next three decades.
Berner married Milton Rosner, a theatrical agent, August 11, 1951, and they had one daughter, Eugenie.

Gilbert was born Sara Rebecca Abeles in Santa Monica, California, the daughter of Barbara Crane and Harold Abeles.
In 1984, Sara took the last name Gilbert for Paul Gilbert, her mother's first husband.
At Yale, she majored in art with an emphasis on photography; she graduated with honors in 1997.
The sitcom was canceled after one season, when the WB and UPN networks merged as The CW and dropped a number of shows.
Following the break-up, Gilbert began a relationship with songwriter and former 4 Non Blondes frontwoman Linda Perry.
Gilbert announced their engagement in April 2013, and they married on March 30, 2014.
Gilbert gave birth to their son, Rhodes Emilio Gilbert Perry, on February 28, 2015. 
 Sara Haden Sara Haden was a character actress in Hollywood films of the 1930s through the 1950s.
She was born Katherine W. Haden on November 17, 1899 in Galveston, Texas.
She was married to film actor Richard Abbott, born Seamon Vandenberg, from 1921 to 1948.
She worked in the Beaverton, Oregon, branch of the Hooters chain of restaurants.
She next appeared in the magazine in July 2006, as the Playmate of the Month.
When she became Playmate of the Year in June 2007, her prize included a Mini Cooper convertible.
She failed on the second stage when she misjudged the second step of the Dancing Stones and fell.
On November 15, 2010, Haas announced on his website that Foster had given birth to a baby girl, Valentina.
The elder of two daughters, she was raised in New York, where her parents were active in Broadway theatres.
Rue then married teacher Kevin Price on May 21, 2011, in a traditional Jewish wedding.
Rue gave birth to their first child, daughter Talulah Rue Price, on February 9, 2013. 
Born in Long Island, New York, Burns is known for her appearances in comedic films and television series.
Burns has performed improvisational comedy regularly at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre in New York City, New York.
Chalke was born in Ottawa, Ontario, and raised in Vancouver, British Columbia.
Chalke's acting career began at the age of eight when she began appearing in musical theatre productions.
Chalke would later return to the role of Becky after Goranson departed for a second time.
The couple have a son, Charlie Rhodes Afifi, born December 24, 2009.
Chalke lost her aunt and grandmother to breast cancer that was undiagnosed while in its early stages.
Clarke was born in St. Louis, Missouri, the daughter of Carolyn, a homemaker, and Ernest Clarke, an engineer.
While a student at IU, Clarke became a member of the Kappa Alpha Theta sorority.
Clarke first became interested in acting while studying abroad during her senior year in Bologna, Italy.
Clarke began her acting career with an appearance in a 1999 award-winning commercial for Volkswagen.
The wardrobe department didn't have time to fit her, so she had to wear her own outfit for the entire season of filming.
In her three seasons with the show, Clarke was featured in a total of 36 episodes.
She was married to actor John Randolph from January 3, 1942 until her death on March 24, 1986.
They, as well as Madeline Lee Gilford, Jack Gilford and others, were victims of the anti-Communist blacklist.
Neither was able to work in film, TV or radio until well into the 1960s.
She, along with actor John Beal, was fired after just one episode by creator Irna Phillips for no apparent reason.
Both branches have become well known for the quality of their productions and their programs for developing playwrights.
Although both worked extensively in television and film, their primary love was for the living theater.
It was a two-character play written especially for them as part of a trilogy of two-character one-acts.
Cunningham had suffered from emphysema for many years and had asthma as well since childhood.
Drew was born and raised in Stony Brook, New York, where she attended The Stony Brook School.
Her mother, Dr. Jeannie Drew, is now teaching biology at an independent private school for girls in Manhattan.
Charles Drew, is the senior pastor at Emmanuel Presbyterian Church in New York City.
She received a bachelor's degree in drama from the University of Virginia in 2002.
She began acting in school plays, community theater with Take One Theatre Arts, and summer stock.
On January 18, 2012, they had their first child, a son named Micah Emmanuel.
On December 3, 2014, the couple welcomed a daughter named Hannah Mali Rose.
On December 20, 2006, Sarah gave birth to the couple's first child, a boy named Finn Michael Brolly.
She has been acting since the age of six, when her mother first signed her up for musical theater.

Hyland was born in Manhattan, New York, the daughter of actors Melissa Canaday and Edward James Hyland.
In September 2012, it was announced that she would be part of a Nintendo 3DS ad campaign.
In April 2012, she received a kidney transplant, with her father as the donor. 
She attended Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas, where she was a member of Kappa Kappa Gamma.
It was there that she met her future husband, Ned Brower, who she married on February 19, 2005.
She was regular on the show for the first three seasons and left along with Getty in 2009.
 Sarah Jessica Parker Sarah Jessica Parker is an American actress, producer, and designer.
She was one of a total of eight children from her parents' marriage and her mother's second marriage .
Parker has identified culturally with her father's religion, Judaism, although she has had no religious training.
She has said that even while her family lived in Cincinnati, her mother emulated a New York lifestyle.
There, her mother and stepfather helped Parker develop her career as a child actress.
The family later moved to Englewood, New Jersey, where Parker attended Dwight Morrow High School.
Despite some doubts about being cast in a long-term television series, Parker agreed to star.
After five nominations, in 2004, Parker won an Emmy Award for her lead role.
Two years later, preparations were resumed, and the film was released on May 30, 2008.
The executive producer was Lisa Kudrow, and the series featured Parker, husband Matthew Broderick, Kudrow and others.
Endorsements In 2000, Parker hosted the MTV Movie Awards, appearing in fourteen different outfits during the show.
A rising star at the time, Stone's replacing of Parker was a puzzling move to the public.
On February 28, 2014, Parker started the SJP Collection, a footwear line, at Nordstrom.
She later briefly dated John F. Kennedy Jr. before meeting and eventually marrying Matthew Broderick.
The couple married in a civil ceremony in a historic synagogue on the Lower East Side in Manhattan.
As of 2009, she lives in New York City with her husband, son, and daughters.
She has received eight Golden Globe nominations, with four wins in 2000, 2001, 2002 & 2004. 
The show premiered on January 16, 2012, but was cancelled in May 2012.

Lancaster was born and raised in Overland Park, Kansas, with a younger brother, Daniel.
After playing Belle full-time for nearly two years she left the show August 2002 and was succeeded by Jamie-Lynn Sigler.
After Amour closed, Litzsinger returned to the role of Belle on February 11, 2003.
She is also a member of the band TASTiSKANK, along with another Broadway actress, Kate Reinders.
They were also voted as two of the 25 Sexiest New Yorkers by the NY POST.
 Sarah Paulson Sarah Catharine Paulson is an American film, stage, and television actress.
It debuted in late March 2009 on ABC but was canceled on May 19, 2009, after only six episodes had aired.
Rafferty grew up as the youngest of four children in the Riverside neighborhood of Greenwich, Connecticut.
Released on October 13, 2006, to negative reviews, the film was a box office success.
Filming took place from January 6, 2006, to April 28, 2006, with a budget of $20 million.
The film was released on February 20 to mostly negative reviews, and failed to cover its million budget.
The film, which co-starred Eliza Dushku, was released straight-to-DVD, but was released around the festival circuit.
In January 2015, it was announced that she and Murray had recently married, and were expecting their first child.

She has appeared in such productions as Stephen King's The Stand and A Home of Our Own with Kathy Bates.
Sarah Shahi was born on January 10, 1980, in Euless, Texas, and raised there.
She is the daughter of Mah Monir, an interior designer, and Abbas Jahansouz Shahi, who divorced when she was ten.
She has an older brother, Cyrus, and a younger sister, Samantha, who is a production assistant.
At her father's behest, she grew up speaking Persian, in addition to English.
Shahi did not renew her contract with the series for the fourth season, and consequently her character was written out.
In May, 2013 CBS President Nina Tassler announced that Shahi would be added as a series regular for its third season.
On July 8, 2009, she gave birth to their first child, son William Wolf Howey, during an at-home water birth.
On March 1, 2015, daughter Violet Moon and son Knox Blue were born during another home birth.
 Sarah Silverman Sarah Kate Silverman is an American stand-up comedian, writer, producer, and actress.
Silverman was born in Bedford, New Hampshire, to Beth Ann , and Donald Silverman.
She was in attendance when women lit menorahs at the Western Wall for the first time in December 2014.
She has stated that she was not ready for SNL when she got the job.
She won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Music and Lyrics at the 60th Primetime Emmy Awards.
She is in the creative team that writes and produces the content for the YouTube comedy channel called JASH.
The other partners are Michael Cera, Reggie Watts, and Tim Heidecker and Eric Wareheim .
Guy Aoki of the Media Action Network for Asian Americans objected to her use of the slur.
Silverman looks at the camera and, in a deadpan voice, accuses Franklin of raping her.
The film was edited in such a way that it appears as if Franklin knows what Silverman said about him.
After the film came out, Franklin took offense at Silverman's using his name and considered suing her.
She has stated she does not want to get married until same-sex couples are able to.
She stated she does not want to have biological children to avoid the risk that they might inherit her depression.
The couple attended the wedding of Howard Stern and Beth Ostrosky, but split again in March 2009.
Silverman and comedian Kyle Dunnigan were in a relationship from October 2011 to December 2013.

She studied drama at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London and the School at Steppenwolf in Chicago.
She is the founder of Rushforth Productions and the IAMA Theatre Company in Los Angeles, California.
After graduating from high school, she entered Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire.
Callies convinced the show's writers to kill her character because that is what had occurred in the comic book version.
as a patient of the week, whose open marriage fascinates House and the team.
On July 21, 2002, Callies married Josh Winterhalt, whom she met at Dartmouth College.
On January 23, 2007, her publicist announced that the couple were expecting their first child.
Sarajevo has been undergoing post-war reconstruction, and is the fastest growing city in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Sarajevo is also a metropolis due to being the most important and influential city in the whole country.
The earliest known name for the large central Bosnian region of today's Sarajevo is Vrhbosna.
As Sarajevo developed, numerous nicknames came from comparisons to other cities in the Islamic world, i.e.
It is situated above sea level and lies in the Sarajevo valley, in the middle of the Dinaric Alps.
Several smaller rivers and streams such as Koševski Potok also run through the city and its vicinity.
Sarajevo is located close to the center of the triangular shape of Bosnia and Herzegovina in southeastern Europe.
They were followed by an immense boom in tourism, making the 1980s one of the city's best decades in a long time.
It is the longest siege of a capital city in the history of modern warfare.
The Bosnian government defence forces inside the besieged city were poorly equipped and unable to break the siege.
The 1991 census indicates that before the siege the city and its surrounding areas had a population of 525,980.
When the siege ended, the concrete scars caused by mortar shell explosions left a mark that was filled with red resin.
After the red resin was placed, it left a floral pattern which led to it being dubbed a Sarajevo Rose.
A new highway was completed in the late 2000s between Sarajevo and the city of Kakanj.
At its current pace, Sarajevo won’t surpass the million resident mark until the second half of the 21st century.
The cost involved will be 12,109.000 euros and it is planned to be competed by late 2016.
Cable cars and equipment have been donated by the Graechen ski centre in Wallis Canton, Switzerland.
The selected cable cars are ideally suited to the project and meet the highest quality standards.
Each of these levels of government has their parliament or council, as well as judicial courts, in the city.
Bosnia and Herzegovina's Parliament office in Sarajevo was damaged heavily in the Bosnian War.
Due to damage the staff and documents were moved to a nearby ground level office to resume the work.
The city comprises four municipalities Centar, Novi Grad, Novo Sarajevo, and Stari Grad.
Each operate their own municipal government, united they form one city government with its own constitution.
The council has 28 members, including a council speaker, two deputies, and a secretary.
Due to this, Sarajevo will become the only city in the Balkans with completely reconstructed tram network.
In 2015 the city will also get fully renovated trams from Konya and new trolleybuses from Geneva.
Sarajevo is Bosnia and Herzegovina's economic focal point, generating a significant portion of the country's GDP.
After the years of war, Sarajevo's economy was subject to reconstruction and rehabilitation programs.
Sarajevo industries now include tobacco products, furniture, hosiery, automobiles, and communication equipment.
With a worth of total import at about 1,322,585,000KM, the total import is almost 5.1 times the total export.
Tourism in Sarajevo is chiefly focused on historical, religious, cultural aspects and winter sports.
Gross pay in Sarajevo in February 2015 was 1,578 km or 790 €, while net salary was 1,020 km or 521 €.
Sarajevo is host to many parks throughout the city and on the outskirts of city.
A popular activity among Sarajevo citizens is street chess, usually played at Trg oslobođenja Alija Izetbegović.
Hastahana skate park is a popular place to relax in the Austro-Hungarian neighborhood of Marijin Dvor.
The city is also home to the region's largest jazz festival, the Sarajevo Jazz Festival .
Yugoslavia won one medal, a silver in men's giant slalom awarded to Jure Franko.
Giro di Sarajevo is also run in the city with over 2,200 cyclists taking part in 2015.
In 2017, Sarajevo and East Sarajevo will host the European Youth Olympic Winter Festival . 


Alexander costars with Angie Harmon, who plays Boston Homicide Detective Jane Rizzoli, Isles' best friend on the show.
On September 18, 1999, Alexander married Luka Pecel, but this marriage was later annulled, without issue.
Alexander and Ponti have two children, a daughter born in 2006 and a son born in 2010. 

Moving to the United States in 2001, she was raised in Las Vegas, before moving to Los Angeles.
She has had a regular role in the series since its premiere on June 8, 2010.

Raised in the South Bronx, New York City, where she attended Our Lady of Victory grammar school.
She started playing tennis semi-professionally at the age of 15, but moved on to become a model, and finally an actress.
She is best known as a model, counting numerous covers of magazines, advertising and TV commercials. 
The film premiered at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival, and had its wide release in September 2013.
The film received critical acclaim upon release with Johansson's performance being well-received among critics.
Johansson won the 2010 Tony Award for Best Performance by a Featured Actress in a Play, for her role in the play.
Her win received some backlash from critics and seasoned Broadway actors who felt she was undeserving of the award.
She made a personal appearance at the London store, Selfridges, on July 31, 2009, to help launch and promote the line.
She performed with The Jesus and Mary Chain for a special Coachella Reunion Show in Indio, California in April 2007.
In mid-2007, she spent about a month in Maurice, Louisiana recording an album at Dockside Studio.
Johansson said in an interview that she started listening to Tom Waits when she was 11 or 12 years old.
It is made up of Este Haim from HAIM, Holly Miranda, Kendra Morris, and Julia Haltigan.
Johansson's physical appearance and personality consistently score high within the US and UK male demographic.
In 2005, Johansson became a Global Ambassador for the aid and development agency Oxfam.
Johansson began dating Canadian actor Ryan Reynolds in 2007, and in May 2008, it was reported that they were engaged.
On September 27, 2008, the couple married in a quiet ceremony near Tofino, British Columbia.
In November 2012, Johansson started dating Frenchman Romain Dauriac, the owner of an independent advertising agency.
In 2014, Johansson and Dauriac began dividing their time between residences in New York City and Paris, France.
In September, 2011, nude photographs of Johansson hacked from her cell phone were published online.
Following an FBI investigation Christopher Chaney was arrested, pled guilty, and was sentenced to 10 years in prison.
Johansson said the photos had been sent to her then-husband, Ryan Reynolds, three years prior to the incident. 
Scarlett Pomers was born in Riverside, California, and grew up in Las Vegas.
A fan of hard rock, she began singing and guitar lessons as a child.
Since then, she has guest starred on many television shows and has appeared in several feature films.
Fisk was born in Los Angeles, California, to actress Sissy Spacek and production designer Jack Fisk.
Fisk plays the guitar, which she learned from her mother, and sang in various musicals as a child.
She began writing and playing her own songs at age 15, and in 2004 signed with Universal Records.
On Amazon, Fisk's album ranked #17 on the Folk chart in MP3 albums.
She graduated from the College of Arts & Sciences at the University of Virginia in 2006. 
She enjoys volleyball, cheerleading, dance, gymnastics and roller-blading, and has several cats and dogs.
I love just being passionate about something rather than just caring about the money or who's in the movie.
In 2003, Taylor-Compton had taken vocal lessons with Diane Gillespie and Vocal Power Institute.
She did minor modeling for the teenage clothing brand Limited Too and the cellular phone service Sprint PCS. 
Her role was originally intended to be larger, but was significantly reduced due to clashes with Oliver Stone.
However, she was dismissed in favor of Glenne Headly for not appearing maternal in the role.
During most of the 1990s, she resided in Sedona, Arizona, and her career cooled.
Her face was scanned and reproduced in 3D, one of the first times such technology was used in a game.
She returned to the show on July 14 in a recurring role, which lasted through February 2011.
She was subsequently cast in a film about Nikola Tesla, slated for release in 2013, titled .
In 1990, Young married Robert Lujan, with whom she has two sons, Rio Kelly and Quinn Lee.
On June 9, 2013, Young performed in a benefit skating event at the Ice Theater of New York.
 Seana Kofoed Seana Kofoed is an American television and stage actress, born on August 13, 1970 in Wilmette, Illinois.

Her father and mother came from Denmark in the late 1880s and settled in Minnesota where they married in 1888.
Through Neilan she was hired by the Kalem Company, an early motion picture studio, at $15 a week.
She was later convinced to change her name and settled on Seena Owen, the phonetic spelling of her real name.
The former was written in part with her sister, Lillie Hayward, a successful Hollywood screenwriter.
 Sela Ward Sela Ann Ward is an American actress, author and producer, best known for her roles on television.
Ward is the eldest of four children with a sister, Jenna, and two brothers, Brock and Granberry III.
After landing the part, she received her second lead actress Emmy and a Golden Globe Award for her efforts.
Ward remained on the show until the end of the ninth and final season in February 2013.
Baumhower went on to an All-Pro career with the Miami Dolphins and played in two Super Bowls.
Hope Village currently has a capacity for 44 residents and serves an average of 200 children per year.
 Selena Selena Quintanilla-Pérez was an American singer, songwriter, spokesperson, actress, and fashion designer.
At the 1994 Lo Nuestro Awards, the album was nominated for Regional Mexican Album of the Year.
was certified gold by the RIAA for shipments of 500,000 copies, while in Mexico it sold 250,000 units.
She appeared in two episodes, which garnered a record viewing figures for the series.
She was in negotiations to open more stores in Monterrey, Mexico, and Puerto Rico.
Saldívar managed both boutiques after the Quintanilla family were impressed with the way she managed the fan club.
She was ranked among the twentieth-wealthiest Hispanic musicians who grossed the highest income in 1993 and 1994.
The album was certified double Platinum by the RIAA for shipments of two million copies in the United States.
The album popularized Tejano music among a younger and wider audience than at any other time in the genre's history.
Sales of the album and its titular single represented Tejano music's first commercial success in Puerto Rico.
In late 1994, EMI chairman Charles Koppelman decided Selena had achieved her goals in the Spanish-speaking market.
Selena continued touring while EMI began preparing the crossover album, engaging Grammy Award-winning composers.
Eight months later, Selena signed Saldívar as her registered agent in San Antonio, Texas.
After the agreement, Saldívar moved from San Antonio to Corpus Christi to be closer to Selena.
In December 1994, the boutiques began to suffer after the number of staff for both stores decreased.
Selena dismissed her father's inquires because he had often distrusted people in the past.
Quintanilla, Jr. held a meeting with Selena and Suzette on the night of March 9 at Q-Productions to confront Saldívar.
On the morning of March 31, 1995, Selena met with Saldívar at her Days Inn motel room in Corpus Christi.
Selena then drove Saldívar to Doctors Regional Hospital, where doctors found no evidence of rape.
At 11:48 am, Saldívar drew a gun from her purse and pointed it at Selena.
Critically wounded, Selena ran towards the lobby, leaving a -long trail of blood.
Before collapsing, Selena named Saldívar as her assailant and gave the number of the room where she had been shot.
By that time, hundreds of fans had gathered at the scene; many wept as police took Saldívar away.
After 50 minutes of surgery, the doctors realized that the damage to Selena's pierced artery was irreparable.
Numerous vigils and memorials were held in her honor, and radio stations in Texas played her music non-stop.
Her funeral drew 60,000 mourners, many of whom traveled from outside the United States.
The issue sold nearly a million copies, selling the entire first and second print runs within two weeks.
A few days later, Howard Stern mocked Selena's murder and burial, poked fun at her mourners, and criticized her music.
Alvin and the Chipmunks have more soul ... Spanish people have the worst taste in music.
Some said others were too critical of Selena Day, and should not have responded so rudely.
Selena's use of emotive range during her musical career has been praised by critics as being her trademark.
In 1989, she was offered sponsorship from beer companies but her father turned them down.
Selena was often refused gigs at Tejano venues because she was a female singer in a male-dominated music scene.
During a 1992 interview, Selena said her choice of clothing does not reflect her personality.
Selena became an inactive member of the Jehovah's Witnesses due to her exotic clothing.
Following Selena's death, some celebrities questioned her status as a role model among Hispanic women.
Selena urged children to stay in school, and that alcohol and drugs will lead them nowhere in life.
In August 1994, Selena hosted a charity baseball game to raise money for unspecified charities.
She was in the works for a Dallas-Fort Worth, Texas Boys & Girls Clubs of America benefit concert.
Selena has been credited for helping redefine Latin music and its subgenres of Tejano, Cumbia, and Latin pop.
Selena's popularity was drawn in by the LGBT community and minority groups in the United States.
The popularity of Tejano music waned after her death, and as of 2015, has not recovered.
Selena became the third female artist to sell over 300,000 units in one week, after Janet Jackson and Mariah Carey.
The recording was among the top-ten best-selling debuts for a musician, and was the best-selling debut by a female act.
The album was certified 35x platinum by the RIAA, for shipping more than 3.5 million copies in the U.S. alone.
Her death was believed to have sparked an interest in Latin music by people who were unaware of its existence.
She was the best-selling Latin female singer of the 1990s in the U.S. and Mexico.
In the months following her death, a number of honors and tributes were erected.
Several proposals were made, such as renaming streets, public parks, food products, and auditoriums.
She was named one of the 20 most influential Texans of all time by author Laurie Jasinski.
Media have compared Selena's fashion sense to that of Madonna more times than any other celebrity.
Puerto Rican-American actress Jennifer Lopez replaced Hayek, which drew criticism because of Lopez' ancestry.
Gregory Nava directed for the film, which was released on March 21, 1997.
With a production budget of $20 million, the film grossed $35 million in the U.S.
The film was a commercial and critical success and is often cited by critics as Lopez' breakthrough role.
The musical previewed on March 21, and opened on March 23 at the San Antonio Municipal Auditorium.
It was the highest-rated and most-viewed Spanish-language television special in the history of American television.
The event raised $13 million with an attendance of 52,000 people with 72% of whom lived outside of Corpus Christi.
The event sparked interest from people in 35 states and five different countries including Mexico, Brazil, and Ecuador.
 Selena Royle Selena Royle was an American stage, radio, television and film actress.
Royle was born in New York City to playwright Edwin Milton Royle and actress Selena Fetter .
While the mother frantically searched for her, holding up act two, the audience became restless.
Royle died in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico on April 23, 1983, aged 78. 
Her performance, for which she was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2011, drew positive reviews from critics.
Later, at the age of 20, Blair moved to New York City, where she lived at The Salvation Army in poor living conditions.
After graduating from Michigan, Blair returned to New York City to pursue a career in the arts.
In 1990, during her time at Cranbrook Kingswood, Blair was involved in a production of T.S.
She was discovered by an agent in acting class; subsequently, Blair signed with her.
When she began filming the sitcom, Blair passed out on the set in front of the live studio audience due to stress.
The film had a limited release in September 2001 in New York and Los Angeles.
The movie was a commercial success, topping the US box-office in its opening weekend.
The film had a worldwide limited release, reaching the top 20 in Europe and the top 40 in North America.
The movie debuted in the top 3 on the North American box office and achieved commercial success in Europe.
The movie debuted in the top 10 at the U.S., Germany and the U.K. box offices.
The film had a limited release in the United States and the United Arab Emirates.
The movie debuted at number one in its opening weekend in the United States and Canada.
It was premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival and was the first feature film to debut exclusively on the iTunes Store.
In the film, Blair played a frustrated and lonely writer who falls in love with her childhood sweetheart.
In this sequel, her character has a larger role in the storyline than its predecessor.
She was nominated for the Scream Awards for Best Actress in a Fantasy Movie or TV Show.
The drama made its world premiere at Houston's Alley Theatre on October 16, 2009.
Her performance received a 2011 Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album for Children nomination.
The sitcom is loosely based on the 2003 Jack Nicholson's film of the same name.
Blair starred in 53 episodes as Dr. Kate Wales, Sheen's neurotic therapist and love interest.
Blair left the show during the shooting of season 2 due to disagreements with Sheen.
In the summer of 2012, Blair narrated Xfinity TV commercials, including the London 2012 olympics ads.
The drama received a mixed critical response after its world premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival.
In January 2011, Blair's representative announced that she was pregnant with her first child.
In September 2012, Blair and Bleick announced that they had separated after two years.
She also is a frequent guest star at New York Fashion Week, among other fashion events.
In 2012, Blair became the spokesperson for, and first actress to appear on, the Get Real For Kids campaign.
In the spring of that year, she released a line of handbags and wallets called SB, which she designed.
Blair has been the face of several fashion houses including Chanel, Miu Miu and Gap.
Blair enjoys child and animal care; moreover, she has practiced horseback riding since age 17.
Wink, her dog since her beginnings in the acting industry, died in February 2011.

 Senegal Senegal , officially the Republic of Senegal , is a country in West Africa.
Senegal covers a land area of almost , and has an estimated population of about 13 million.
The territory of modern Senegal has been inhabited by various ethnic groups since the prehistoric era.
A multiethnic and secular nation, Senegal is predominantly Sunni Muslim with Sufi and animist influences.
The Almoravids, with the help of Toucouleur allies, used military force for conversion.
The empire was a voluntary confederacy of various states rather than an empire built on military conquest.
The next year, he transferred power in 1981 to his hand-picked successor, Abdou Diouf.
Former prime minister Mamadou Dia, who was Senghor's rival, ran for election in 1983 against Diouf but lost.
Senegal joined with the Gambia to form the nominal Senegambia Confederation on 1 February 1982.
Senegal experienced its second peaceful transition of power, and its first from one political party to another.
There was a round of talks in 2005, but the results have not yet yielded a resolution.
In 2008, Senegal finished in 12th position on the Ibrahim Index of African Governance.
As of 2012, Senegal's rank in the Ibrahim Index has decreased another point to 16 out of 52 African countries.
Several youth opposition movements, including M23 and , emerged in June 2011 to contest the amendment.
In the end, Macky Sall of the Alliance for the Republic won, and Wade conceded the election to Sall.
On 19 September 2012, lawmakers voted to do away with the senate to save an estimated $15 million.
Senegal has a high profile in many international organizations and was a member of the UN Security Council in 1988-89.
The Senegalese military force receives most of its training, equipment, and support from France and the United States.
In 2015, Senegal participated in the Saudi Arabian-led military intervention in Yemen against the Shia Houthis.
The mission of OFNAC is to fight corruption, embezzlement of public funds and fraud.
Here is also found Senegal's highest point, an otherwise unnamed feature near Nepen Diakha at .
The northern border is formed by the Senegal River, other rivers include the Gambia and Casamance Rivers.
The capital Dakar lies on the Cap-Vert peninsula, the westernmost point of continental Africa.
Exports include fish, chemicals, cotton, fabrics, groundnuts, and calcium phosphate.
It has been estimated that the country's fishermen lose 300,000 tonnes of fish each year to illegal fishing.
Senegal is also a member of the Organization for the Harmonization of Business Law in Africa .
Senegal realized full Internet connectivity in 1996, creating a mini-boom in information technology-based services.
Donors include the United States Agency for International Development , Japan, France and China.
Senegal has a population of over 13.5 million, about 42 percent of whom live in rural areas.
Density in these areas varies from about in the west-central region to in the arid eastern section.
Senegal has a wide variety of ethnic groups and, as in most West African countries, several languages are widely spoken.
There are also tens of thousands of Mauritanian refugees in Senegal, primarily in the country's north.
Refugees live in N'dioum, Dodel, and small settlements along the Senegal River valley.
Most people also speak their own ethnic language while, especially in Dakar, Wolof is the lingua franca.
The local Cape Verdean community speak a similar Portuguese creole, Cape Verdean Creole, and standard Portuguese.
Senegal's capital of Dakar is by far the largest city in Senegal, with over two million residents.
Most communities south of the Senegal River Valley, however, were not thoroughly Islamized.
The Serer people stood out as one of this group, who spent over one thousand years resisting Islamization .
The spread of formal Quranic school during the colonial period increased largely through the effort of the Tidjâniyya.
Although Islam is Senegal's majority religion, Senegal's first president, Léopold Sédar Senghor, was a Catholic Serer.
Judaism is followed by members of several ethnic groups, while Buddhism is followed by a number of Vietnamese.
The first Bahá'is to set foot in the territory of French West Africa that would become Senegal arrived in 1953.
Public expenditure on health was at 2.4 percent of the GDP in 2004, whereas private expenditure was at 3.5 percent.
According to a 2013 UNICEF report, 26% of women in Senegal have undergone female genital mutilation.
Articles 21 and 22 of the Constitution adopted in January 2001 guarantee access to education for all children.
The African Renaissance Monument built in 2010 in Dakar is the tallest statue in Africa.
They are often served with fresh fruit and are traditionally followed by coffee or tea.
The women's team won 19 medals at 20 African Championships, more than twice as many medals as any competitor.
Moses was born in Elmhurst, Illinois, she is of Italian and Lebanese decent.
She has since appeared in more than 100 national commercials—including ones for Teleflora, Wendy's and Toyota.
Gabriel was born in Burbank, California, the daughter of Michelle and Guy Gabriel.
Her father is of Mexican and French descent while her mother is of Italian ancestry.
 Seychelles Seychelles , officially the Republic of Seychelles , is an archipelago in the Indian Ocean.
The 115-island country, whose capital is Victoria, lies east of mainland East Africa.
Other nearby island countries and territories include Comoros, Mayotte, Madagascar, Réunion and Mauritius to the south.
The islands were named after Jean Moreau de Séchelles, Louis XV's Minister of Finance.
In 1977, a coup d'état by France Albert René ousted the first president of the republic, James Mancham.
There was a gun battle at the airport, and most of the mercenaries later escaped in a hijacked Air India plane.
The cabinet is presided over and appointed by the president, subject to the approval of a majority of the legislature.
He stepped down in 2004 in favour of his vice-president, James Michel, who was re-elected in 2006 and again in 2011.
Eight of the districts make up the capital of Seychelles and are referred to as Greater Victoria.
The rest of the Outer Islands are the last district, recently created by the tourism ministry.
An island nation, Seychelles is located in the Indian Ocean, northeast of Madagascar and about east of Kenya.
Temperatures on Mahé vary from , and rainfall ranges from annually at Victoria to on the mountain slopes.
The southeast trade winds blow regularly from May to November, and this is the most pleasant time of the year.
Most of the islands lie outside the cyclone belt, so high winds are rare.
The rare Seychelles black parrot, the national bird of the country, is now protected.
This strange and ancient plant in a genus of its own has resisted all efforts to propagate it.
Other unique plant species include the Wright's gardenia found only on Aride Island Special Reserve.
In granitic Seychelles the largest numbers are on Aride Island including the world's largest numbers of two species.
The marine life around the islands, especially the more remote coral islands, can be spectacular.
Coral bleaching in 1998 has damaged most reefs, but some reefs show healthy recovery .
The Indians, like a similar minority of Chinese, were confined to a merchant class.
The largest ethnic groups were those of African, French, Indian and Chinese descent.
Since independence in 1976, per capita output has expanded to roughly seven times the old near-subsistence level.
The prime agricultural products currently produced in Seychelles include sweet potatoes, vanilla, coconuts and cinnamon.
Frozen and canned fish, copra, cinnamon and vanilla are the main export commodities.
The tourism sector paid better, and the plantation economy could only expand so far.
The plantation sector of the economy declined in prominence, and tourism became the primary industry of Seychelles.
In recent years the government has encouraged foreign investment to upgrade hotels and other services.
Although multinational oil companies have explored the waters around the islands, no oil or gas has been found.
Seychelles imports oil from the Gulf in the form of refined petroleum derivatives at the rate of about .
Unwed mothers are the societal norm, and the law requires fathers to support their children.
Men are important for their earning ability, but their domestic role is relatively peripheral.
The literacy rate for school-age children rose to more than 90% by the late 1980s.
The public school system consists of 23 crèches, 25 primary schools and 13 secondary schools.
Additionally, there are three private schools: École Française, International School and the Independent School.
All the private schools are on Mahé, and the International School has a branch on Praslin.
The administration launched plans to open a university in an attempt to slow down the brain drain that has occurred.
Fish dishes are cooked in several ways, such as steamed, grilled, wrapped in banana leaves, baked, salted and smoked.
The music of Seychelles is diverse, a reflection of the fusion of cultures through its history.
Kontredans is popular, especially in District and School competitions during the annual Festival Kreol .
Their main languages are Seslwa Creole of The French Language, French, English Language.
India also signed a pact to develop the Assumption Island, one of the 115 islands that make up the country.
The island is being leased for development of infrastructure, a euphemism for developing strategic assets by India.
Seychelles has the highest incarceration rate in the world, having edged out the United States in 2012.
Bored with financial services, she applied for, and was accepted to acting school.

In her youth, Workman was removed from her mother's care after similar allegations.
She moved to Los Angeles to further her career in 2007, where she landed many guest-starring roles.

 Shannon Day Shannon Day was an American silent film actress who appeared in supporting parts in numerous productions.
In 1992, she played Ariel in the California Shakespeare Company's production of the Tempest.
The Chainsaw Mafia is also a website for networking writers, filmmakers, and various artists within the horror genre.
She moved back to Los Angeles in 1993 after her brother's death to pursue acting.
She married lawyer Anthony Keasler in 1994, and later gave birth to their daughter.
To train for parts in action movies, she studied jeet kune do with Ted Wong.

 Shannon Whirry Shannon Whirry is an American actress who was born in Green Lake, Wisconsin.
After her sitcom debut, Woodward won small parts in a trio of made-for-TV movies.
She played the role of Di Di Malloy, the teen daughter and middle child in an American family of Irish Travellers.
Sossamon was born in Honolulu, Hawaii, the daughter of Sherry Sossamon, a nurse, and Todd Lindberg.
She is of Hawaiian, French, Dutch, Irish, Filipino, and German descent.
The day after her high school graduation, she moved to Los Angeles to study dance.
After moving to Los Angeles, she began to work as a DJ, booking gigs in local clubs and performance venues.
Garnering $117,487,473 with a budget of $65 million, it became a moderate success at the worldwide box office.
With starring roles opposite two of Hollywood's hottest young actors under her belt, Shannyn's star is rising fast.
She is a more direct performer; what she does is not acting – yet – but she can look as if she's listening.
The film received extremely mixed reviews from critics; most either loving it or hating it.
What she does and what she brings is complete and honest truth to the scene.
Her role was Kira Klay, a celebrity who after realizing that she is pregnant, kills herself.
CBS ordered a 16-episode first season, but over the season, viewership decreased to around 7.5 million viewers.
The series had a very large fan base, but despite fans' efforts, CBS canceled the series after the first season.
The series premiered in February 2010, with Sossamon appearing in eight episodes throughout the show's first season.
It also generated moslty positive reactions from critics, with Sossamon's role gaining a similar response.
It had initially a debut at the 2013 Sundance London Film and Music Festival and was then posted on YouTube.
In the show, premiered on May 14, 2015, her role is Theresa Burke, the wife of Matt Dillon's character.
They had a son, Audio Science Clayton, born on May 29, 2003.
But if you have any desire to be a better person, having a baby kicks it right into gear.
In March 2012, she announced that she had given birth to her second son, Mortimer.
Shortly afterwards, they joined Warpaint, an indie rock and psychedelic band formed in Los Angeles.
Most of my days and thoughts are taken up by stories, feelings, and pictures.
Music is present in them, too, but always having to do with a picture.
When I work with musicians, I actually just see them as actors or performers in general that day.

 Sharon Angela Sharon Angela is an American film and television actress, screenwriter, and film director.
She is married to Billy Blanks, Jr., and sometimes appears under her married name of Sharon Catherine Blanks.
After Chance's birth, Farrell suffered an embolism which caused her heart to stop beating for four minutes.
She ended up with serious brain damage that resulted in memory loss and physical impairments.

But a few years later, when she spoke to him again about acting, he encouraged her, and gave her money for acting class.
After deciding to switch to acting, Gless took classes and in 1974 signed a 10-year contract with Universal Studios.
, until being offered the role of Kathleen Faverty, which she played from 1974 to 1976.
The film is based on a screenplay by the Jeff Award-winning playwright Claudia Allen and directed by .
Sharon starred in a new production in Miami, December 2010 - February 2011, directed by Jane Prowse.
The acting school Playhouse West was founded by Jeff Goldblum and Robert Carnegie in 1981.
Jordan attended Riverside Polytechnic High School and graduated in the summer of 1977; her graduating class was 1978.
Jordan resides in Los Angeles, California, with her husband and their two daughters.
Her father was an African-American military policeman who broke up with her mother before Sharon was born.
She has five other siblings, three of which were born in Haiti, also including an older brother who is Deaf.
She became interested in acting during her sixth grade year later attending a performing arts middle/high school.
Pierre-Louis is also a trained opera singer, fluent in Haitian Creole and American Sign Language. 
 Sharon Shore Sharon Shore is a dancer in ballet, musical comedy theater, opera, and television.
Choreographed by William Christensen, Shore was among the court of Apollo, a role performed by John Mallozzi.
The show was produced by Jack Yellen and featured actors Jack Cassidy and Eddie Lawrence.
It was performed at the Versailles night club, 151 East 50th Street, New York City.
Shore was a member of the June Taylor Dancers on the Jackie Gleason Show in the 1950s.
 Sharon Stone Sharon Yvonne Stone is an American actress, film producer, and former fashion model.
She has a sister, Kelly, and two brothers, Michael and Patrick Stone.
Stone was considered academically gifted as a child and entered the second grade when she was five years old.
One of the pageant judges told her to quit school and move to New York City to become a fashion model.
In 1977, Stone left Meadville, moving in with an aunt in New Jersey.
Stone played a starlet who breaks up the marriage of a successful director and his screenwriter wife.
Several actresses at the time turned down the role, mostly because of the nudity required.
In November 1995, Stone received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, located at 6925 Hollywood Blvd.
For her work in 'Walls', she was again recognized by Women in Film, this time with the Lucy Award.
In 2001, Stone was linked to a biopic of the German film director Leni Riefenstahl.
Prospective director, Paul Verhoeven, and Riefenstahl herself, favored Stone to portray Riefenstahl in the film.
For her performances, she received an Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series.
This commercial was also shown in Canada courtesy of the Heart and Stroke Foundation of Canada.
It ultimately ran in theaters for only 17 days and finished with a total domestic gross of under $6 million.
In December 2006, she co hosted the Nobel Peace Prize Concert in Oslo, Norway together with Anjelica Huston.
In order to fulfill the promise to send $1 million worth of bed nets to Tanzania, UNICEF contributed $750,000.
According to prominent economist Xavier Sala-i-Martín, officials are largely unaware of what happened with the bed nets.
These reportedly were stolen and later resurfaced as wedding dresses on the local black market.
Christian Dior advertisements featuring Stone's image were dropped from all ads in China amid the public uproar.
On October 23, 2013, Stone received the Peace Summit Award for her work with HIV/AIDS sufferers.
In 1986, Greenburg was her line producer on Allan Quatermain and the Lost City of Gold.
Stone adopted her second son, Laird Vonne Stone, in 2005, and her third son, Quinn Kelly Stone, in 2006.
She currently lives in West Hollywood, California and owns a ranch in New Zealand.
She is a Member of the Omega Alpha Chapter of Epsilon Sigma Alpha and Delta Sigma Theta. 
Wyatt cared for her elderly mother in Tennessee until her mother's death on April 12, 2012.


 Shawnee Free Jones Shawnee Free Jones is a film & television actress and advertising model.
Smith once fronted the metal band Fydolla Ho, with which she toured the US and the UK.
She was half of Smith & Pyle, a desert country-rock band, with actress Missi Pyle.
She attended Ranchito Avenue Elementary School in Panorama City, Los Angeles and Madison Jr. High in North Hollywood.
She was a regular cast member in all 129 episodes of the show from 1998 to 2004.
He mentioned in the commentary that Smith's daughter Verve accidentally told him about the pregnancy during filming.
She arrived in Toronto on March 31, 2009, to begin filming brand new flashback sequences.
She originally turned the role of Amanda Young down because it was very upsetting to her.
Smith's character was Heather Sweet, the surgery addicted daughter of GeneCo president Rotti Largo.
The trailer was filmed in Toronto, Canada and was an adaptation from the stage version.
It is still available on FEARnet.com and can also be seen in its entirety on FEARnet On Demand.
Along with acting, she is also a musician; she plays the guitar, piano, drums, and sings.
Smith fronted the punk album in 2004 with producer Chris Goss, but the project was never completed.
She was part of a country music group with actress Missi Pyle called Smith & Pyle.
The band started after Smith invited Pyle to join her in attending the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival.
The debut album was recorded in Joshua Tree, California and produced by Chris Goss.
Smith and Pyle became business partners and formed their own record label, called Urban Prairie Records.
The kids are listed in the album credits as having vocals and spoken narrative tracks for two songs.
Smith and Jason Reposar eloped in 1998 while on vacation in Scotland due to the inability to organize a wedding.

She received a Garland Award nomination for Best Actress in a Play 2001 for her role as Blue in Beirut.
The second of three children, Sheth has an older sister and a younger brother.
When she was twelve, her family moved to Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, where her parents still reside.
As a youth she traveled to India frequently with her family, and continues to visit family there regularly.
English is her primary language, but she is fluent in Gujarati, and has studied Hindi, French and Spanish.
As a child, Sheth loved performing and watching TV and films, but academics were her priority.
Although she excelled at academics, dance and sports, acting provided her first true challenge.
As she trained her passion for the craft grew, and she soon realized she wanted to make acting her life's work.
I want to tell the kinds of stories that people have a strong reaction to, positive or negative.
Sheth's work brought her to the attention of the award winning writer and director Shamim Sarif.
In 2012, Sheth continued to choose a variety of challenging roles in independent films.
Her successful career has opened doors for other South Asian actors to pursue careers in American film and television.
Sheth attended Catholic school until age 12, when her family moved to Bethlehem, Pennsylvania.
Sheth excelled and earned the honor of being selected to participate in the Tisch Scholar's Program.
After graduating from Tisch with honors Sheth continued her studies even as she built a successful career.
In New York she studied with Wynn Handman, one of the founders of The American Place Theatre.
 Sheila Bond Sheila Bond is a retired American actress and singer, known for her work on Broadway.
She is best known for her roles in B-movies, mostly Westerns of the era.
She frequently co-starred with Ken Maynard, Hoot Gibson, Johnny Mack Brown, Bill Cody, and Dick Foran.
During World War II she worked often for the USO, continuing that service until the war ended in 1945.
She is credited with seventy-five films in her career, of which seventeen were westerns, for which she is best known.
Bromley retired from films and lived in the Greater Los Angeles Area until her death in 2003, aged 91. 
It wasn't until two years later, in 1934, that she received more roles, starring in two films that year.
By 1935 her career had taken off, and from 1935 until 1941 she had roles in forty one films.
Most of her early films had her playing the heroine role in B-movies, often westerns.
In 1941 she starred in six films, and had another two films that were uncredited.
In 1946 she married actor Preston Foster, and they remained together until his death in 1970.
She died on February 24, 2004, in Kearny Mesa, California at age 89. 
Sheila Elaine Frazier was born in New York City, New York to Dorothy Dennis and Eugene Cole Frazier.
Riding home one day on the subway, Frazier was approached by a man who asked her if she had ever considered modeling.
Feeling that he was legitimate, she followed up on the contact, doing photo sessions with his boss, Bert Andrews.
She began to do runway modeling and print work but did not like the focus of attention on her.
At some point she met Richard Roundtree who suggested she audition for the Negro Ensemble Company.
As of 2013 she has not found a publisher or been able to acquire sufficient resources to self-publish the book.
She appeared in several of her husband's TV series and movies through to 1986.
Following his death in 1991 she remained on the board of Irwin Allen Productions up until her death.
She died on November 15, 2013 at her home in Malibu, California, after an extended battle with pulmonary fibrosis. 
Her father, a tailor who had fled the pogroms, died of tuberculosis on a trip to Berlin while she was still an infant.
Her mother and the children moved to a basement flat in a Stepney Green slum in the East End of London.
Her mother, who spoke little English, struggled to provide for her children there by cleaning public lavatories.
In 1914, her mother was forced by these dire circumstances to place her in the Jews Hospital and Orphanage.
To the end of her life, she was haunted by the degradation of this experience.
During this marriage, largely through the tutelage of her husband, she improved her speech and manners.
She divorced from John Gillam in June 1937, to become engaged to the Marquess of Donegall.
It was, in fact, she who found his body in their living room, where he died of a heart attack in 1940.
Ayer also suggested that Robert's biological father was most probably the Hollywood actor Robert Taylor.
She demanded a salary of $5,000 a week to resume her column, an amount comparable to that of the stars she was covering.
Graham died on November 17, 1988, in Palm Beach of congestive heart failure at the age of 84. 
She signed a deal with Claire's Boutique to have her own jewelry line, which launched on September 8, 2006.
She was featured in an issue of Miss Quince Magazine which is about planning quinceañeras.
Shelbie is part Spanish and Mexican on her mother's side, and part Scottish and Native American on her father's side.
She is a Roman Catholic and says that the two most important things in her life are her family and Jesus Christ. 
Interested in acting and comedy, she started performing in local clubs as a stand-up comedian.
Shelby Chong performed as Tommy's opening act at his comedy shows from 1996–2000, when she became his comedy partner.
In 1975 in Los Angeles, Fiddis married Canadian actor and comedian Tommy Chong, becoming his second wife.
Thompson was born on October 19, 1936, in Orlando, Oklahoma to parents, Lawrence and Mae Thompson.
She was raised in Wagoner, Oklahoma, and completed high school at Wagoner High School.
Grant appeared in local television commercials for KTUL-TV, based in Tulsa, after college.
In 1962, she moved from Oklahoma to southern California to pursue an acting career.
Grant married her husband, actor Chad Everett, in a ceremony held on May 22, 1966, in Tucson, Arizona.
Shelby Grant died of a brain aneurysm in Westlake Village, California, on June 25, 2011, at the age of 74.
Chad died from lung cancer on July 24, 2012, at the age of 75, a little over a year after Shelby's death. 

 Shelley Duvall Shelley Alexis Duvall is an American actress, producer, writer, singer, and voice artist.
The project was delayed, and when it released in 1993 it starred an entirely different cast.
In the 1980s and 1990s, she lived in Benedict Canyon in California with over 70 pets. 
Michele Ann Marie Fabares was born in Santa Monica, California, she is the niece of actress Nanette Fabray.
Fabares was a lifelong friend of Annette Funicello, whom she met in catechism class in the seventh grade.
She was at Annette's bedside with her family when she died of multiple sclerosis on April 8, 2013.
Fabares married record and movie producer Lou Adler in June 1964, separated in 1966, and was divorced in 1980.
In 1984, she married actor Mike Farrell, and is stepmother to his two children, Erin and Michael.
In October 2000, Fabares received a life-saving liver transplant after being diagnosed with autoimmune hepatitis. 
 Shelley Hack Shelley Marie Hack is an American model, actress, producer, and political and media advisor.
She appeared in a total of 26 episodes of the series, before being replaced in Season 5 by model-actress Tanya Roberts.
Hack was born in White Plains, New York and raised in nearby Greenwich, Connecticut.
She also produced the debates in Sarajevo, Mostar, and the two in Banja Luka.
She established herself in a new field as a media consultant for pre- and post-conflict countries.
Hack worked in the television sector for ten years, creating ethnically diverse television programs in Eastern Europe.
She was active on her high school speech team, competing in the Indiana High School Forensic Association.
Her first break as an actress occurred when she began doing commercials in the Chicago area.
The local NBC broadcast went on to win three Regional Emmys for Best Entertainment Show.
Long also appeared in the 1970s in V05 Shampoo print advertisements, Homemakers Furniture, and Camay Soap commercials.
The film about social unrest at Harvard University during the 1960s was a critical success.
The show was slow to capture an audience but eventually became one of the most popular on the air.
She received critical praise for the role, which required her to portray nearly 20 different personalities.
This introduced her to more dramatic roles in TV films, after which she starred in several more throughout the 1990s.
They married in 1981 and had a daughter, Juliana, on March 27, 1985.
She was raised in the Bronx, New York, and her first language was Spanish.
She underwent a lumpectomy for breast cancer in 1988, followed by a full mastectomy when the cancer recurred in 1998.
She had lung cancer and underwent surgery to remove the upper third of her right lung.
They have a large extended family of grandkids, nephews and nieces that they dote on as well.

Her parents were Jewish; her father emigrated from Austria, and her mother was born in St. Louis to Austrian immigrants.
Her sister Blanche Schrift later married George Boroff, who ran The Circle Theatre in Los Angeles.
As the Associated Press reported, the general public was unaware of how serious a craftswoman Winters was.
Winters invited Joplin to sit in on a class session at the Actors' Studio at its Los Angeles location.
Her third former husband Anthony Franciosa had a stroke on the day she died and, himself, died five days later.


 Shera Danese Shera Danese is an American actress and the widow of actor Peter Falk.
Peter left his estate including his collection of artwork to Shera, his estate reported to be worth about five million.
So frequent were their numerous break ups and reconciliations that they were known in Hollywood as the 'Fighting Falks'.
 Sheree J. Wilson Sheree Julienne Wilson is an American actress, producer, businesswoman, and model.
The daughter of two IBM executives, Wilson moved to Colorado at the age of nine and graduated from Fairview High School.
In 1981 she received a degree in fashion merchandising and business from the University of Colorado Boulder.
After three years of modeling Wilson moved to Los Angeles for a career in acting.
Her character was gunned down in the fourth episode of the final season during her honeymoon in Paris.
Her performance earned her the Soap Opera Digest Award for Best Death Scene in 1991 as well as four other nominations.
Following her mother's remarriage to Edward Bethel, she was known as Dawn Shirley Bethel.
She bore her first child at age 17 in 1949, and continued dancing in clubs under the stage name Shirley Mae Bessire.
Fox capitalized on the publicity as the studio previously had with Monroe's nude calendar posing in 1952.
In an attempt to promote North, Fox studio executives lobbied to cast her in films surrounded with popular stars.
Although Fox slowly lost interest in North, the studio continued to offer her a string of films.
When North's agent suggested she decline the film, Fox put her on suspension for two months.
When Presley withdrew due to salary disagreements, he was replaced with Jeffrey Hunter, with whom North often quarreled.
The film opened to only a minor release in 1966, and has rarely been seen since.
In 1948, at age 16, she married Fred Bessire, a draftsman, with whom she had a daughter, Dawn .
In 1955, she married television writer Bud Freeman, and the marriage ended a year later.
On November 4, 2005, North died during cancer surgery at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center.
At the time of her death, North was married to her fourth husband, Phillip Norman.
When she was 4 years old, her family moved to Topeka, Kansas, where she grew up.
Scott moved from Topeka to New York City when she was 18 to attend the Neighborhood Playhouse School of the Theatre.
The show played to sold out audiences throughout the run, finally ending its limited engagement on July 11, 2010.
For this role she was nominated for the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Actress in a Musical.
Fenn is of Italian and Hungarian descent on her mother's side and of Irish and French descent on her father's.
She did not want to start with a new school again, and soon enrolled at the Lee Strasberg Theatre Institute.
I was going to clubs, I was going here, I was going there, I was skipping acting classes when I could.
I didn't want to make choices that would always put me in a place that was comfortable and secure.
According to Fenn, the turning point in her career was when she met London in 1990.
I don't think being seen or being in the right place is going to make me a better actress.
Both Lynch and Fenn were proud of their work in it but the film ultimately was a critical and commercial failure.
She was asked to read for the femme fatale Lola , but opted for the secretary role.
The pilot, that also featured Melissa Joan Hart, Matt Letscher and Mariska Hargitay was not ordered into a series.
The series ran from 1998 to 2001 and co-starred Lynn Redgrave, Jonathan Penner and Mario Van Peebles.
She also reteamed with actor producer Drake Sather committed suicide, and the pilot was not aired.
She subsequently joined its executive team in 2007 as executive director of the film and television division.
She is set to return to her role as Audrey Horne in 2016 for the limited third season of Twin Peaks.
Saum was born in Dayton, Ohio to a German mother and an African-American father.
Saum attended Ohio State University in Columbus, and New York University in New York.
On December 3, 2013, Saum's rep announced the couple were expecting twins.
They welcomed twin boys John Rubén and Michael Luís on Tuesday, May 13, 2014. 
The series was about a Lilly a foster mother living in an enchanted lighthouse raising three foster children.
Sherry D. Jackson was born in 1942 to Maurita Kathleen Gilbert and Curtis Loys Jackson Jr. of Wendell, Idaho.
After her husband died in 1948, Maurita moved the family from Wendell to Los Angeles.
According to another, she was referred by the friend of an agent who saw Sherry eating ice cream on the Sunset Strip.
Sherry played the part of Cochran's mute daughter Annie Ballot, a role Pittman wrote specifically for his step-daughter.
on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on February 8, 1960 for her work in television.
She has acted mainly on television, but she has also played various parts in films.
At 18 she attended the Acting Conservatory of SUNY at Purchase — rooming with fellow actress and student Parker Posey.
26.7 million people watched Stringfield's return, placing the show at first place in the ratings.
In 2014, Stringfield played a recurring role on the CBS mystery Under the Dome during its second season.
She first rose to prominence in the comedy world as the first female finalist in 1989's Miller Lite Comedy Search.
She later gained public notice as the first female finalist in the Miller Lite Comedy Search in 1989.
However she campaigned for Barack Obama's re-election in United States presidential election, 2012.
Underwood is a lifetime member of Zeta Phi Beta sorority, first joining in 1990.
On The Talk, Underwood revealed that she was born with a twin that didn't survive.
She went on to say that she had been lied to by her mother, who said that her father murdered her sister.
 Shifra Lerer Shifra Lerer was an Argentine-born American Yiddish theater actress based in New York City.
Lerer appeared opposite every major Yiddish theater actor during her career, which lasted 90 years.
Lerer was born in the Santa Catalina colony in Argentina on August 30, 1915.
In 1943 she was invited by Samuel Goldberg to perform at the Parkway Theater in Brooklyn .
She was best friends with the late Yiddish theater actress, Mina Bern, who died in 2010.
Shifra Lerer died of a stroke in Manhattan on March 12, 2011, at the age of 95.
She was buried in Block 67 of Mount Hebron Cemetery in Flushing, Queens, next to her second husband, Michael Michalovic.
The cemetery's Block 67 is reserved for who worked in New York City's Yiddish theater industry.
Lerer was buried just rows from Boris Thomashefsky, who discovered Lerer at the age of 5 in Argentina.
best known as the lead singer of the R&B trio The Good Girls from 1989-1992.
She became the lead singer of the R&B group The Good Girls from the late 1980s through the early 1990s.
She has two children with actor Davis Henry, to whom she was married from 2001 to 2005. 
Her mother is Israeli-born and of Sephardic Moroccan Jewish background, and her father is of Ashkenazi Jewish descent.
She attended University of Southern California from 1998 to 1999, where she studied English.
She started acting and taking acting classes because her parents were concerned than she was so shy and introverted.
She said the role allowed her to break out of a career where she was often typecast as being sweet.
Appleby said her parents said that when she was born, she was like the song in their hearts.
She has a scar above her left eyebrow that she got when a neighbor's dog bit her when she was young.
Shook said that he met Appleby through his business partner Dotolo's wife, who was friends with Appleby.
In December 2012, the couple announced that they were expecting their first child in early 2013.
Appleby gave birth to a girl, Natalie Bouader Shook, on March 23, 2013.
In August 2015, it was announced that the couple are expecting their second child. 
Bernheim appeared in the play from October 12, 2000 until May 26, 2002.
 Shirley Booth Shirley Booth was an American stage, film, radio and television actress.
Despite her successful entry into films, she preferred acting on the stage, and made only four more films.
Booth was born Marjory Ford in New York City to Albert James and Virginia M. Ford.
In the 1905 New York state census, she was listed as Thelma Booth Ford.
Her childhood was spent in Flatbush, Brooklyn, where she attended Public School 152.
When Booth was a teenager, her family moved to Hartford, Connecticut, where she became involved in summer stock.
Against her father's protests, she dropped out of school and traveled to New York City to further pursue a career.
She was a prominent actress in Pittsburgh theatre for a time, performing with the Sharp Company.
During the 1930s and 1940s, she achieved popularity in dramas, comedies and, later, musicals.
Her leading man, Sidney Blackmer, received the Tony for Best Actor in a Play for his performance as her husband, Doc.
Booth then went to Hollywood and reprise her stage role in the 1952 film version with Burt Lancaster playing Doc.
For her performances in both films, Booth was nominated s the year's Best Actress by the New York Film Critics Circle .
Ray Fulmer was cast as Steve Baxter, the brother of DeFore's character George.
Lynn Borden, a former Miss Arizona, was cast as Steve's wife Barbara .
In the retooled version, George and Dorothy Baxter have moved to Baghdad leaving Harold to live with Steve and Barbara.
While ratings for the fifth season were still strong , Booth decided to end the show due to health issues.
She won critical acclaim for her performance and was nominated for another Primetime Emmy Award.
It was Booth's final acting role after which she retired to her home in Cape Cod.
She maintained contact with her friends via telephone and spent her time painting and doing needlework.
Booth chose not to attend the ceremony and the award was accepted by Celeste Holm.
After her death, Booth's sister said she had broken her hip in 1991 which further inhibited her mobility.
On October 16, 1992, Booth died at age 94 at her home in North Chatham.

 Shirley Jones Shirley Mae Jones is an American singer and actress of stage, film and television.
Jones began singing at the age of six in the Methodist Church choir and took voice lessons from Ralph Lewando.
Upon attending South Huntingdon High School in Ruffs Dale, Pennsylvania, she participated in school plays.
She became the first and only singer to be put under personal contract with the songwriters.
Her character becomes a prostitute who encounters her seducer years later and takes her revenge.
She was convinced that the combination of music and comedy would be a surefire hit.
Jones realized, however, that: During its first season, it became a hit and was screened in over 70 countries.
In 1971, The Partridge Family was nominated for a Grammy under the Best New Artist category.
Though Jones was outraged about the series' cancellation, she held the show together.
It was one of six series to be canceled that year to make room for new shows.
Shirley was shocked to hear her real-life stepson was going to audition for the role of Keith Partridge.
In 2015, Cassidy lost contact with Jones and her family, even before the death of Marty Ingels.
On August 5, 1956, Jones married singer and actor Jack Cassidy, with whom she had three sons, Shaun, Patrick, and Ryan.
David Cassidy, Jack's only child from his first marriage to actress Evelyn Ward, became her stepson.
Sinatra felt that he should have been paid twice because technically he was shooting two films.
Three weeks after he left, they found a way to film the scene once on 55-mm, then transfer it onto 35-mm.
 Shirley Knight Shirley Knight Hopkins is an American stage, film, and television actress.
She had weak ankles as a toddler, so her mother decided to enroll her in ballet class at the age of three.
The summer before her senior year, she went to New York City to try acting on Broadway, and had some success.
The film won another four Oscars; one for Jack Nicholson and three for director-screenwriter-producer James L. Brooks.
In 2011, the government of France made her a Chevalier de la Legion d'honneur.
MacLaine was married to businessman Steve Parker from 1954 until their divorce in 1982; they have a daughter, Sachi.
Her well-known interest in New Age spirituality has also made its way into several of her films.
In 2015, she sparked criticism for her comments on Jews, Christians, and Stephen Hawking.
The sisters spent much of their childhood touring with companies at Coney Island, Elks Clubs and other venues.
Eventually, their mother's efforts paid off; all 3 sisters were hired by Edison Studios.
Shirley had appeared in several films and had also met her future husband, Bernard Durning.
Mason and Durning enjoyed a very happy marriage, him directing films back East, and Shirley acting in them.
All was well until 1923 when Bernard contracted typhoid fever and died, leaving 22-year-old Shirley a widow.
She stopped making films in her early twenties, and went on to be a singer and a data processing salesperson.
She married Mel Hanson in 1977 who died in 1995; they had no children.
Mitchell was born in Toledo, Ohio, the daughter of Sam Mitchell and his wife.
She went on to appear in several TV shows of the 1960s and did voiceover work in subsequent decades.
By August 1955, they had two children, a girl followed by a boy, Brooke, and Scott, respectively.
In 1992, she married songwriter Jay Livingston and the two remained married until his death in 2001.
Mitchell died of heart failure on November 11, 2013, at the age of 94. 
She had two uncredited roles following that film, one the same year and the other in 1934, after which her career ended.
Patterson began her acting career after being a beauty contestant in pageants in California in 1940.
Her career spanned forty films, a small quantity of television appearances, and a serial.
A beautiful woman in her youth, Patterson played the role of heroine in the 1943 fifteen chapter Batman serial.
Patterson had a long fight with cancer in her later years, and died in 1995 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
She is an alumna of California State University, Chico and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Theater Arts.
She died on October 8, 2011 in her hometown of New Orleans, after eight years of living with the disease. 
Growing up in California, she attended Hollywood High School and UCLA, training as a classical pianist.
By age 14, she was giving radio recitals and made her first vocal recordings at 20 with Gus Arnheims’s band.
Thus began a three-year period during which Ross was cast opposite either Crosby or Bob Hope on five occasions.
As her married name, Bernice Dolan Blum, was not well known, her death was not widely publicized.
But Hope, with whom she had an enduring real-life friendship, did not fail to commemorate her death.
He and Crosby sent a 5-foot tall cross with white carnations and a spray of red roses to her funeral.
She had become a key underground player by the time she earned film infamy in 1970 at age 41.
Stoler lived in Manhattan until her death from heart failure at the age of 69.
For almost her entire career, Shirley Stoler kept an apartment at 308 W. 17th St, just West of 8th Avenue. 
 Shirley Washington Shirley Washington was a television and film actress who appeared in television shows from 1970.
 Shizuko Hoshi Shizuko Hoshi is an American actress and theatre director living in Southern California.
Aghdashloo was born in Tehran, Iran, as Shohreh Vaziri-Tabar, the daughter of Effie and Anushiravan Vaziri-Tabar.
Her stage name is from the family name of her first husband, painter Aydin Aghdashloo.
She had always wanted to be an actress, and soon began playing leading roles in Iranian theatre and film.
She was already familiar with England, as her parents took her to London as a child.
She then continued to pursue her acting career, which brought her to Los Angeles.
In 2008, she served as an official festival judge for the 2nd annual Noor Iranian Film Festival in Los Angeles.
The festival would later honor her in 2013 with an Achievement Award for her acting career.
The film was released to a 19% negative rating on Rotten Tomatoes and grossed $28,728,151 worldwide.

Fox was born Sidney Leiffer in 1911 in New York City to a Jewish family.
Young Sidney got a job as a dressmaker, and spent her spare time studying law.
She began studying acting and pestering the movie moguls for a film role, unsuccessfully.
She was married to screenwriter Charles Beahan from 1932 until her death in 1942 at age 30.
Sidney Fox died of an overdose of sleeping pills on November 15, 1942 in Hollywood at the age of 30.
She was interred at Mount Lebanon Cemetery, Glendale, Queens, New York City. 

 Sienna Miller Sienna Rose Diana Miller is an American and British actress, model, and fashion designer.
Born in New York City, United States, Miller moved to London with her family when she was just over a year old.
Her father, Edwin Miller, is an American banker turned dealer of Chinese art.
She appeared in the 2009 live-action film adaptation of the comic book and cartoon G.I.
She was selected to be on the jury for the main competition section of the 2015 Cannes Film Festival.
Miller signed a two-year contract with Pepe Jeans London; the jeans ad campaign first appeared in magazines March 2006.
Called Twenty8Twelve, it gets its name from Miller's date of birth and is financially backed by Pepe Jeans.
She travelled with them to the Democratic Republic of the Congo in April 2009, and kept a blog about her experiences.
On 8 July 2005, Law issued a public apology to Miller for having an affair with the nanny of his children.
It was also reported at the time that Miller had been having an affair with Daniel Craig.
Miller later sued two British tabloids over the publication of photos showing her and Getty together.
Miller then dated actor Tom Sturridge, with whom she has a daughter, Marlowe Ottoline Layng Sturridge .
Later, as a core participant, she gave evidence to the Leveson Inquiry in November 2011.
Miller's statement to the inquiry, which included the following, later made news headlines: 
Holmes is from Suffern, New York and is a graduate of the American Musical & Dramatic Academy.
And she splits her time between Los Angeles and New York when she is not filming.
Signe Eleonora Cecilia Larsson was born in the Kungsholmen parish of Stockholm, Sweden in 1915.
In her later years, Hasso worked as a songwriter and writer and translated Swedish folk songs into English.
She died in Los Angeles in 2002, aged 86, from pneumonia resulting from lung cancer.
In 1935, she received the Theatre League's De Wahl-stipendium and in 1939 the first Nordic nordiska Gösta Ekmanpriset.
In 1972, the King of Sweden named her Member 1st Class of the Royal Order of Vasa.
Hasso has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for her contribution to motion pictures, at 7080 Hollywood Boulevard. 
Her first marriage was to fashion businessman George Gilbert Ateyeh, with whom she had a daughter, Melissa.
Valdis died on October 14, 2007, from lung cancer in Anaheim, California.
Silvana began her teaching career in NYC - working with kids whom life had given up on.
She was of Venezuelan, Sicilian and Cuban descent and proud of her Native American ancestry.
She attended Morris High School and is forever grateful to Herbert Fein, then Chairman of the Music Department.
He took a chance on her, even though she didn't feel that she could really sing or dance.
His belief in her made Silvana believe that she could have a career in the arts.
She was also aware of Walter Lott, another student of the Stanislavski's Method.
Silvana was also a track star - running and winning NYC Championship for the relay.
She was coached by Sunny Pomales, a wonderful man who demanded the best from her.
In Silvana's first film, THE WINDWALKER, She had to do a scene where she had to run full out.
She was a Theater Arts major at the University of South Carolina for three years.
While attending college Simone acted in a weekly children's show for a Columbia television station.
Siobhan Fallon was born in Syracuse, New York, United States, the daughter of Jane and William J. Fallon, an attorney.
Fallon is married to commodities trader Peter Hogan and they have three children: Bernadette, Peter and Sinead.
On the eve of the 1st century AD, the settlement was seized by the Romans and became a military camp.
From 1282, the town was part of the Serbian Empire and acted as its capital city from 1346.
In the Second World War the city was conquered by the Bulgarian Army, which was part of the Axis powers.
It is a center for metal-processing, chemical, timber, textile, leather, and printing industries.
The valley is approximately 20 km wide and it is limited by several mountain ranges to the North and South.
In its administrative boundaries, the City of Skopje stretches for more than 33 km, but it is only 10 km wide.
The urbanised area only covers 337 km2, with a density of 65 inhabitants per hectare.
The Vardar river, which flows through Skopje, is at approximately 60 km from its source near Gostivar.
In Skopje, its average discharge is 51 m3 s−1 in May and 18.7 m3 s−1.
The subsoil contains a large water table which is alimented by the Vardar river and functions as an underground river.
The water table is 4 to 12 m under the ground and 4 to 144 m deep.
Mount Vodno, the highest point inside the city limits, is 1066 m high and is part of the Jakupica range.
Although Skopje is built on the foot of Mount Vodno, the urban area is mostly flat.
It is covered by a first layer of Quaternary sands and silt, which is between 70 and 90 m deep.
The layer is topped by a much smaller layer of clay, sand, silt and gravel, carried by the Vardar river.
It led to the formation of canyons, such as the Matka Canyon, which is surrounded by ten caves.
The summers are long, hot and humid, while the winters are short, relatively cold, and wet.
In winter, the day temperatures are roughly , but at nights they often fall below and sometimes below .
The city of Skopje encompasses various natural environments and its fauna and flora are rich.
The largest protected area within the city limits is Mount Vodno, which is a popular leisure destination.
A cable car connects its peak to the downtown, and many pedestrian paths run through its woods.
Skopje experiences many environmental issues which are often overshadowed by the economic poverty of the country.
Water treatment plants are being built, but much polluted water is still discharged untreated into the Vardar.
Waste is disposed of in the open-air municipal landfill site, located 15 km north of the city.
Every day, it receives 1,500 m3 of domestic waste and 400 m3 of industrial waste.
Reconstruction had to be quick in order to relocate families and to relaunch the local economy.
To stimulate economic development, the number of thoroughfares was increased and future urban extension was anticipated.
Between Karpoš and Aerodrom lies the city centre, rebuilt according to plans by Japanese architect Kenzo Tange.
Many other elements were also built, including fountains, statues, hotels, government buildings and bridges.
They benefit from the presence of major roads, railways and the airport, located in Petrovec.
Skopje is an ethnically diverse city, and its urban sociology primarily depends on ethnic and religious belonging.
It was developed after the 1963 earthquake to accommodate Roma who had lost their house.
The rocky promontory on which stands the Fortress was the first site settled by man in Skopje.
Although the Chalcolithic settlement must have been of some significance, it declined during the Bronze Age.
Scupi was originally an Illyrian settlement fonded during the 1st millennium BC but it later became a Dardanian town.
It was located on Zajčev Rid hill, some 5 km west of the fortress promontory.
Dardanians, who lived in present-day Kosovo, invaded the region around Skopje during the 3rd century BC.
The first mention of the city was made at that period by Livy, who died in 17 AD.
The district called Dardania was formed into a special province by Diocletian, with the capital at Naissus.
The period from the end of the 3rd century to the end of the 4th century was particularly flourishing.
A first church was founded under the reign of Constantine the Great and Scupi became the seat of a diocese.
In 395, following the division of the Roman Empire in two, Scupi became part of the Eastern Roman Empire.
In its heyday, Scupi covered 40 hectares and was closed by a 3.5 m wide wall.
It had many monuments, including four necropoles, a theatre, thermae, and a large Christian basilica.
In 518, Scupi was destroyed by a violent earthquake, possibly the most devastating one Macedonia has ever experienced.
During his reign, many Byzantine towns were relocated on hills and other easily defendable places to face invasions.
Scupi was thus transferred on another site: the promontory on which stands the fortress.
The Slavic tribe which settled in Scupi were probably the Berziti who had invaded the entire Vardar valley.
Starting from the end of the 10th century Skopje experienced a period of wars and political troubles.
Later, Skopje was briefly seized twice by Slavic insurgents who wanted to restore a Bulgarian state.
At first in 1040 under Peter Delyan's command, and in 1072 under the orders of Georgi Voyteh.
In 1081, Skopje was captured by Norman troops led by Robert Guiscard and the city remained in their hands until 1088.
However, because of epidemics and food shortage, Normans quickly surrendered to the Byzantines.
Byzantine conquest was briefly reversed in 1255 by the regents of the young Michael Asen I of Bulgaria.
Churches, monasteries and markets were built and tradesmen from Venice and Dubrovnik opened shops.
The town greatly benefited from its location on the roads between Europe, Middle-East and Africa.
In the 14th century, Skopje became such an important city that king Dušan made it the capital of the Serbian kingdom.
It was then one of the only big cities on the territory of future Yugoslavia, together with Belgrade and Sarajevo.
At that time, Dubrovnik, which was a busy harbour, had not even 7,000 inhabitants.
The same day, general Engelberto d'Ugo Piccolomini set fire to the city to end the epidemic.
It is however possible that he wanted to avenge damages that Turks caused in Vienna in 1683.
Some were arrested by the Ottomans, such as Petar Karposh, who was impaled on Skopje Stone Bridge.
It was largely overwhelmed by two towns of the present-day Republic of Macedonia: Bitola and Štip .
Because of the rural exodus, the share of Christians in the city population arose.
Its revolutionary network in Skopje region was not well-developed and the lack of weapons was a serious problem.
In the next few days the band was pursued by numerous Bashibozuks and moved to Bulgaria.
Albanians opposed the nationalist character of the movement and led local uprisings in 1910 and 1912.
During the latter they managed to seize most of Kosovo and took Skopje on 11 August.
Following an alliance contracted in 1912, Bulgaria, Greece and Serbia declared war on the Ottoman Empire.
The Serbian annexation led to the exodus of many Turks: 725 Turkish families left the city on 27 January 1913.
The same year, the city population was evaluated at 37,000 by the Serbian authorities.
Until the Second World War, Skopje experienced strong economic growth, and its population increased.
The city had 41,066 inhabitants in 1921, 64,807 in 1931, and 80,000 in 1941.
In 1941, Skopje had 45 factories, half of the industry in the whole of Macedonia.
In 1941, during the Second World War, Yugoslavia was invaded by Nazi Germany.
Germans seized Skopje 8 April and left it to their Bulgarian allies in 22 April 1941.
The 4,000 Jews of Skopje were all deported in 1943 to Treblinka where almost all of them died.
However, its post-war development was altered by the 1963 earthquake which occurred 26 July.
16,000 people were buried alive in ruins and 70% of the population lost their home.
Reconstruction was finished by 1980, even if many elements were never built because funds were exhausted.
Skopje cityscape was drastically changed and the city became a true example of modernist architecture.
Demographic growth was very important after 1963, and Skopje had 408,100 inhabitants in 1981.
It is either vertical or horizontal, but the vertical version was the first to be used.
It depicts the Stone Bridge with the Vardar river, the Kale Fortress and the snow-capped peaks of the Šar mountains.
Being the capital and largest city of the Republic of Macedonia, Skopje enjoys a particular status granted by law.
The City of Skopje is part of Skopje Statistical Region, which has no political or administrative power.
It primarily deals with budget, global orientations and relations between the City and the government.
Several commissions exist to treat more specific topics, such as urbanism, finances, environment of local development.
Following the 2013 local elections, the City Council is constituted as follows: Mayor.
A former deputy and mayor of Gazi Baba municipality, he is a member of the VMRO-DPMNE.
The mayor represents the City of Skopje and he can submit ideas to the Council.
Skopje was first divided into administrative units in 1945, but the first municipalities were created in 1976.
They were five: Centar, Čair, Karpoš, Gazi Baba and Kisela Voda.
A 1996 law restored them and created two new municipalities: Gjorče Petrov and Šuto Orizari.
Saraj is mostly populated by Albanians and, since then, Albanians represent more than 20% of the city population.
The same year, Aerodrom Municipality separated itself from Kisela Voda, and Butel municipality from Čair.
In 2009, the regional GDP per capita amounted to USD 6,565, or 155% of the Macedonian GDP per capita.
This figure is however smaller than the one of Sofia , Sarajevo or Belgrade , but higher than the one of Tirana .
In 2009, Skopje had 26,056 firms but only 145 of them had a large size.
Although few in number, large firms account for 51% of the local production outside finance.
The city industry is dominated by food processing, textile, printing and metal processing.
Notably, the ArcelorMittal and Makstil steel plants are located there, and also the Skopje Brewery.
Other zones are located between Aerodrom and Kisela Voda, along the railway to Greece.
They have attracted several foreign companies, such as Johnson Controls, Johnson Matthey and Van Hool.
However, since the 1970s, retailing has largely been modernised and Skopje now has many supermarkets and shopping malls.
It comprises a Carrefour hypermarket, 130 shops and a cinema, and employs 2,000 people.
The unemployment rate for the Skopje Statistical Region was at 27% in 2009, three points under the national rate .
The neighbouring Polog Region had a similar rate, but the less affected region was the South-West, with 22%.
The average net monthly wage in Skopje was at €400 in October 2010, which represented 120% of the national figure.
The average wage in Skopje was then lower than in Sarajevo Sofia and in Belgrade .
Skopje concentrates a third of Macedonia's population and other Macedonian towns are much smaller.
After the fire, it experienced a long period of decline and only had 10,000 inhabitants in 1836.
However, the population started to rise again after 1850 and reached 32,000 inhabitants in 1905.
In the 20th century, Skopje was one of the fastest growing cities in Yugoslavia and it has 448,200 inhabitants in 1971.
Skopje, as the Republic of Macedonia as a whole, is characterised by a large ethnic diversity.
Skopje was mainly a Muslim city until the 19th century, when large number of Christians started to settle there.
Then came Albanians with 103,891 inhabitants , Roma people with 23,475 , Serbs , Turks , Bosniaks and Vlachs .
They also form a majority in Butel and Gazi Baba which are north of the river.
Albanians form a majority in Čair which roughly corresponds to the Old Bazaar, and in Saraj.
Šuto Orizari, located on the northern edge of the city, is predominantly Roma.
Thus, in Čair and Saraj schools and administration use Albanian, and Romani in Šuto Orizari.
The latter is the only municipality in the world where Romani is an official language.
Each group tolerate the other but they tend to avoid each other and live in what can appear as two parallel worlds.
However, even if official figures are underestimated, Skopje is the city in the world with the largest Roma population.
The community comprised 2,424 members in 1939 and most of them were deported and killed by Nazis.
Religious communities often complain about the lack of infrastructure and new places of worship are often built.
It has an Orthodox cathedral and seminary, several madrasahs, a Roman Catholic cathedral and a synagogue.
In 2012, Skopje had a ratio of one physician per 251.6 inhabitants, a figure higher than the national ratio .
The ratio of medical specialists was also higher than in the rest of the country.
However, the ratio of hospital beds, pharmacists and dentists was lower in Skopje.
In 2010, the mortality rate was at 8.6‰ in Skopje and 9.3‰ on the national level.
People in Skopje usually have a better level of education than the rest of Macedonians.
For instance, 16% of the city inhabitants went to University compared to 10% of the Macedonians.
Skopje has 21 secondary schools of which 5 are general high-schools and 16 are vocational schools.
Since the independence of the Republic of Macedonia in 1991, several private universities have been created.
The largest are the European University with 7 departments, and the FON University, with 9 departments.
Of the 818 newspapers surveyed in 2000 by the Ministry of Information, over 600 had their headquarters in Skopje.
The daily Dnevnik, founded in 1996, with 60 000 runs per day is the most printed in the country.
Other major newspapers in Skopje, totally private, are Utrinski Vesnik , Vest and Vreme .
The city is home of the studios of Macedonian Radio-Television , the country's public radio and television.
Founded in 1966, it operate withs three national broadcast channels, twenty-four hours at day.
Kanal 5, Telma, Alfa TV and AlsatM are another major private television companies.
Radio Antenna 5 and Metropolis are two other major private stations that have their headquarters in Skopje.
As the capital and largest city of Macedonia, Skopje has many major sporting facilities.
The basketball court Kale can accommodate 5 000 people and the court of Jane Sandanski, 4000 people.
It was opened in 2008 and named after president Boris Trajkovski, who died in 2004.
FK Vardar and FK Rabotnički are the two most popular football teams, playing in the first national league.
Their workouts are held at Philip Arena II, like those of the national team.
Another popular sport in Macedonia is basketball, represented in particular by the teams Rabotnički and MZT Skopje.
Handball is illustrated by RK Vardar PRO and RK Metalurg Skopje, also the women's team ŽRK Metalurg and ŽRK Vardar.
Corridor X locally corresponds to the M-1 motorway , which is the longest Macedonian highway.
Corridor VIII, less developed, corresponds to the M-4 motorway and the Kičevo-Beljakovce railway.
Skopje is not quite on the Corridor X and the M-1 does not pass on the city territory.
Thus the junction between the M-1 and M-4 is located some 20 km east, close to the airport.
Furthermore, 26% of Thessalonians, 33% of Sofians and 37% of Tiranans have never been to Skopje.
After the completion of the Corridor VIII railway scheduled for 2022, the city will also be linked to Tirana and Sofia.
Daily trains also link Skopje with other Macedonian towns, such as Kumanovo, Kičevo, Štip, Bitola or Veles.
Skopje coach station opened in 2005 and is built right under the main train station.
Coach connections to and from Skopje are much more efficient and diverse than train connections.
However, most of the network is still in the hands of JSP which operates 67 lines on 80.
A tram network has long been planned in Skopje and the idea was first proposed in the 1980s.
The project became real in 2006 when the mayor Trifun Kostovski asked for feasibility studies.
His successor Koce Trajanovski launched a call for tenders in 2010 and the first line is scheduled for 2019.
The annual traffic has constantly risen since 2008, reaching one million passengers in 2014.
The Univerzalna Sala, seating 1,570, was built in 1966 and is used for concerts, fashion shows and congresses.
Other large halls include the Macedonian Opera and Ballet , the National Theatre , and the Drama Theatre .
The largest museum in Skopje is the Museum of Macedonia which details the history of the country.
The Contemporary Art Museum of Macedonia was built after the 1963 earthquake thanks to international assistance.
The Skopje City Museum is located inside the remains of the old train station, destroyed by the 1963 earthquake.
It is dedicated to the local history and it has four departments: archeology, ethnology, history and art history.
The Memorial House of Mother Teresa was built in 2009 on the site where stood the church were the Saint was baptised.
The Macedonian Museum of Natural History showcases some 4,000 items while the 12-ha Skopje Zoo is home to 300 animals.
It was also a ground for modernist experiments in the 20th century, following the 1963 earthquake.
Skopje is thus an environment where old, new, progressist, reactionary, eastern and western perspectives coexist.
Skopje has some remains of Prehistorical architecture which can be seen on the Tumba Madžari Neolithic site.
On the other side of the city lie the remains of the ancient Scupi, with ruins of a theatre, thermae and a basilica.
It seems to have been built by the Byzantines ot the Turks, but it was already out of use in the 16th century.
The Skopje Fortress was rebuilt several times before it was destroyed by the 1963 earthquake.
Mosques in Skopje are usually simple in design, with a square base and a single dome and minaret.
There entrance is usually emphasised by a portico, as on Mustafa Pasha Mosque, dating from the 15th century.
The Aladža Mosque was originally covered with blue faience, but it disappeared in the 1689 Great Fire.
The Church of the Ascension is particularly small it is half-buried in order not to overlook neighbouring mosques.
After 1912, when Skopje was annexed to Serbia, the city was drastically westernised.
Modernism appeared as early as 1933 with the former Ethnographic Museum , designed by Milan Zloković.
The reconstruction of city centre was partially planned by Japanese Kenzo Tange who designed the new train station.
These two buildings are noted for their originality although they are directly inspired by brutalism.
It made plans to erect a large number of statues, fountains, bridges, and museums at a cost of about €500 million.
It is part of the European Jazz Network and the European Forum of World Wide Festivals.
The artists` profiles include fusion, acid jazz, Latin jazz, smooth jazz, and avant-garde jazz.
Ray Charles, Tito Puente, Gotan Project, Al Di Meola, Youssou N'Dour, among others, have performed at the festival.
It is a relatively new event in the Macedonian cultural scene that occurs every summer in early July.
The Skopje Cultural Summer Festival is a renowned cultural event that takes place in Skopje each year during the summer.
Over the years, it has evolved into a stage on which artists from some 50 countries have performed.
The Skopje Film Festival is a film festival held in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia.
There is a large emphasis on casinos, many of which are associated with hotels, such as that of the Holiday Inn.
In 2010, the Colosseum club was named fifth on a list of the best clubs in Southeastern Europe.
Armin van Buuren, Above and Beyond, The Shapeshifters are just some of the many musicians that have visited the club.
Some of the most popular cafés in Skopje are Café Ei8ht, Café Trend, Drama Café,Lex Café and Blue Café.
The closing time in shops, cafés and restaurants was extended due to the high attendances recorded.
On July 19, 2014, McCole Bartusiak died in her apartment behind her parents' Houston home.
The Harris County Institute of Forensic Sciences ruled in October 2014 that McCole Bartusiak's death was an accident.
She was then discovered by a talent agent as a result of a chance encounter at the DMV.
In 2004, she and her family moved to French Valley, California, to pursue a career in the entertainment industry.
Her parents, David and Kelly, were also gymnasts and owned a gym in Norcross, Georgia.
Samuels is the daughter of Kathy, a producer for unscripted series, and Scott, a U.S. marshal.
She has three brothers, Cody, Harrison, and Jack, and one sister, Heather.
She is known for her role as Chloe in ' and as Kylie in '.
The Slavs arrived in the territory of present-day Slovakia in the 5th and 6th centuries.
After World War I and the dissolution of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, the Slovaks and Czechs established Czechoslovakia.
A separate Slovak Republic existed in World War II as a client state of Nazi Germany.
Slovakia became an independent state on 1 January 1993 after the peaceful dissolution of Czechoslovakia.
Slovakia is a high-income advanced economy with one of the fastest growth rates in the European Union and the OECD.
The country joined the European Union in 2004 and the Eurozone on 1 January 2009.
Slovakia is also a member of the Schengen Area, NATO, the United Nations, the OECD and the WTO.
These ancient tools, made by the Clactonian technique, bear witness to the ancient habitation of Slovakia.
Other stone tools from the Middle Paleolithic era come from the Prévôt cave near Bojnice and from other nearby sites.
The most well-known finds include the oldest female statue made of mammoth-bone , the famous Venus of Moravany.
The Bronze Age in Slovakia went through three stages of development, stretching from 2000 to 800 BC.
Excavations of Lusatian hill forts document the substantial development of trade and agriculture at that period.
The inhabitants of the area manufactured arms, shields, jewelry, dishes, and statues.
Biatecs, silver coins with inscriptions in the Latin alphabet, represent the first known use of writing in Slovakia.
This culture is often connected with the Celtic tribe mentioned in Roman sources as Cotini.
Such Roman border settlements were built on the present area of Rusovce, currently a suburb of Bratislava.
The military fort was surrounded by a civilian vicus and several farms of the villa rustica type.
The military fort had an auxiliary cavalry unit, approximately 300 horses strong, modeled after the Cananefates.
In the 2nd and 3rd centuries AD, the Huns began to leave the Central Asian steppes.
However, Attila's death in 453 brought about the disappearance of the Hun tribe.
In 568, a Turko-Mongol tribal confederacy, the Avars, conducted its own invasion into the Middle Danube region.
The Avars occupied the lowlands of the Pannonian Plain, and established an empire dominating the Carpathian Basin.
After 626, the Avar power started a gradual decline but its reign lasted to 804.
Together with neighboring Moravia, the principality formed the core of the Great Moravian Empire from 833.
Upon Rastislav's request, two brothers, Byzantine officials and missionaries Saints Cyril and Methodius came in 863.
Cyril developed the first Slavic alphabet and translated the Gospel into the Old Church Slavonic language.
During Rastislav's reign, the Principality of Nitra was given to his nephew Svatopluk as an appanage.
A significant decline in the population resulted from the invasion of the Mongols in 1241 and the subsequent famine.
In the peace following the World War, Czechoslovakia emerged as a sovereign European state.
There was progress in not only the development of the country's economy, but also culture and educational opportunities.
The minority Germans came to accept their role in the new country and relations with Austria were good.
Yet the Great Depression caused a sharp economic downturn, followed by political disruption and insecurity in Europe.
Southern and eastern Slovakia, however, was reclaimed by Hungary at the First Vienna Award of November 1938.
Thousands of Jews, however, remained to labor in Slovak work camps in Sereď, Vyhne, and Nováky.
Nevertheless, under Tiso's government, the vast majority of Slovakia's Jewish population were murdered.
Tiso became the only European leader to pay Nazi authorities to deport his country's Jews.
The territory of Slovakia was liberated by Soviet and Romanian forces by the end of April 1945.
Out of about 130,000 Carpathian Germans in Slovakia in 1938, by 1947 only some 20,000 remained.
In 1969 Czechoslovakia became a federation of the Czech Socialist Republic and the Slovak Socialist Republic.
In November the federal parliament voted to dissolve the country officially on 31 December 1992.
Slovakia became a member of NATO on 29 March 2004 and of the European Union on 1 May 2004.
Tatras, with 29 peaks higher than AMSL, are the highest mountain range in the Carpathian Mountains.
The Tatra mountain range is represented as one of the three hills on the coat of arms of Slovakia.
Slovakia has hundreds of caves and caverns under its mountains, out of which 15 are open to the public.
Most of the caves have stalagmites rising from the ground and stalactites hanging from above.
They are Dobšinská Ice Cave, Domica, Gombasek Cave, Jasovská Cave and Ochtinská Aragonite Cave.
The biggest volume of discharge in Slovak rivers is during spring, when the snow melts from the mountains.
The only exception is the Danube, whose discharge is the greatest during summer when the snow melts in the Alps.
With an area of 20 ha and its depth of , Veľké Hincovo pleso is the largest and the deepest tarn in Slovakia.
Of the lichen-forming species, about 40% have been classified as threatened in some way.
About 7% are apparently extinct, 9% endangered, 17% vulnerable, and 7% rare.
The Slovak head of state is the president , elected by direct popular vote for a five-year term.
The remainder of the cabinet is appointed by the president on the recommendation of the prime minister.
Slovakia's highest legislative body is the 150-seat unicameral National Council of the Slovak Republic .
Slovakia's highest judicial body is the Constitutional Court of Slovakia , which rules on constitutional issues.
The 13 members of this court are appointed by the president from a slate of candidates nominated by parliament.
Slovakia is also a member of WTO, OECD, OSCE, and other international organizations.
The Constitution of the Slovak Republic was ratified 1 September 1992, and became effective 1 January 1993).
The president is the head of state and the formal head of the executive, though with very limited powers.
The president is elected by direct, popular vote under the two-round system for a five-year term.
It is a member of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , the World Trade Organization , and the OECD.
It also is part of the Visegrad Four , a forum for discussing areas of common concern.
Slovakia maintains diplomatic relations with 134 countries, primarily through its Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
From 2006 the army transformed into a fully professional organization and compulsory military service was abolished.
The Air and Air Defence Forces comprise one wing of fighters, one wing of utility helicopters, and one SAM brigade.
Miscellaneous forces under the direct command of the General Staff include the 5th Special Forces Regiment.
Before the financial crisis of 2007–08, Slovakia had experienced high and sustained economic growth.
In 2007, 2008 and 2010 , Slovakia was the fastest growing economy in the European Union.
In 2011 and 2012, Slovakia was the 2nd fastest growing Eurozone member after Estonia.
Slovakia's GDP growth in 2015 still remains one of the highest in the Eurozone.
The ratio of government debt to GDP in Slovakia reached 58% by the end of 2013.
In addition to economic growth, migration of workers to other EU countries also contributed to this reduction.
It reached only 1% in 2010 which is the lowest recorded rate since 1993.
Slovakia adopted the Euro currency on 1 January 2009 as the 16th member of the Eurozone.
The Slovak koruna was revalued on 28 May 2008 to 30.126 for 1 euro, which was also the exchange rate for the euro.
Slovakia, along with other post-communist countries, still faces major challenges in the field of the knowledge economy.
ESET is an IT security company from Bratislava with more than 500 employees worldwide at present.
Their branch offices are in the United States, Ireland, United Kingdom, Argentina, Czech Republic, Singapore and Poland.
In 2012, Slovakia produced a total of 28 393 GWh of electricity while at the same time consumed 28 786 GWh.
There are four main highways D1 to D4 and eight express ways R1 to R8.
The D4 motorway , which would ease the pressure on Bratislava's highway system, is mostly at the planning stage.
The A6 motorway to Vienna connects Slovakia directly to the Austrian motorway system and was opened on 19 November 2007.
Nowadays, the city experiences a sharp increase in the road traffic, increasing pressure on the road network.
Additionally, tourist lines operate from Bratislava's passenger port, including routes to Devín, Vienna and elsewhere.
According to the 2011 census, the majority of the inhabitants of Slovakia are Slovaks .
Unofficial estimates on the number of Roma population are much higher, around 5,6%.
Hungarian is widely spoken in the southern regions, and Rusyn is used in some parts of the Northeast.
In 2004, about one third of the then church members regularly attended church services.
After the genocidal policies of the Nazi era, only about 2,300 Jews remain today .
Folk tradition has rooted strongly in Slovakia and is reflected in literature, music, dance and architecture.
SĽUK is the largest Slovak folk art group, trying to preserve the folklore tradition.
The best known Slovak hero, found in many folk mythologies, is Juraj Jánošík .
Jánošík's life was depicted in a list of literature works and many movies throughout the 20th century.
Although his work can be found in many places , his most famous is a wooden altar in the Church of St. Jacob in Levoča.
of the 16th century, whose statue of Madonna can be seen in the Saint Catherine Church in Banská Štiavnica.
The statues of Saint Catherine and Saint Barbara are in the art gallery of the Slovak Mining Museum in Banská Štiavnica.
Another important sculptors were Ján Koniarek , Alojz Stróbl , Ján Fadrusz and Alojz Rigele .
The generation 1909 represent Cyprián Majerník , Ján Želibský, Ján Mudroch , Ladislav Čemický and Ester M. Šimerová .
For a list of notable Slovak writers and poets, see List of Slovak authors.
The first was Anton Bernolák whose concept was based on the western Slovak dialect in 1787.
By the end of the 1950s, radios were common household items, though only state stations were legal.
Slovak popular music began as a mix of bossa nova, cool jazz, and rock, with propagandistic lyrics.
Dissenters listened to ORF , Radio Luxembourg, or Slobodná Európa , which played more rock.
Due to Czechoslovak isolation, the domestic market was active and many original bands evolved.
Soon, however, major labels brought pop music to Slovakia and drove many of the small companies out of business.
Jazz Peter Lipa is a well-known Slovak singer, composer and promoter of modern jazz.
Traditional Slovak cuisine is based mainly on pork meat, poultry , flour, potatoes, cabbage, and milk products.
The traditional Slovak meals are bryndzové halušky, bryndzové pirohy and other meals with potato dough and bryndza.
Bryndza is a salty cheese made of a sheep milk, characterized by a strong taste and aroma.
Sport activities are practiced widely in Slovakia, many of them on a professional level.
The most recent success is a silver medal from 2012 IIHF World Championship in Helsinki.
The country has 8280 registered players and is ranked 8th in the IIHF World Ranking at present.
Slovakia organized the 2011 IIHF World Championship in ice hockey in which the team of Finland won the gold medal.
It is a parliamentary republic and a member of the United Nations, European Union, and NATO.
Additionally, the Dinaric Alps and the Pannonian Plain meet on the territory of Slovenia.
It has been severely hurt by the Eurozone crisis, started in the late 2000s.
In the transition period between the Bronze age to the Iron age, the Urnfield culture flourished.
In the Iron Age, present-day Slovenia was inhabited by Illyrian and Celtic tribes until the 1st century BC.
A crucial battle between Theodosius I and Eugenius took place in the Vipava Valley in 394.
Other parts of present-day Slovenia were again ruled by Avars before Charlemagne's victory over them in 803.
Three decades later, the Carantanians were incorporated, together with the Bavarians, into the Carolingian Empire.
During the same period Carniola, too, came under the Franks, and was Christianised from Aquileia.
Carantania, being the most important, was elevated into the Duchy of Carinthia in 976.
In a parallel process, an intensive German colonisation significantly diminished the extent of Slovene-speaking areas.
By the 15th century, the Slovene ethnic territory was reduced to its present size.
This large dynasty, important at a European political level, had its seat in Slovene territory but died out in 1456.
Such uprisings, which often met with bloody defeats, continued throughout the 17th century.
The Slovene Lands were part of the Illyrian provinces, the Austrian Empire and Austria-Hungary.
The men were important as workers in the mining industry, because of some of the skills they brought from Slovenia.
The area of the United States with the highest concentration of Slovenian immigrants is Cleveland, Ohio.
Hundreds of thousands of Slovene conscripts were drafted into the Austro-Hungarian Army, and over 30,000 of them died.
Hundreds of thousands of Slovenes from Gorizia and Gradisca were resettled in refugee camps in Italy and Austria.
Following a plebiscite in October 1920, the Slovene-speaking southern Carinthia was ceded to Austria.
The Treaty of Rapallo of 1920 left approximately 327,000 out of the total population of 1.3 million Slovenes in Italy.
After the fascists took over the power in Italy, they were subjected to a policy of violent Fascist Italianization.
The axis forces invaded Yugoslavia in April 1941 and defeated the country in a few weeks.
Around 30,000 to 40,000 Slovene men were drafted to the German Army and sent to Eastern front.
The Slovene language was banned from education, and its use in the public life was limited to the absolute minimum.
Slovenia joined the federation as a constituent republic, led by its own pro-Communist leadership.
The small Jewish community, mostly settled in the Prekmurje region, perished in 1944 in the holocaust of Hungarian Jews.
Following the re-establishment of Yugoslavia during World War II, Slovenia became part of Federal Yugoslavia.
In 1956, Josip Broz Tito, together with other leaders, founded the Non-Aligned Movement.
In September 1989, numerous constitutional amendments were passed to introduce parliamentary democracy to Slovenia.
On 23 December 1990, more than 88% of the electorate voted for a sovereign and independent Slovenia.
On 25 June 1991, Slovenia became independent through the passage of appropriate legal documents.
In the end of the month, the last soldiers of the Yugoslav Army left Slovenia.
In December 1991, a new constitution was adopted, followed in 1992 by the laws on denationalisation and privatization.
Slovenia subsequently succeeded in meeting the Maastricht criteria and joined the Eurozone on 1 January 2007.
Slovenia is situated in Central and Southeastern Europe touching the Alps and bordering the Mediterranean.
This makes Slovenia the third most forested country in Europe, after Finland and Sweden.
The areas are covered mostly by beech, fir-beech and beech-oak forests and have a relatively high production capacity.
Remnants of primeval forests are still to be found, the largest in the Kočevje area.
Many parts of Slovenia have a carbonate ground, and an extensive subterranean system has developed.
These are the Alpine, the Mediterranean, the Dinaric, and the Pannonian landscapes.
The climate is also influenced by the variety of relief, and the influence of the Alps and the Adriatic Sea.
In the Northeast, the continental climate type with greatest difference between winter and summer temperatures prevails.
There is a strong interaction between these three climatic systems across most of the country.
Snow is quite frequent in winter and the record snow cover in Ljubljana was recorded in 1952 at .
Compared to Western Europe, Slovenia is not very windy, because it lies in the slipstream of the Alps.
Besides these, there are three winds of particular regional importance: the bora, the jugo, and the foehn.
Generally present in Slovenia are the northeast wind, the southeast wind and the north wind.
The territory of Slovenia mainly belongs to the Black Sea basin, and a smaller part belongs to the Adriatic Sea basin.
In comparison with developed countries, water quality in Slovenia is considered to be among the highest in Europe.
One of the reasons is undoubtedly that most of the rivers rise on the mountainous territory of Slovenia.
Despite this, because of pollution and environmental degradation, diversity has been in decline.
The country contains 24,000 animal species, accounting for 1% of the world's organisms despite its small size .
Trapping these animals is a long tradition and is a part of the Slovenian national identity.
Some important carnivores include the Eurasian lynx , European wild cats, foxes , and European jackal.
There are also hedgehogs, martens, and snakes such as vipers and grass snakes.
According to recent estimates, Slovenia also has up to 50 wolves and about 450 brown bears.
Slovenia is home to an exceptionally diverse number of cave species, with a few tens of endemic species.
Among the cave vertebrates, the only known is the olm, living in Karst and White Carniola.
The only regular species of cetaceans found in the northern Adriatic sea is the bottlenose dolphin .
Other birds include both black and green woodpeckers and the white stork, which nests mainly in Prekmurje.
Among these are the Karst Shepherd, the Carniolan honeybee, and the Lipizzan horse.
Slovenia is the third most forested country in Europe, with 58.5% of the territory covered by forests.
In the interior of the country are typical Central European forests, predominantly oak and beech.
Pine trees also grow on the Karst Plateau, although only one third of the region is now covered by pine forest.
At least 13% of the population were immigrants from other parts of Former Yugoslavia and their descendants.
Relatively small but protected by the Constitution of Slovenia are the Hungarian and the Italian ethnic minority.
Almost all Slovenian inhabitants older than 64 are retired, with no significant difference between the genders.
Nonetheless, from 2000 until 2010, the rate has decreased by about 30%.
Depending on definition, between 65% and 79% of people live in wider urban areas.
According to this definition statistical regions are classified: The only large town is the capital, Ljubljana.
The official language in Slovenia is Slovene, which is a member of the South Slavic language group.
In 2002, around 0.2% of the Slovenian population spoke Italian and around 0.4% spoke Hungarian as their native language.
Romani, spoken in 2002 as the native language by 0.2% of people, is a legally protected language in Slovenia.
A significant number of people in Slovenia speak a variant of Serbo-Croatian as their native language.
Regarding the knowledge of foreign languages, Slovenia is ranked among the top European countries.
The most taught foreign languages are English, German, Italian, French and Spanish.
According to the Eurobarometer survey, the majority of Slovenes could speak Croatian and English .
Italian is widely spoken on the Slovenian Coast and in some other areas of the Slovene Littoral.
In 1991, 71.6% were self-declared Catholics which means a drop of more than 1% annually.
Besides these two Christian denominations, a small Jewish community has also been historically present.
According to the 2002 census, Islam is the second largest religious denomination with around 2.4% of the population.
After Slovenia joined the EU in 2004, yearly immigrants doubled by 2006 and increased by half again by 2009.
In 2007, Slovenia had one of the fastest growing net migration rates in the European Union.
After non-compulsory pre-school education, children enter the nine-year primary school at the age of six.
The latter concludes with matura, the final exam that allows the graduates to enter a university.
In addition, there is a private University of Nova Gorica and an international EMUNI University.
The Idrija Mercury mining site is of world importance, as are the prehistoric pile dwellings in the Ljubljana Marshes.
Near Postojna there is an interesting fortress called the Predjama Castle, half hidden in a cave.
Museums in Ljubljana and elsewhere feature unique items such as the Divje Babe Flute and the oldest wheel in the world.
Slovenian cuisine is a mixture of the Central European cuisine , the Mediterranean cuisine and the Balkan cuisine.
Historically, Slovenian cuisine was divided into town, farmhouse, cottage, castle, parsonage and monastic cuisine.
Due to the variety of Slovenian cultural and natural landscapes, there are more than 40 distinct regional cuisines.
In the 1930s in Ljubljana was founded a Mary Wigman modern dance school by her student Meta Vidmar.
Slovene screenwriters, who are not film directors, include Saša Vuga and Miha Mazzini.
Women film directors include Polona Sepe, Hanna A. W. Slak, and Maja Weiss.
History of Slovene literature began in the 16th century with Primož Trubar and other Protestant Reformers.
Poetry in the Slovene language achieved its highest level with the Romantic poet France Prešeren .
Postmodernist authors include Boris A. Novak, Marko Kravos, Drago Jančar, Evald Flisar, Tomaž Šalamun, and Brina Svit.
Among the post-1990 authors best known are Aleš Debeljak, Miha Mazzini, and Alojz Ihan.
There are several literary magazines that publish Slovene prose, poetry, essays, and local literary criticism.
During the medieval era, secular music was as popular as church music, including wandering minnesingers.
By the time of Protestant Reformation in the 16th century, music was used to proselytize.
Modern composers include Uroš Rojko, Tomaž Svete, Brina Jež-Brezavšček, Božidar Kantušer and Aldo Kumar.
The Slovene National Opera and Ballet Theatre serves as the national opera and ballet house.
Slovenian folk songs, thus, usually resounds soft and harmonious, and are very seldom in minor.
The band produced nearly 1000 original compositions, an integral part of the Slovenian-style polka legacy.
Many musicians followed Avsenik's steps, one of the most famous being Lojze Slak.
The 1970s Bratko Bibič's band Begnagrad is considered one of the direct influences on modern world music.
Bibič's unique accordion style, often solo, with no accompaniment, has also made him a solo star.
Theater has a rich tradition in Slovenia, starting with the 1867 first ever Slovene-language drama performance.
Modern architecture in Slovenia was introduced by Max Fabiani, and in the mid-war period, Jože Plečnik and Ivan Vurnik.
Next generation is mainly still active Marko Mušič, Vojteh Ravnikar, Jurij Kobe and groups of younger architects.
After the WW II, both the comics and animated advertisements drawn by Miki Muster gained popularity in Slovenia.
A number of conceptual visual art groups formed, including OHO, Group 69, and IRWIN.
An industrial design item that has changed the international ski industry is Elan SCX by Elan company.
Younger sculptors, for example Janez Boljka, Drago Tršar and particularly Slavko Tihec, moved towards abstract forms.
In 1917 Hinko Smrekar illustrated Fran Levstik's book about the famous Slovene folk hero, Martin Krpan.
Gojmir Anton Kos was a notable realist painter and photographer between First World War and WW II.
The first photographer from Slovenia whose work was published by National Geographic magazine is Arne Hodalič.
Boxing has gained popularity since Dejan Zavec won the IBF Welterweight World Champion title in 2009.
Notable Slovenian basketball players include Goran Dragić, Jure Zdovc, Peter Vilfan, Ivo Daneu and Boris Kristančič.

 Sofia Coppola Sofia Carmina Coppola is an American screenwriter, director, producer and actress.
The campaign involved photographs of her shot by photographer Jürgen Teller in his signature over-exposed style.
In 2010, Kathryn Bigelow became the fourth woman to be nominated, and the first to win the award.
Coppola, however, remains the youngest woman to be nominated in the Best Director category.
The first family to achieve this feat was the Huston family: Walter, John, and Anjelica.
In 1999, Coppola married director Spike Jonze, whom she had first met in 1992, and they divorced in 2003.
A second daughter, Cosima, was born to Coppola and Mars in New York City in May 2010.
Vassilieva played the daughter of Arquette's character for seven seasons, until the series' finale on January 21, 2011.
In the same year, she became an honorary ambassador for Stand Up to Cancer.
For her performance as Kate, Vassilieva won a Young Artist Award for Best Supporting Actress in a Feature Film in 2010.
She has also completed a Linguistics major with honors, and a special concentration in Business Management.
After the series ended, Frye continued her career in guest spots on television and supporting roles in films.
In 1998, Frye married producer Jason Goldberg, with whom she has three children.
She has since opened an organic specialty clothing shop for children, The Little Seed, in Los Angeles.
She also hosts a blog and web series which focus on child rearing and women's issues.
Her father is actor Virgil Frye, and her mother is talent agent and caterer Sondra Peluce .
She has two half-brothers, Sean Frye and Meeno Peluce, both former child actors.
Frye was educated at a private school in Los Feliz and attended San Fernando Valley Professional School in Burbank.
The series, which was conceived by NBC's then-head of programming Brandon Tartikoff, premiered in September 1984.
The series was quickly picked up by Columbia Pictures Television and began airing in first-run syndication.
Based on the board game of the same name, Frye shared hosting duties with Sarah Michelle Gellar and Rod Brogan.
The documentary chronicles a two-week trip Frye took with her father, Virgil, who had Alzheimer's disease.
On October 25, 1998, Frye married television producer Jason Goldberg in a Jewish ceremony .
Frye and Goldberg have three children: daughters Poet Sienna Rose and Jagger Joseph Blue , and son Lyric Sonny Roads . 
 Somalia Somalia , officially the Federal Republic of Somalia , is a country located in the Horn of Africa.
Around 85% of its residents are ethnic Somalis, who have historically inhabited the northern part of the country.
The official languages of Somalia are Somali and Arabic, both of which belong to the Afroasiatic family.
Northern Somalia would remain a protectorate, while southern Somalia became a United Nations Trusteeship in 1949.
In 1960, the two regions united to form the independent Somali Republic under a civilian government.
Various armed factions began competing for influence in the power vacuum, particularly in the south.
A few autonomous regions, including the Somaliland, Puntland, and Galmudug administrations, emerged in the north.
By mid-2012, the insurgents had lost most of the territory that they had seized.
By 2014, the nation had been dislodged atop the FSI, dropping to second place.
The nation has concurrently experienced a period of intense reconstruction, particularly in the capital, Mogadishu.
The rock art is in the distinctive Ethiopian-Arabian style, dated to 1,000 to 3,000 BCE.
Each painting has an inscription below it, which collectively have been estimated to be around 2,500 years old.
The camel is believed to have been domesticated in the Horn somewhere between the 3rd and 2nd millennium BCE.
Islam was introduced to the area early on from the Arabian peninsula, shortly after the hijra.
Zeila's two-mihrab Masjid al-Qiblatayn dates to the 7th century, and is the oldest mosque in the city.
In the late 9th century, Al-Yaqubi wrote that Muslims were living along the northern Somali seaboard.
At its height, the Adal kingdom controlled large parts of modern-day Somalia, Ethiopia, Djibouti, and Eritrea.
Adal's headquarters were again relocated the following century, this time southward to Harar.
In the early modern period, successor states of the Adal, Ajuran and Hiraab Imamate,Hiraab began to flourish in Somalia.
Sultan Yusuf Mahamud Ibrahim, the third Sultan of the House of Gobroon, started the golden age of the Gobroon Dynasty.
In addition, he gave a clarion call for Somali unity and independence, in the process organizing his forces.
He repulsed the British in four expeditions and had relations with the Central Powers of the Ottomans and the Germans.
Italy had access to these areas under the successive protection treaties, but not direct rule.
Fascist Italy, under Benito Mussolini, attacked Abyssinia in 1935, with an aim to colonize it.
The invasion was condemned by the League of Nations, but little was done to stop it or to liberate occupied Ethiopia.
By February, most of Italian Somaliland was captured and in March, British Somaliland was retaken from the sea.
The number of Italian Somalis began to decline after World War II, with fewer than 10,000 remaining in 1960.
Following World War II, Britain retained control of both British Somaliland and Italian Somaliland as protectorates.
These were advantages that British Somaliland, which was to be incorporated into the new Somali state, did not have.
This prompted an unsuccessful bid by Britain in 1956 to buy back the Somali lands it had turned over.
In 1967, Muhammad Haji Ibrahim Egal became Prime Minister, a position to which he was appointed by Shermarke.
The putsch was spearheaded by Major General Mohamed Siad Barre, who at the time commanded the army.
This shift in support by the Soviet Union motivated the Barre government to seek allies elsewhere.
A new constitution was promulgated in 1979 under which elections for a People's Assembly were held.
In October 1980, the SRSP was disbanded, and the Supreme Revolutionary Council was re-established in its place.
The price of khat, imported daily from Kenya, was also five U.S. dollars per standard bunch.
Paper currency notes were of such low value that several bundles were needed to pay for simple restaurant meals.
A thriving black market existed in the centre of the city as banks experienced shortages of local currency for exchange.
During the day in Mogadishu, the appearance of any government military force was extremely rare.
However, he was not able to exert his authority beyond parts of the capital.
Due to Somalia's proximity to the equator, there is not much seasonal variation in its climate.
In the northeast, annual rainfall is less than ; in the central plateaus, it is about .
Although the coastal regions are hot and humid throughout the year, the hinterland is typically dry and hot.
The government was headed by the President of Somalia, to whom the cabinet reported through the Prime Minister.
However, it was also used as a general term to refer to all three branches collectively.
The government then relocated to Villa Somalia in the capital from its interim location in Baidoa.
On 14 October 2010, diplomat Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed was appointed the new Prime Minister of Somalia.
As had been expected, the allotted ministerial positions were significantly reduced in numbers from 39 to 18.
The remaining ministerial positions were largely assigned to technocrats new to the Somali political arena.
In addition, high level federal delegations were dispatched to defuse clan-related tensions in several regions.
In addition, a full audit of government property and vehicles is being put into place.
On the war front, the new government and its AMISOM allies also managed to secure control of Mogadishu by August 2011.
On 19 June 2011, Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed resigned from his position as Prime Minister of Somalia.
On 10 September 2012, parliament elected Hassan Sheikh Mohamud as the new President of Somalia.
On 17 December 2014, former Premier Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke was reappointed Prime Minister.
The Judiciary of Somalia is defined by the Provisional Constitution of the Federal Republic of Somalia.
It provides the legal foundation for the existence of the Federal Republic and source of legal authority.
If endorsed, the President appoints the candidate as a judge of the Constitutional Court.
There are likewise various foreign embassies and consulates based in the capital Mogadishu and elsewhere in the country.
Somalia is also a member of many international organizations, such as the United Nations, African Union and Arab League.
The socialist government of former President of Somalia Siad Barre had put an end to private medical practice in 1972.
Midwifery education programs on average last from 12 to 18 months, and operate on a sequential basis.
Midwifery is regulated by the government, and a license is required to practice professionally.
This is attributed to the Muslim nature of Somali society and adherence of Somalis to Islamic morals.
To address these concerns, educational policies are being developed which are aimed at guiding the scholastic process.
In Puntland, higher education is provided by the Puntland State University and East Africa University.
They provide Islamic education for children, thereby filling a clear religious and social role in the country.
A study from 1993 found, among other things, that about 40% of pupils in Qur'anic schools were girls.
The gender ratio is roughly balanced, with proportionally about as many men as women.
As of 2008, 37.7% of the nation's population live in towns and cities, with the percentage rapidly increasing.
The Somali language is the mother tongue of the Somali people, the nation's most populous ethnic group.
Somali is the best documented of the Cushitic languages, with academic studies of it dating from before 1900.
Maay is principally spoken by the Digil and Mirifle clans in the southern areas of Somalia.
A number of writing systems have been used over the years for transcribing the Somali language.
In addition to Somali, Arabic, which is also an Afro-Asiatic tongue, is an official national language in Somalia.
According to the Pew Research Center, 99.8% of Somalia's population is Muslim.
The majority belong to the Sunni branch of Islam and the Shafi'i school of Islamic jurisprudence.
It also stipulates that no law that is inconsistent with the basic tenets of Shari'a can be enacted.
Islam may thus have been introduced into Somalia well before the faith even took root in its place of origin.
According to the Pew Research Center, less than 0.1% of Somalia's population in 2010 were adherents of folk religions.
In the case of the Bantu, these religious traditions were inherited from their ancestors in Southeast Africa.
The cuisine of Somalia varies from region to region and consists of an exotic mixture of diverse culinary influences.
Despite the variety, there remains one thing that unites the various regional cuisines: all food is served halal.
Spices like cumin, cardamom, cloves, cinnamon and garden sage are used to aromatize these different rice dishes.
During Ramadan, supper is often presented after Tarawih prayers; sometimes up to 11 pm.
It is made from corn starch, sugar, cardamom powder, nutmeg powder and ghee.
That is, they only use five pitches per octave in contrast to a heptatonic scale like the major scale.
Somali scholars have for centuries produced many notable examples of Islamic literature ranging from poetry to Hadith.
It later participated in the Bandy World Championship 2014 in Irkutsk and Shelekhov in Russia.
The Somali Olympic Committee has devised a special support program to ensure continued success in future tournaments.
Additionally, Mohamed Jama has won both world and European titles in K-1 and Thai Boxing.
There are also examples of courtyards and large stone walls enclosing settlements, such as the Wargaade Wall.
Her Jain parents, Bhadresh and Mrudula Shah, moved from Mumbai, Maharashtra, India to the United States in 1970.
Shah moved to Los Angeles in 2006 and began appearing in commercials and sketch comedy.
The case is used in some modern law school contracts textbooks to illustrate the legal concept of good faith.
As had been the case with the previous lawsuit, this ended in an out-of-court settlement, in 1999.
Locke is a breast cancer survivor, having undergone a double mastectomy and chemotherapy in 1990.
 Sonia Karlov Sonia Karlov was an American dancer, stage, and motion picture actress from Syracuse, New York.
Then Karlov was in an auto accident and lay in a hospital bed, disabled physically for six weeks.
Another version of how Jeanne became Sonia is that she began dating a press agent who came up with the entire deception.
Newspaper reporters flocked to her side for interviews and the daily papers were replete with stories about her.
The following morning she entered the office of Cecil B. Demille and confessed to him her ruse.
Karlov pleaded with him to give her a trial and not tear up her contract.
Demille replied that she had been deceptive enough to trick him, his staff, and all of Hollywood.
He said that if she was just as proficient as an actress, she could appear in his motion pictures.
Charles R. Rogers, formerly an executive of RKO – Pathe Pictures, signed her to a term contract in July 1932.
She found herself at a disadvantage in sound motion pictures because of her pronounced Russian accent.
She had learned it too proficiently and was forced to return to Broadway , for work.
The play came to the Ritz Theater in New York after a successful run in western American cities.
Karlov's character was a chorus girl in this production that co-starred Enid Markey and Edna Hibbard.
Karlov turned to writing film scenarios, of which she had produced six by December 1934.
Her sister, Jane, held a position at the Park Central Hotel in New York City in the 1930s.

She was a three-time Olympic Champion in Ladies' Singles, a ten-time World Champion and a six-time European Champion .
At the height of her acting career she was one of the highest paid stars in Hollywood.
In addition to the income from the fur business, both of Henie's parents had inherited wealth.
Henie initially showed talent at skiing, and then followed her older brother Leif to take up figure skating.
As a girl, Henie was also a nationally ranked tennis player and a skilled swimmer and equestrienne.
Henie won her first major competition, the senior Norwegian championships, at the age of 10.
She then placed eighth in a field of eight at the 1924 Winter Olympics, at the age of eleven.
Henie went on to win first of her three Olympic gold medals the following year.
She defended her Olympic titles in 1932 and in 1936, and her world titles annually until 1936.
During her competitive career, Henie traveled widely and worked with a variety of foreign coaches.
At home in Oslo, she trained at Frogner Stadium, where her coaches included Hjordis Olsen and Oscar Holte.
During the latter part of her competitive career she was coached primarily by the American Howard Nicholson in London.
At the time, figure skating and ice shows were not yet an established form of entertainment in the United States.
At the height of her fame, her shows and touring activities brought Henie as much as $2 million per year.
These activities made her one of the wealthiest women in the world in her time.
At the time of her death, Henie was planning a comeback for a television special that would have aired in January 1970.
As a result, none of Henie's properties in Norway were confiscated or damaged by the Germans.
After the war, Henie was mindful that many of her countrymen considered her to be a quisling.
However, she made a triumphant return to Norway with the Holiday on Ice tour in 1953 and 1955.
She died of the disease at age 57 in 1969 during a flight from Paris to Oslo.
 Sono Osato Sono Osato is an American dancer and actress of Japanese and European descent.
Teru, her younger sister, married a U.S. naval officer and started a family in Norfolk, Virginia.
Osato was married for over sixty years to real estate developer Victor Elmaleh; he died in 2014.
She majored in Theatre and Dance at University of California, Davis and received her B.A.
 Soon Hee Newbold Soon Hee Newbold is an award winning American composer, conductor, musician, and actress.
Newbold was born in Seoul, South Korea, and adopted by the Newbold family.
She grew up in Frederick, Maryland, with two sisters and began playing piano at age five and violin at age seven.
Newbold attended Frederick High School where her interests included science, languages, and drama.
Upon graduation, Newbold worked in entertainment for Walt Disney World and performed in various symphonies in Florida.
She works in film, television, and commercial projects as a producer, actress, composer, and musician.
 Sophie Tucker Sophie Tucker was a Ukrainian-born American singer, comedian, actress, and radio personality.
Tucker was born Sonya Kalish to a Jewish family en route to America from Tulchyn, Vinnytsia Region, Russian Empire.
The family appropriated the last name Abuza, settled in Hartford, Connecticut, and opened a restaurant.
At a young age, she began singing at her parents' restaurant for tips.
She sent most of this money back home to Connecticut to support her son and family.
In 1907, Tucker made her first theatre appearance, singing at an amateur night in a vaudeville establishment.
I'm a Jewish girl and I just learned this Southern accent doing a blackface act for two years.
In 1909, at the age of 22, Tucker performed with the Ziegfeld Follies.
Though a hit, the other female stars refused to share the spotlight with Tucker and they were forced to let her go.
This song would later lend its name to the title of Tucker's 1945 biography.
During the Hitler regime, the song was banned by the German government for evoking Jewish culture.
It sold over one million copies, and was awarded a gold disc by the RIAA.
During this time, Tucker began to look to film and radio as possible extensions of her career.
During the 1930s, Tucker brought elements of nostalgia for the early years of 20th century into her show.
In 1938, Sophie Tucker was elected president of the American Federation of Actors, an early actors' trade union.
In 1939, the union was disbanded by the American Federation of Labor for financial mismanagement.
The AFL later issued a charter for the succeeding American Guild of Variety Artists, which remains active.
In 1962, she performed in the Royal Variety Performance, which was also broadcast on the BBC.
Sophie Tucker died of a lung ailment and kidney failure on February 9, 1966, in New York at age 79.
Tucker had continued working until the months before her death, playing shows at the Latin Quarter just weeks before.
Sophie Tucker was married three times, each marriage lasting no longer than five years.
Her first marriage was to Louis Tuck, a local beer cart driver, with whom she eloped in 1903.
Tucker's second and third marriages were to Frank Westphal , her accompanist, and Al Lackey , her manager.
Sophie made her first recordings in 1910, and Clarice made her final records in 1909.
At the time that Clarice Vance was using the narrative style it was unique to her among women entertainers.

 Sosie Bacon Sosie Ruth Bacon is an American actress and the daughter of actors Kevin Bacon and Kyra Sedgwick.
Sosie Bacon was born on March 15, 1992 to parents Kevin Bacon and Kyra Sedgwick.
Her mother credited this as leading to a closer bond between Bacon and her father.
Her brother, Travis Bacon, was cast in a smaller role in the film.
However, Bacon's mother was opposed to the idea, insistent on her not getting involved with acting.
 South Africa South Africa, officially the Republic of South Africa, is the southernmost country in Africa.
South Africa is a multiethnic society encompassing a wide variety of cultures, languages, and religions.
The remaining population consists of Africa's largest communities of European , Asian , and multiracial ancestry.
In terms of purchasing power parity, South Africa has the seventh-highest per capita income in Africa.
Since 1994 the Republic has had an official name in each of its 11 official languages.
South Africa contains some of the oldest archaeological and human fossil sites in the world.
The area is a UNESCO World Heritage site and has been termed the Cradle of Humankind.
The sites include Sterkfontein, which is one of the richest hominin fossil sites in the world.
The first hominin fossil discovered in Africa, the Taung Child was found near Taung in 1924.
They displaced, conquered and absorbed the original Khoisan speakers, the Khoikhoi and San peoples.
In 1487, the Portuguese explorer Bartolomeu Dias led the first European voyage to land in southern Africa.
This was south of the furthest point reached in 1485 by his predecessor, the Portuguese navigator Diogo Cão .
The sailors were able to survive by obtaining fresh water and meat from the natives.
The Dutch transported slaves from Indonesia, Madagascar, and India as labour for the colonists in Cape Town.
As they expanded east, the Dutch settlers met the southwesterly migrating Xhosa people in the region of the Fish River.
A series of wars, called the Cape Frontier Wars, were fought over conflicting land and livestock interests.
During the 1820s both the Boers and the British 1820 Settlers claimed land in the north and east of the country.
Conflicts arose among the Xhosa, Zulu, Sotho and Boer groups who competed to expand their territories.
Shaka's warfare led indirectly to the Mfecane that devastated and depopulated the inland plateau in the early 1820s.
The Boers founded the Boer Republics: the South African Republic and the Orange Free State .
The Anglo-Zulu War was fought in 1879 between the British Empire and the Zulu Kingdom.
Eventually though the war was lost resulting in the end of the Zulu nation's independence.
The Nationalist Government classified all peoples into three races and developed rights and limitations for each.
Despite opposition both within and outside the country, the government legislated for a continuation of apartheid.
It released Nelson Mandela from prison after twenty-seven years' serving a sentence for sabotage.
South Africa held its first universal elections in 1994, which the ANC won by an overwhelming majority.
In post-apartheid South Africa, unemployment has been extremely high as the country has struggled with many changes.
The uncertainty about the government's ability to sustain funding levels in the sector is also a concern.
It also was South Africa's first municipality to put free basic water for the poor into practice.
South Africa is a nation of about 52 million people of diverse origins, cultures, languages, and religions.
South Africa is home to an estimated 5 million illegal immigrants, including some 3 million Zimbabweans.
Statistics South Africa asks people to describe themselves in the census in terms of five racial population groups.
Nadine Gordimer became the first South African to be awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1991.
The plays of Athol Fugard have been regularly premiered in fringe theatres in South Africa, London and New York.
The South African media sector is large, and South Africa is one of Africa's major media centres.
Afrikaans music covers multiple genres, such as the contemporary Steve Hofmeyr and the punk rock band Fokofpolisiekar.
Other sports with significant support are swimming, athletics, golf, boxing, tennis and netball.
Durban Surfer Jordy Smith won the 2010 Billabong J-Bay competition making him the no 1 ranked surfer in the world.
Famous current cricket players include AB de Villiers, Hashim Amla, Dale Steyn, Vernon Philander, Faf du Plessis etc.
South Africa hosted and won the 1995 Rugby World Cup and won the 2007 Rugby World Cup in France.
In 2012 Oscar Pistorius became the first double amputee sprinter to compete at the Olympic Games in London.
The three dominant hospital groups, Mediclinic, Life Healthcare and Netcare, together control 75% of the market.
In 2007, in response to international pressure, the government made efforts to fight AIDS.
It is planned that the capital city will be changed to the more centrally located Ramciel in the future.
Following the First Sudanese Civil War, the Southern Sudan Autonomous Region was formed in 1972 and lasted until 1983.
A second Sudanese civil war soon developed and ended with the Comprehensive Peace Agreement of 2005.
Later that year, southern autonomy was restored when an Autonomous Government of Southern Sudan was formed.
South Sudan became an independent state on 9 July 2011, following a referendum that passed with 98.83% of the vote.
The Azande are the third-largest ethnic group in South Sudan while the Bari are fourth-largest.
In the 19th century, the Azande fought the French, the Belgians and the Mahdists to maintain their independence.
The constitution also provides for an independent judiciary, the highest organ being the Supreme Court.
The proposal was supported by the Lakes state government and at least one Ramciel tribal chief.
It declared that Southern Sudan would eventually maintain land, air, and riverine forces.
South Sudan has the Highest Military Spending as % of GDP in the World Media.
The Committee to Protect Journalists had voiced concerns over media freedoms in South Sudan in September.
Egypt, Sudan, Germany and Kenya were first to recognise the country's independence on 8 July 2011.
As of early October, South Sudan is said to officially become a member in the future.
South Sudan has of single-track gauge railway line from the Sudanese border to Wau terminus.
Juba Airport was also the home base of Feeder Airlines Company and Southern Star Airlines.
Several smaller airports exist throughout South Sudan, the majority consisting of little more than dirt runways.
South Sudan is acknowledged to have some of the worst health indicators in the world.
The epidemiology of HIV/AIDS in the South Sudan is poorly documented but the prevalence is believed around 3.1%.
At the time of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement of 2005, humanitarian needs in Southern Sudan were massive.
Along with France and Morocco, it is one of only three countries to have both Atlantic and Mediterranean coastlines.
Extending to , the Portugal-Spain border is the longest uninterrupted border within the European Union.
By population, Spain is the sixth largest in Europe and the fifth in the European Union.
In the Middle Ages, the area was conquered by Germanic tribes and later by the Moors.
Spain is a democracy organised in the form of a parliamentary government under a constitutional monarchy.
This man was a Grecian by birth, but who had been given a kingdom in Spain.
He became related by marriage to Espan, the nephew of king Heracles, who also ruled over a kingdom in Spain.
Based upon their testimonies, this eponym would have already been in use in Spain by c. 350 BCE.
Iberia enters written records as a land populated largely by the Iberians, Basques and Celts.
After an arduous conquest, the peninsula came under the rule of the Roman Empire.
In a process that took centuries, the small Christian kingdoms in the north gradually regained control of the peninsula.
Archaeological research at Atapuerca indicates the Iberian Peninsula was populated by hominids 1.2 million years ago.
In Atapuerca fossils have been found of the earliest known hominins in Europe, the Homo antecessor.
Modern humans first arrived in Iberia, from the north on foot, about 35,000 years ago.
The largest groups inhabiting the Iberian Peninsula before the Roman conquest were the Iberians and the Celts.
The Iberians inhabited the Mediterranean side of the peninsula, from the northeast to the southeast.
The Celts inhabited much of the inner and Atlantic sides of the peninsula, from the northwest to the southwest.
A number of trading settlements of Phoenicians, Greeks and Carthaginians developed on the Mediterranean coast.
Agricultural production increased with the introduction of irrigation projects, some of which remain in use.
Emperors Hadrian, Trajan, Theodosius I, and the philosopher Seneca were born in Hispania.
Most of Spain's present languages and religion, and the basis of its laws, originate from this period.
Isidore of Seville, archbishop of Seville, was an influential philosopher and very studied in the Middle Ages in Europe.
Also his theories were vital to the conversion of the Visigothic Kingdom to a Catholic one, in the Councils of Toledo.
Only a small area in the mountainous north-west of the peninsula managed to resist the initial invasion.
The Muslim community in the Iberian Peninsula was itself diverse and beset by social tensions.
This re-united Islamic state experienced more than a century of successes that partially reversed Christian gains.
The Kingdom of Castile, formed from Leonese territory, was its successor as strongest kingdom.
He worked for being elected emperor of the Holy Roman Empire and published the Siete Partidas code.
Basque, the only non-Romance language in Spain, continued evolving from Early Basque to Medieval.
The year 1492 also marked the arrival of Christopher Columbus in the New World, during a voyage funded by Isabella.
With their wide-ranging political, legal, religious and military reforms, Spain emerged as the first world power.
It reached its apogee during the reigns of the first two Spanish Habsburgs—Charles I and Philip II .
It was the first empire on which it was said that the sun never set.
The cultural efflorescence witnessed during this period is now referred to as the Spanish Golden Age.
The Protestant Reformation dragged the kingdom ever more deeply into the mire of religiously charged wars.
The result was a country forced into ever expanding military efforts across Europe and in the Mediterranean.
During this war, a new dynasty originating in France, the Bourbons, was installed.
The 18th century saw a gradual recovery and an increase in prosperity through much of the empire.
The new Bourbon monarchy drew on the French system of modernising the administration and the economy.
Enlightenment ideas began to gain ground among some of the kingdom's elite and monarchy.
In 1793, Spain went to war against the revolutionary new French Republic as a member of the first Coalition.
Napoleon's troops entered the country to invade Portugal but instead occupied Spain's major fortresses.
Joseph Bonaparte was seen as a puppet monarch and was regarded with scorn by the Spanish.
The 2 May 1808 revolt was one of many nationalist uprisings across the country against the Bonapartist regime.
These revolts marked the beginning of a devastating war of independence against the Napoleonic regime.
Napoleon was forced to intervene personally, defeating several Spanish armies and forcing a British army to retreat.
These events foreshadowed the conflict between conservatives and liberals in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
By the end of 1826, the only American colonies Spain held were Cuba and Puerto Rico.
In the 1830s and 1840s Anti-liberal forces known as Carlists fought against liberals in the Carlist Wars.
The heavy losses suffered during the Rif War in Morocco brought discredit to the government and undermined the monarchy.
In the worsening economic situation of the Great Depression, Spanish politics became increasingly chaotic and violent.
The civil war was viciously fought and there were many atrocities committed by all sides.
The state as established under Franco was nominally neutral in the Second World War, although sympathetic to the Axis.
Given Franco's opposition to competing political parties, the party was renamed the National Movement in 1949.
After World War II Spain was politically and economically isolated, and was kept out of the United Nations.
That year the Spanish Socialist Workers Party came to power, the first left-wing government in 43 years.
In 1986 Spain joined the European Economic Community, which later became the European Union.
Though initial suspicions focused on the Basque group ETA, evidence soon emerged indicating Islamist involvement.
On 19 June 2014, the monarch, Juan Carlos, abdicated in favour of his son, who became Felipe VI.
At , Spain is the world's fifty-second largest country and Europe's fourth largest country.
Mount Teide is the highest mountain peak in Spain and is the third largest volcano in the world from its base.
On the northeast, along the Pyrenees mountain range, it borders France and the Principality of Andorra.
Along the Pyrenees in Girona, a small exclave town called Llívia is surrounded by France.
The highest point in Spain is the Teide, a active volcano in the Canary Islands.
Alluvial plains are found along the coast, the largest of which is that of the Guadalquivir in Andalusia.
More information regarding temperature can be found in city articles and the main article about the Spanish climate.
According to the Democracy Index of the EIU, Spain is one of the 24 full democracies in the world.
After a national referendum on 6 December 1978, 88% of voters approved of the new constitution.
However, in the legislative branch, as of July 2010 only 128 of the 350 members of the Congress were women .
It places Spain 13th on a list of countries ranked by proportion of women in the lower house.
In the Senate, the ratio is even lower, since there are only 79 women out of 263 .
The Gender Empowerment Measure of Spain in the United Nations Human Development Report is 0.794, 12th in the world.
Spain provides one of the highest degrees of liberty in the world for its LGBT community.
Spain claims Gibraltar, a Overseas Territory of the United Kingdom in the southernmost part of the Iberian Peninsula.
The overwhelming majority of Gibraltarians strongly oppose this, along with any proposal of shared sovereignty.
Another claim by Spain is about the Savage Islands, a claim not recognised by Portugal.
On 5 July 2013, Spain sent a letter to the UN expressing these views.
The island lies just off the coast of Morocco, from Ceuta and from mainland Spain.
With the government budget in balance and inflation under control Spain was admitted into the Eurozone in 1999.
In 2005 the Economist Intelligence Unit's quality of life survey placed Spain among the top 10 in the world.
They included the humid regions of the north and the northwest, as well as vast arid zones that had not been irrigated.
More than half of the irrigated area was planted in corn, fruit trees, and vegetables.
In 1983 they represented 12%, 12%, 8%, 6%, and 4%, respectively, of the country's agricultural production.
Increased attention to livestock was the reason that Spain became a net importer of grains.
Spain is one of the world's leading countries in the development and production of renewable energy.
In 2010 its wind turbines generated 42,976 GWh, which accounted for 16.4% of all electrical energy produced in Spain.
Non-renewable energy sources used in Spain are nuclear , gas, coal, and oil.
Fossil fuels together generated 58% of Spain's electricity in 2009, just below the OECD mean of 61%.
Nuclear power generated another 19%, and wind and hydro about 12% each.
Spain has the most extensive high-speed rail network in Europe, and the second-most extensive in the world after China.
The airport of Barcelona is also important, with 35 million passengers in 2011, being the world's 31st-busiest airport.
However, the large cities are all served by public companies except Barcelona and Valencia.
The largest public company is Canal de Isabel II, which serves the metropolitan area of Madrid.
With the exception of the region surrounding the capital, Madrid, the most populated areas lie around the coast.
The immigrants originate mainly in Latin America , North Africa , Eastern Europe , and Sub-Saharan Africa .
In 2008, Spain granted citizenship to 84,170 persons, mostly to people from Ecuador, Colombia and Morocco.
A sizeable portion of foreign residents in Spain also comes from other Western and Central European countries.
Spain has a number of descendants of populations from former colonies, especially Latin America and North Africa.
There are also sizeable numbers of Asian immigrants, most of whom are of Middle Eastern, South Asian and Chinese origin.
Other sizeable foreign communities are Colombian, Bolivian, German, Italian, Bulgarian, and Chinese.
There are more than 200,000 migrants from Sub-Saharan Africa living in Spain, principally Senegaleses and Nigerians.
In 2005 alone, a regularisation programme increased the legal immigrant population by 700,000 people.
The program had little effect; during its first two months, just 1,400 immigrants took up the offer.
In the North African Spanish autonomous city of Melilla, Riff Berber is spoken by a significant part of the population.
State education in Spain is free and compulsory from the age of six to sixteen.
The current education system was established by the 2006 educational law, LOE , or Fundamental Law for the Education.
Altogether, about 22% of the entire Spanish population attends religious services at least once per month.
The vast majority was composed of immigrants and descendants originating from Morocco and other African countries.
The recent waves of immigration have also led to an increasing number of Hindus, Buddhists, Sikhs and Muslims.
Their ranks have since been bolstered by recent immigration, especially from Morocco and Algeria.
Currently there are around 62,000 Jews in Spain, or 0.14% of the total population.
Most are arrivals in the past century, while some are descendants of earlier Spanish Jews.
Approximately 80,000 Jews are thought to have lived in Spain on the eve of the Spanish Inquisition.
Other writers from the period are: Francisco de Quevedo, Lope de Vega, Calderón de la Barca or Tirso de Molina.
The Spanish writers are: José Echegaray, Jacinto Benavente, Juan Ramón Jiménez, Vicente Aleixandre and Camilo José Cela.
Artists from Spain have been highly influential in the development of various European artistic movements.
Due to historical, geographical and generational diversity, Spanish art has known a great number of influences.
During the Golden Age we find painters such as El Greco, José de Ribera and Francisco Zurbarán.
Actresses as Sara Montiel or Penélope Cruz are among those who have become Hollywood stars.
Due to its historical and geographical diversity, Spanish architecture has drawn from a host of influences.
The arrival of Modernism in the academic arena produced much of the architecture of the 20th century.
Both festivals mark Spain as an international music presence and reflect the tastes of young people in the country.
Spanish cuisine consists of a great variety of dishes which stem from differences in geography, culture and climate.
Food is traditionally conserved by salting, like Spanish ham, or immersed in olive oil, like Manchego cheese.
The tourism industry has led to an improvement in sports infrastructure, especially for water sports, golf and skiing.
Public holidays celebrated in Spain include a mix of religious , national and regional observances.
On screen, the pair separated when Travis moved to college while Kylie was still in high school.
Williams-Crosby took up personal fitness at the age of 26, including bodybuilding and nutrition.
She is a PhD, third-degree blackbelt, a noted vegan, and has written a book and several articles on the subject.
She was a former MGM contract player who appeared in films from the 1930s to the 1960s.
After graduation, she moved back to Denver and began a practice with fellow graduate, Dr. Mary Ford.
Byington played in amateur shows in her school days and graduated from North High School in 1904.
Shortly afterward, at age 14, Byington became a professional actress with the Elitch Garden Stock Company.
When their mother died in 1907, Byington and Helene were legally adopted by their aunt Margaret Eddy.
Byington stated in an interview in 1949 that she had tried her hand at newspaper reporting.
In 1908, Byington joined a repertory company that was touring Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Upon returning to New York, Byington divided her time between working in Manhattan and staying with her daughters.
In 1954, the television company Desilu Productions produced a pilot of the show for a sitcom, also starring Byington.
In 1909, Spring Byington married Roy Chandler, the manager of the theater troupe she worked with in Buenos Aires.
They remained there until 1916, when Spring returned to New York to give birth to her first daughter, Phyllis Helene.
In the late 1930s, Byington was once again engaged to be married; this time to an Argentine industrialist.
Following an engagement of a couple of years and several months before they were to be married, he died unexpectedly.
On September 7, 1971, Byington died of rectal cancer at her home in the Hollywood Hills.
 Stacey Glick Stacey Glick is a former American child actress who was born December 29, 1971 in Brooklyn, New York.
She attended the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Arts and graduated from USC with a degree in film.
Her brother is actor and comedian Greg Travis and a distant relative of the Alamo hero William B. Travis. 

 Staci Keanan Staci Keanan is the stage name of Anastasia Sagorsky , an American actress.
Keanan was born in Devon, Pennsylvania , the daughter of Jacqueline and Irv Sagorsky, a car salesman.
She graduated from Southwestern Law School and currently practices law in the Los Angeles area.
Chan is of Chinese ancestry and attended Arcadia High School, located in Arcadia, California.
She started at the age of 12 years, continuing until her sophomore year in high school.
Stacie Chan plays Marta, asking Josh if he can see Jupiter with her Virtual Reality Helmet.

 Stacie Lynn Renna Stacie Lynn Renna is an American film, television, and stage actress.
Renna was born in 1973 and grew up in the Hillsborough, New Jersey section of Montgomery Township, New Jersey.
Renna has appeared in 42 professional theater productions, including Broadway and regional theater productions.
Edwards was born in Glasgow, Montana, the daughter of Patty and Preston Edwards, who was an Air Force officer.
Katherine Hitchcock, the chief engineer, and third in command of the high-tech submarine.
She is the subject of an online boycott petition for wearing a stuffed cat as a purse during the Daytime Emmy Awards.

 Stana Katic Stana Katic is a Canadian-American film and television actress of Croatian Serb descent.
I call us Dalmatian because that's the part of the planet that we are originally from.
Her father is from Vrlika, and her mother is from the surrounding area of Sinj.
She spent the following years moving back and forth between Canada and the United States.
At the third annual Shorty Awards held on 28 March 2011, she won the actress category.
In May 2011, she won the Most Glamourous Actress online ballot for the Monte-Carlo Television Festival.
On 28 January 2012, she was a presenter at the 64th Annual Directors Guild of America Awards ceremony.
Katic was nominated for the 39th People's Choice Awards in the Favorite Dramatic TV Actress category.
Stefanie Powers had an elder brother, Jeffrey Julian Paul , as well as a half-sister, Charlene Groman.
Powers was a cheerleader at Hollywood High School; one of her schoolmates was Nancy Sinatra.
The series lasted for only one season , airing from September 16, 1966 to April 11, 1967.
These shows were the ones that Powers appeared in, long after she signed a contract with Universal Studios in 1970.
On March 12, 2011, she received the Steiger Award for accomplishment in the arts.
Stefanie Powers has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6776 Hollywood Boulevard, presented in 1992.
She devotes a great deal of time to the cause and is an international guest speaker on wildlife preservation.
On April 1, 1993 she married Patrick Houitte de la Chesnais ; the couple divorced in 1999.
In 2005, she competed in the Joules United Kingdom National Women's Championships at Ascot.
She lived in Indialantic, Florida and attended Holy Trinity Episcopal Academy, before becoming home schooled in 2010.
In 2013 Scott was a guest star on the fifteenth season of ' as Clare Wilson.
She began acting at the age of four as a part of the Independent Yiddish Art Company of her parents.
She grew up acting alongside her parents, often playing roles of boys and girls.
In London, she met her first husband, Englishman Horace Eliashcheff; their brief marriage, however, ended in a divorce.
In 1934, Adler went to Paris with Harold Clurman and studied intensively with Stanislavski for five weeks.
Upon her return, she broke away from Strasberg on the fundamental aspects of Method acting.
As a result, her contributions to the theatrical culture have remained largely unknown, unrecognized, and unappreciated.
During that time, and for years after, she became a renowned acting teacher.
Adler met with Stanislavski again later in his career and questioned him on Strasberg's interpretation.
This approach is one for which one of her students, Robert De Niro, became famous.
She was finally married to physicist and novelist Mitchell A. Wilson, who died in 1973.
Sidney was married to her brother Luther at the time and provided Stella with a niece and nephew.
On December 21, 1992, Adler died from heart failure at the age of 91 in Los Angeles, California.
In 2004, The University of Texas at Austin's Harry Ransom Humanities Research Center acquired Adler's complete archive.
It includes correspondence, manuscripts, typescripts, video and audiotapes, photographs and other materials.
The acting schools Adler founded still operate today in New York City and Los Angeles.
A couple of years after marrying actor James Farentino, Stella Farentino began her own acting career.
She was married to James Farentino from August 3, 1994 until his death on January 24, 2012.
LeSaint started as an actress on the stage with the Florence Roberts company in San Francisco.
She then moved to the Selig Polyscope Company where she met and worked with her future husband, Edward LeSaint.
She married Edward LeSaint on December 25, 1913, and remained with him until his death on September 10, 1940. 

In 1960 she won a Golden Globe Award for New Star of the Year – Actress.
At the age of 18, she married electrician Noble Herman Stephens on December 1, 1954, probably in Memphis.
They had one child, Herman Andrew Stephens, who would later be known as actor/producer Andrew Stevens.
In the early 1970s she began working regularly in television series, miniseries, and movies.
She also opened an art gallery and bakery in the nearby small town of Twisp, Washington.
In 1983 Stevens began a long-term relationship with rock guitarist Bob Kulick; they share Stevens' Beverly Hills home.
In 2005 Stevens was awarded the Reel Cowboys Silver Spur Award for her notable contribution to the Western genre. 
She remained with Savage throughout the summer of 1999 until they eventually broke up and she left WCW.
At a 3PW event in 2003, she wrestled Jasmin St. Claire in a match that ended up with the two women kissing in the ring.
While she mostly worked as a manager, she also competed in a tag team tournament and a battle royal.
She was married to Doyle Wolfgang von Frankenstein , the former guitarist of the American horror punk band, the Misfits.
They married on September 1, 2001 and have a daughter, Boriss, who was born on August 17, 2002.
In 2009, Edwards rejoined Eubanks as co-host of the Tournament of Roses Parade coverage on KTLA.
On September 25, 2015, Eubanks revealed that the 2016 parade will be their last.


 Stephanie Longfellow Stephanie Longfellow was an American stage and film actress who appeared in ca.
Longfellow was a popular ingenue for D.W. Griffith, and starred in 16 of his short films.
March was born in Dallas, Texas, the daughter of John and Laura March, and has a sister, Charlotte.
In 1996, March graduated from Northwestern University, where she was a member of Kappa Alpha Theta sorority.
She returned to the series for a six-episode arc in season 10 and then continued as a main character in season 11.
After her departure near the end of season 11, she returned again in season 13 as a recurring character.
According to media reports, March and Flay separated in March 2015 and their divorce was finalized on July 17, 2015.

She first began modeling in Europe and was discovered at 15 by Elite Model Management founder, John Casablancas.
Her first professional modeling job was in Europe, shooting fashion layouts for Italian and French Bazaar.
She then moved to New York to pursue a professional model career, leaving her family in Las Vegas.
On June 1, 2005, she gave birth to a baby girl, Lily Andreja Romanov-Wechsler.
In 1983, she was a finalist at the inaugural Elite Model Management Look of the Year modeling contest .
In the promotional photos, the supermodels play film stars protected by bodyguards and pursued by the paparazzi.
She played the unusual part of a live actor in a game whose characters and scenery were nearly all CG renders.
The marriage failed but resulted in the birth of her first son, Dylan Thomas Andrews, in 1990.
By mid-1991 she had become involved with Axl Rose, the lead singer of Guns N' Roses.
In turn, Seymour countersued Rose for assaulting her and denied they were ever engaged.
She gave birth to the couple's first son , Peter II, in December 1993.
Seymour gave birth to their second son, Harry, in 1996 and to their third child, daughter Lily Margaret, in 2004.
In March 2009, Seymour filed for divorce from Brant after almost 14 years of marriage.
She played the role of Lydia Barnes, ex-wife of Stewart Barnes , and had two sons and a lesbian daughter .
Her second husband was Paul Schmidt, a professor of Slavic languages , and her third was writer-producer David Debin .
In 2005, Channing pleaded no contest to driving under the influence and received 36 months probation. 
It is an important global city, and the main centre for corporate headquarters in the Nordic region.
One of the city's most prized museums, the Vasa Museum, is the most visited non-art museum in Scandinavia.
Sweden's national football arena is located north of the city centre, in Solna.
Ericsson Globe, the national indoor arena, is in the southern part of the city.
Vikings had a positive trade impact on the land because of the trade routes they created.
Stockholms' location appears in Norse sagas as Agnafit, and in Heimskringla in connection with the legendary king Agne.
The second part of the name means islet, and is thought to refer to the islet Helgeandsholmen in central Stockholm.
The city originally rose to prominence as a result of the Baltic trade of the Hanseatic League.
The 17th century saw Sweden grow into a major European power, reflected in the development of the city of Stockholm.
The city was in shock after having lost its place as the capital of a Great Power.
By the second half of the 19th century, Stockholm had regained its leading economic role.
At the end of the 19th century, less than 40% of the residents were Stockholm-born.
The 19th century saw the establishment of a number of scientific institutes, including the Karolinska Institute.
Stockholm became a modern, technologically advanced, and ethnically diverse city in the latter half of the 20th century.
The most common complaints are about the high crime rate and the high racial and social segregation in these areas.
The central parts of the city consist of fourteen islands that are continuous with the Stockholm archipelago.
Over 30% of the city area is made up of waterways and another 30% is made up of parks and green spaces.
The deciduous forest has four distinct seasons, spring, summer, autumn, and winter.
For details about the other municipalities in the Stockholm area, see the pertinent articles.
South of Stockholm: Huddinge, Nacka, Botkyrka, Haninge, Tyresö, Värmdö, Södertälje, Salem, Nykvarn and Nynäshamn.
The municipality is usually described in terms of its three main parts: Innerstaden , Söderort and Västerort .
Stockholm, with a February mean of , had a humid continental climate for the most recent official reference period .
Winter in Stockholm is more than 20 °C milder than in many areas this far north.
Summers average daytime high temperatures of and lows of around , but temperatures can reach on some days.
Warming is most pronounced during the winter months, with an increase of more than in January.
The highest temperature ever recorded in Stockholm was on 3 July 1811; the lowest was on 20 January 1814.
Annual precipitation is with around 170 wet days and light to moderate rainfall throughout the year.
The Council convene twice every month at Stockholm City Hall, and the meetings are open to the public.
The City Executive Board is elected by the City Council and can be thought of as the Government.
The City Executive Board consists of 13 members, who represent both the majority and the opposition.
The almost total absence of heavy industry makes Stockholm one of the world's cleanest metropolises.
The last decade has seen a significant number of jobs created in high technology companies.
Stockholm is also home to Sweden's foremost stock exchange, the Stockholm Stock Exchange .
Additionally, about 45% of Swedish companies with more than 200 employees are headquartered in Stockholm.
In recent years, tourism has played an important part in the city's economy.
Among 44 European cities Stockholm had the 6th highest growth in number of nights spent in the period 2004-2008.
Stockholm University, founded in 1878 with university status granted in 1960, has 52,000 students as of 2008.
The average age is 39.8 years; 40.5% of the population is between 20 and 44 years.
309,480 people, or 40.4% of the population, over the age 15 were unmarried.
The largest group of them are the Finns , followed by Iraqis and Iranian people .
The Stockholm urban area, defined only for statistical purposes, had a total population of 1,630,738 in 2015.
After a fire in 1697 when the original medieval castle was destroyed, Stockholm Palace was erected in a baroque style.
Storkyrkan Cathedral, the episcopal seat of the Bishop of Stockholm, stands next to the castle.
It was founded in the 13th century but is clad in a baroque exterior dating to the 18th century.
As early as the 15th century, the city had expanded outside of its original borders.
Starting 1 April 2007, a new zone system and price system applies for single tickets.
Cash tickets bought at the point of travel are the most expensive and pre-paid tickets slips of 8 are the cheapest.
The duration of the travel card validity depends on the exact type; they are available from 24 hours up to a year.
Between Riddarholmen and Söder Mälarstrand, the City Line will run through a submerged concrete tunnel.
A half-completed motorway ring road exists on the south and west sides of the City Centre.
A bypass motorway for traffic between Northern and Southern Sweden will be built west of Stockholm 2013-2023.
All the entrances and exits of this area have unmanned control points operating with automatic number plate recognition.
Cards allow users to rent bikes from any Stockholm City Bikes stand spread across the city and return them in any stand.
Bikes can be used for up to three hours per loan and can be rented from Monday to Sunday from 6 am to 10 pm.
With a journey of 20 minutes, the train ride is the fastest way of travelling to the city center.
Additionally, there are also bus lines, Flygbussarna, that run between central Stockholm and all the airports.
As of 2010 there are no airports specifically for general aviation in the Stockholm area.
As a result of Christianization, the Old Nubian language stands as the oldest recorded Nilo-Saharan language .
Sudan is now the third largest country in Africa and also the third largest country in the Arab world .
Its capital is Khartoum, the political, cultural and commercial centre of the nation.
King Piye attempted to expand the empire into the Near East, but was thwarted by the Assyrian king Sargon II.
Esarhaddon died while preparing to leave the Assyrian capital of Nineveh in order to eject him.
The civilization of Kush was among the first in the world to use iron smelting technology.
After the collapse of the Kushite empire several states emerged in its former territories, among them Nubia.
By the 6th century, fifty states had emerged as the political and cultural heirs of the Meroitic Kingdom.
A missionary sent by Byzantine empress Theodora arrived in Nobatia and started preaching Christianity about 540 AD.
Additionally, exemption from taxation in regions under Muslim rule were also a powerful incentive for conversion.
In 1093, a Muslim prince of Nubian royal blood ascended the throne of Dunqulah as king.
The two most important Arab tribes to emerge in Nubia were the Jaali and the Juhayna.
The government was substantially weakened by a series of succession arguments and coups within the royal family.
In 1821, the Ottoman ruler of Egypt, Muhammad Ali, had invaded and conquered northern Sudan.
In 1879, the Great Powers forced the removal of Ismail and established his son Tewfik I in his place.
Tewfik's corruption and mismanagement resulted in the Orabi Revolt, which threatened the Khedive's survival.
Sudan was left in the hands of the Khedivial government, and the mismanagement and corruption of its officials.
During the Khedivial period, wide spread dissent had spread due to harsh taxation's imposed on most activities.
Taxation on irrigation wells and farming lands were so high most farmers abandoned their farms and live stock.
Muhammad Ahmad died on 22 June 1885, a mere six months after the conquest of Khartoum.
In 1887, a 60,000-man Ansar army invaded Ethiopia, penetrating as far as Gondar.
By the early 1890s, British, French and Belgian claims had converged at the Nile headwaters.
Kitchener's campaigns culminated in a decisive victory in the Battle of Omdurman on 2 September 1898.
During World War II, Sudan was directly involved militarily in the East African Campaign.
In 1942, the SDF also played a part in the invasion of the Italian colony by British and Commonwealth forces.
The Egyptian Revolution of 1952 finally heralded the beginning of the march towards Sudanese independence.
In 1972, the Addis Ababa Agreement led to a cessation of the north-south civil war and a degree of self-rule.
Until the early 1970s, Sudan's agricultural output was mostly dedicated to internal consumption.
In 1972, the Sudanese government became more pro-Western, and made plans to export food and cash crops.
At the same time, debt servicing costs, from the money spent mechanizing agriculture, rose.
In 1978, the International Monetary Fund negotiated a Structural Adjustment Program with the government.
In July 1977, President Nimeiry met with Ansar leader Sadiq al-Mahdi, opening the way for reconciliation.
The new military government suspended political parties and introduced an Islamic legal code on the national level.
In the 1996 general election he was the only candidate by law to run for election.
In February 2003, the Sudan Liberation Movement Wahhabis and other conservative Arab Muslims in the north.
It is the variety of Arabic, an Afroasiatic language of the Semitic branch, that is spoken throughout Sudan.
Other important languages include Beja along the Red Sea, with perhaps 2 million speakers.
It is the only language from the Afroasiatic family's Cushitic branch that is today spoken in the territory.
As with South Sudan, a number of Nilo-Saharan languages are also spoken in Sudan.
There are likewise various Nubian languages, with over 6 million speakers along the Nile in the north.
The Niger-Congo family is represented by many of the Kordofanian languages, and Indo-European by Domari and English.
A 2009 proposal for a unified Sudanese Sign Language had been worked out, but was not widely known.
Though not as successful as football, handball, basketball, and volleyball are also popular in Sudan.
Sudan hosted the first African Cup of Nations in 1956, and has won the African Cup Of Nations once, in 1970.
Two years later, the Sudan National Football Team participated in the 1972 Olympic Games in Munich.
The nation's capital is home to the Khartoum League, which is considered to be the oldest football league in Africa.
Sudanese football teams such as Al-Hilal and El-Merreikh are among the nation's strongest teams.
Other teams like Khartoum, El-Neel, Al-Nidal El-Nahud and Hay-Al Arab, are also starting to grow in popularity.
Schools are concentrated in urban areas; many in the West have been damaged or destroyed by years of civil war.
The literacy rate is 70.2% of total population, male: 79.6%, female: 60.8%.
She began her performing career singing at Radio City Music Hall and acting in stage productions.
Grace Lookhoff, an operatic soprano, studied music at Washington University in Saint Louis and Juilliard.
Langdon was presented one of the Golden Boot Awards in 2003 for her contributions to western television and cinema.
Sue Ane Lookhoff married Jack Emrek on April 4, 1959 in Las Vegas, Nevada.
The couple remained married until his death on April 27, 2010 in Calabasas, California.
While at a social function in Los Angeles in 1927, a director offered her a part in a film.
Carol's film career lasted from the late 1920s into the 1930s; when it ended, she became a talent agent.
The last of her three marriages was to one of her clients, Alan Ladd, from 1942 until his death in 1964.
One of the WAMPAS Baby Stars, she performed in motion pictures from 1927 until 1937.
After retiring from acting in the late 1930s, Carol established her own talent agency, the Sue Carol Agency.
As a young woman, Carol married Allen H. Keefer, a buyer for a Chicago stock yard firm, divorcing in early 1929.
In July 1929, Carol became engaged to actor Nick Stuart, and the couple married that November.
They had a daughter, actress Carol Lee Ladd , who was briefly married to actor Richard Anderson.
In 1933, Sue Carol was cleared in a case involving the disappearance of a baby from a Brooklyn, New York, family.
In 1998, a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs, California, Walk of Stars was dedicated to her. 
When Casey was in high school, a talent agent saw her and began interviewing her at studios.
She appeared in over 200 commercials including ads for Chrysler, Maxwell House and Kelloggs.
Sue Williams was born Susan Williams in Glendale, California and attended Glendale High School between 1957 and 1959.
According to Playboy, she was the first Playmate to have breast implants and the first who was less than five feet tall.
She appeared in four more AIP movies released in between 1965 and 1966, credited as Sue Hamilton.
 Sujata Day Sujata DeChoudhury, also credited as Sujata Day is an Indian-American actress, model and screenwriter.
The daughter of a mechanical engineer and housewife, Sujata became involved in the performing arts at a very young age.
She began with dance and then became equally interested in acting, singing and musical theater.
In Georgian, the city is known as or აყუ , in Megrelian as აყუჯიხა , and in Russian as or .
It was believed that the town had been established by Castor's and Pollux's coachmen, the Argonauts Telkius and Amphyst.
However the names of the town may simply be the Greek comprehension of the old Georgian word combination.
The town was initially officially described in Russian as , until 16 August 1936 when this was changed to .
Sukhumi is also an important air link for Abkhazia as the Sukhumi Dranda Airport is located nearby the city.
Sukhumi botanical garden was established in 1840, one of the oldest botanical gardens in the Caucasus.
The city has a number of research institutes, the Abkhazian State University and the Sukhum Open Institute.
From 1945 to 1954 the city's electron physics laboratory was involved in the Soviet program to develop nuclear weapons.
The city is said to have been so named for the Dioscuri, the twins Castor and Pollux of classical mythology.
The city and its surroundings were remarkable for the multitude of languages spoken in its bazaars.
In 542 the Romans evacuated the town and demolished its citadel to prevent it from being captured by Sassanid Iran.
Later contested between the princes of Abkhazia and Mingrelia, Tskhumi finally fell to the Turks in the 1570s.
By 1989, Sukhum had 110,000 inhabitants and was one of the most prosperous cities of Georgia.
Historic population figures for Sukhumi, split out by ethnicity, based on population censuses: Religion.
Ancient Sebastopolis was a Latin bishopric, but the diocese ceased to exist with the advent of Orthodoxy.
The 11th century Kaman Church is erected, according to tradition, over the tomb of Saint John Chrysostom.
Some from Sukhumi lies New Athos with the ruins of the medieval city of Anacopia.
The Neo-Byzantine New Athos Monastery was constructed here in the 1880s on behest of Tsar Alexander III of Russia.
Northward in the mountains is the Voronya Cave, the deepest in the world, with a depth of 2,140 meters.
Sukhumi has a humid subtropical climate , that is almost cool enough in summer to be an oceanic climate.
On 2 February 2000, President Ardzinba dismissed temporary Mayor Leonid Osia and appointed Leonid Lolua in his stead.
During his first speech he called upon the two leading candidates, Sergei Bagapsh and Raul Khadjimba, to both withdraw.
Adleiba was the only candidate and voter turnout was 34%, higher than the 25% required.
There is a railway station in Sukhumi, that has a daily train to Moscow via Sochi.
 Sully Diaz Sully Diaz is an American actress and singer born to Christian, Puerto Rican parents.
Sully was invited to star in various soap operas in Puerto Rico, Venezuela and Argentina.
Sully later returned to New York to study at the Actors Studio, Hebert Berghoff Studio and Ann Reinken Steps Studio.
Haru was born Mildred Sevilla in 1939 at Orange, New Jersey to Filipino immigrants.
In 2009, Haru was honored with SAG's Ralph Morgan Award for distinguished service to SAG's Hollywood Division.
She studied and played volleyball at San Diego State University and was named to the Academic All-WAC team.
The 2001 terrorist attacks on U.S. soil prompted her family to return to the United States.
They moved to a Mormon community in San Diego where she attended a regular public high school for a week.
Because of the post 9-11 tension in the US, her schoolmates did not welcome her.
I was called a whore on the first day of school, and somebody said they thought my dad funded terrorism.
I just knew that nobody was ever going to want to be my friend there.
Within a year, she was signed to a contract with a manager and agency.
Glau was born in San Antonio, Texas, where she grew up with her two younger sisters Kaitlin and Christie.
After a broken toe ended her dancing career, Glau later moved to Los Angeles in 2002 to pursue an acting career.
Glau has trained in multiple forms of martial arts, including kung fu and kickboxing.
She is considered to be a pioneer as an Asian model, becoming one of the first Asian models to achieve success.
Born in Eunpyong-Gu , a borough of Seoul, Lee moved to the United States in 1978.

On the night of June 18, 1984, the actress was found unconscious in the home she shared with her boyfriend, Archie Hahn.
Without any hope of her mental recovery, her family agreed to take her off the respirator.
She started her career in front of the cameras as a fashion model at the age of 18.
Recently, she has been creatively active on the six second video app Vine in which she has over one million followers.
Anspach has a son, Caleb Goddard , whom she claims was fathered by actor Jack Nicholson.
Later in the 1970s, Anton appeared approximately 30 times on Merv Griffin's TV show.
She was frequently seen and heard in television, print and radio ads for the Perfect Sleeper mattress by Serta.
She had appeared as the title character in the film version which starred James Coburn and directed by Joseph Sargent.
Anton married television actor Jeff Lester on August 15, 1992, her second marriage.
Along with being a stuntwoman specializing in swimming work, she was also an animal trainer.
She trained with Harold Clurman, Uta Hagen, Herbert Berghof, and Lee Strasberg.
 Susan Bernard Susan Bernard is an American author, actress, model and businesswoman from Los Angeles, California.
She is the president of Bernard of Hollywood playwright Jason Miller; their son is actor Joshua John Miller. 
During 1980s and 1990s, Blakely played leading roles in many made for television movies.
In 1982, Blakely married media consultant and crisis management expert Steve Jaffe, a former television producer.
She has worked with Meryl Streep and Philip Seymour Hoffman in her most recent films.
She was going to reprise the role of Arcee in the 2009 sequel ' but was replaced by Grey DeLisle.
Blu's wife, actress Cynthia Songé, died in Arroyo Grande, California on May 19, 2010.
In August 2013 Blu married girlfriend Tania Themmen, sister of actor Paris Themmen, in Stamford, Connecticut 
 Susan Bottomly Susan Bottomly , also known as International Velvet, is a former American model and actress.
Born in Boston, Bottomly is the daughter of John Bottomly, a lawyer who prosecuted the Boston Strangler.
The following year Bottomly met poet and Factory regular Gerard Malanga who introduced her to Warhol.

Her acting career is sprinkled with supporting roles in television, stage, and film.
She completed her education in New York City, and found employment as an illustrator.
She supplemented her income by working as a singer, and also worked in theatre.
This brief period was not successful, and she moved to Universal Studios where she was signed to an exclusive contract.

 Susan Damante Susan Damante is an American actress who has starred in various films and television programs.
 Susan Dey Susan Dey is an American actress, known primarily for her roles in film and television.
She was 17 years old when she won the part and had no previous acting experience.
Dey has been married to her second husband, television producer Bernard Sofronski, since 1988.
She attended Los Alamitos High School and the co-located Orange County High School of the Arts and UCLA.
Having long desired to become a performer, Egan spent most of her time taking dancing and singing lessons as a child.
She remarks she took a lot of ballet as she heard it would help with all forms of performing.
From 2002 to 2003, she was the Interim Artistic Director of the Orange County High School of the Arts.
Fleming was from New York City and went to school in Forest Hills, Queens.
After starring in the Ziegfeld Follies productions on Broadway, she started appearing in movies.
As part of a publicity stunt for the film, her legs were insured for the eponymous million dollars.
At a dinner party held in the home of Samuel Goldwyn, she was seated next to Harpo Marx and found him fascinating.
The two collected many artworks, which Fleming donated widely after her husband's death.
Harpo died at age 75 on September 28, 1964, their 28th wedding anniversary.
Following his death, Fleming became more involved in local activities, including the local League of Women Voters.
Fleming outlived Marx by almost forty years during which she was an artist and activist in the Palm Springs area.
She died at age 94 on December 22, 2002, of a heart attack at Eisenhower Medical Center in Rancho Mirage.
She was survived by a daughter, three sons, five grandchildren; and two great-grandchildren. 

French died in 2003 of natural causes in Santa Monica, California at age ninety-one.
Gibney has a history of involvement in the Star Trek TV series, some of it behind the scenes.
She was considered for the role of Captain Kathryn Janeway on ', but did not get the role.
She was also considered, but likewise rejected, for the role of the Borg Queen in the film '. 
In 1999, she and her colleague Timothy Hines formed Pendragon Pictures based in Seattle, Washington.
The two were in good shape on the film until the events of September 11 caused the film to shut down production.
She also produced 2012 Oscar Contender War of the Worlds – The True Story, the 2011 War of the Worlds mock documentary.
Gordon was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota, the daughter of film director Bert I. Gordon and his wife Flora .
She died on December 11, 2011, due to thyroid cancer and was buried in Kedumim.
She was survived by her parents, husband, six children, five grandchildren, two sisters and a half sister. 
In 2003, a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs, California, Walk of Stars was dedicated to her.
After working as a fashion model in New York, Hayward traveled to Hollywood in 1937.
She secured a film contract, and played several small supporting roles over the next few years.
Her paternal grandmother was an actress, Kate Harrigan, from County Cork, Ireland.
Hayward was educated at Public School 181, and later attended The Girls' Commercial High School .
She continued to act into the early 1970s, when she was diagnosed with brain cancer.
He was a Georgia rancher and businessman who had formerly worked as a federal agent.
Though he was an unusual husband for a Hollywood movie star, the marriage was a happy one.
The couple also owned property across the state line in Cleburne County, just outside of Heflin, Alabama.
She became a popular figure in an area that in the 1950s was off the beaten path for most celebrities.
She had met McGuire while in China and promised him that if she ever converted, he would be the one to baptize her.
On March 14, 1975, she suffered a seizure in her Beverly Hills home and died at age 57.
Hayward's funeral was held on March 16 at Our Lady of Perpetual Help Roman Catholic Church in Carrollton.
For a number of years exhibitors voted Hayward among the most popular stars in the country: 
 Susan Johnson Susan Johnson , also known as Susan Johnson-Kehn, was an American actress and singer.
Born as Marilyn Jeanne Johnson in Columbus, Ohio, she attended Ohio State University.
Her third marriage to professional baseball player Chet Kehn lasted from 1965 until his death in 1984.

Her two sons, Chris Weitz and Paul Weitz, have both become film directors, screenwriters and sometime actors.
The 1959 film was a remake of a 1934 version of a book of the same name.
The expensive, glossy Ross Hunter production, directed by Douglas Sirk and starring Lana Turner, was a box office smash.
After the screening, the two women appeared on stage for a question-and-answer session hosted by TCM's Robert Osborne.
In the 1980s, Lanier had her own country-blues band and performed in the LA club scene.

She was born in Hollywood, California, where her father was a sound editor in the film industry.
She died at her home in Los Angeles, California, on November 29, 2012, at the age of 74.


They were married on December 17, 1953; the marriage was annulled on July 11, 1957.

Oliver made a decision to embark upon a career as an actress and chose the stage name Susan Oliver.
Flint McCullough, played by Robert Horton, searches for her so the wagon train can proceed on schedule.
Oliver spent the remainder of her career in Hollywood, having appeared in more than one hundred television programs.
It was February 3, 1959, the same day Buddy Holly died in an airplane crash.
She wrote about her aviation exploits and philosophy of life in an autobiography published in 1983.
She earned the rating and even flew some charters , but did not fly any record flights in their jets.
The pilot was Margaret Mead , an experienced pilot who had flown in several derbies with different co-pilots.
According to the FAA Registry, the glider rating was issued to Oliver on July 21, 1972.
Peters was born Suzanne Carnahan in Spokane, Washington, the elder of two children born to Robert and Abby Carnahan.
Her father was a civil engineer of Irish descent while her mother was of French descent.
While in her senior year at Hollywood High School, Peters began taking drama classes and signed with an agent.
After graduating in June 1939, she won a scholarship to the Max Reinhardt School of Dramatic Arts.
The accident left her permanently paralyzed from the waist down, which required her to use a wheelchair.
Her mother, who had maintained a bedside vigil during her stay in the hospital, died in December 1945.
MGM continued to pay her salary, but, unable to find suitable projects, Peters subsequently left the studio.
Peters and her husband Richard Quine adopted a son, Timothy Richard, in 1946.
They separated in March 1947 with Peters claiming that Quine was cruel and would not speak to her for days at a time.
On October 23, 1952, Peters died at Memorial Hospital in Visalia, California at the age of 31.
For her contribution to motion pictures, Susan Peters has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 1601 Vine Street. 
Her first marriage, to Mel Ruttan in 1967, ended with his death in a motorcycle accident three years later.
Saint James was raised in Rockford, Illinois, where she began modeling as a teenager.
In her younger school years she attended the Woodlands Academy of the Sacred Heart in Lake Forest, Illinois.
On June 11, 2008, Saint James was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Saint James married aspiring writer-director Richard Neubert at age 21, but the marriage lasted only a year.
She was married a second time in 1971, to Thomas Lucas, a makeup artist.
They had a daughter, Sunshine Lucas , and a son, Harmony Lucas ; the marriage lasted six years.
In March 2002 Saint James filed for divorce from Ebersol, but the couple reconciled later that summer.
On her mother's side, she is of Italian descent, with ancestors from the regions of Tuscany and Sicily.
She grew up in Edison, New Jersey, where she graduated from Edison High School in 1964.
She then attended The Catholic University of America, from 1964 to 1968, where she began dating actor Chris Sarandon.
Although he did not get a part, she was given a major co-starring role in the film, which was released in 1970.
While in college, she met fellow student Chris Sarandon and the couple married on September 16, 1967.
They divorced in 1979, but she retained the surname Sarandon as her stage name.
Sarandon is the co-owner of New York table tennis club SPiN, and its Toronto branch SPiN Toronto.
They operated the SPiN ping-pong lounges together and met on a road trip to Chile in early 2010.
After the 2004 election, Sarandon called for US elections to be monitored by international entities.
The next year, in 2004, she served on the advisory committee for 2004 Racism Watch, an activist group.
She hosted a section of the Live 8 concert in Edinburgh, Scotland, in 2005.
Sarandon's mother Leonora Tomalin is a staunch Republican, a supporter of George W. Bush and the Iraq War.
Sarandon was invited to inaugurate the 44th International Film Festival of India 2013 in Goa. 
 Susan Seidelman Susan Seidelman is an American film and television director, producer and writer.
Seidelman was raised in a suburb of Philadelphia, the oldest daughter of a hardware manufacturer and a teacher.
In the same year Seidelman was a member of the jury at the 44th Berlin International Film Festival.
It stars Brooke Shields, Daryl Hannah, Wanda Sykes, Virginia Madsen, Camryn Manheim, and Eric Roberts.
Seidelman is a fan of Billy Wilder for his social observation, drama and humor.
Seidelman has lived in New York City with her partner, screenwriter and producer Jonathan Brett, since 1986.
Strasberg became the youngest actress to star on Broadway with her name above the marquee title.
She lived in Italy in the early 1960s where she was often called 'La Strasberg'.
Before her marriage, Strasberg had relationships with Warren Beatty, Cary Grant and Richard Burton.
She died of the disease at her home in New York City on January 21, 1999 at the age of 60. 
 Susan Sullivan Susan Michaela Sullivan is an American actress, with credits in daytime and prime-time programs.
Sullivan was born in New York City, the daughter of Helen and Brendan Sullivan, an advertising executive.
The series became a huge hit and Maggie became Sullivan's most prominent role to date.
She appeared on the series from 1981 to 1989, during which time she was nominated for three Soap Opera Digest Awards.
Tyrrell was born in San Francisco, California to Gillian ; and John Creamer, who divorced.
She had two sisters, Candace and Carole, and a half-brother, Peter from her father's remarriage.
Her father John was an agent with the William Morris Agency for Leo Carrillo, Loretta Young, Ed Wynn and Carole Lombard.
The same year, Johnny Depp hosted a benefit at the Viper Room to help defray Tyrrell's medical bills.
In 2008, the actress moved to Austin, Texas, to be closer to her niece, Amy Sweet, and died there on June 16, 2012.
She is the mother of three, on the Advisory Board for the Los Angeles Parks and Recreation. 

They have two daughters, Frances Grace, born 1991, and Savannah Elizabeth, born 1992. 
The movie was a commercial disappointment in theaters, but found some success on cable and home video.
She attended a private, Christian school as well as Ouachita Parish High School, in Monroe, LA.
They met when he cast her in the movie in 1999 and wed on June 4, 2005.
They welcomed their first child, a boy, Cameron, on July 14, 2013.
She gave birth to their first child, son Gable Ness Nealon, on January 29, 2007 in Santa Monica, California. 
She also turned down a joint concert tour with Nelson Eddy, which she later regretted.
After the performance, Truman and Roosevelt praised Foster with their turn at the microphone.
After a debilitating miscarriage, their first son Michael was born 8 weeks premature in December 1950.
One of the stipulations was that she would have to relocate to Los Angeles with her two boys.
Evans reportedly became enraged, immediately taking Foster to court suing for custody of the two boys.
Evans would soon withhold payments for rent, alimony and child support, disappearing from the lives of his two boys.
Foster found work as a receptionist for several Wall Street firms and an answering service operator.
She would often work 80 hours a week trying to make a home for her two boys.
For the bulk of this time they lived in a small one bedroom apartment on West 82nd street in New York City.
She had been residing at The Lillian Booth Actor's Home in Englewood, New Jersey since 2003. 
Her mother played Beatles music for Hoffs when she was a child, and she began playing the guitar in her teens.
Hoffs attended Palisades High School in Pacific Palisades, Los Angeles, graduating in 1976.
In 1980, Hoffs graduated from University of California, Berkeley with a bachelor's degree in Art.
When she entered Berkeley she was a fan of classic rock bands that played in large stadiums.
While a student at Berkeley, she attended the final Sex Pistols show at Winterland and a Patti Smith concert.
Exposure to punk rock changed her career goal from dancer to musician in a band.
She eventually joined Vicki Peterson and Debbi Peterson in what would later become the pop music group The Bangles.
The Bangles' first recorded release was a self-titled EP in 1982 on the Faulty Products Label.
In the UK the single landed at #44, for only 4 weeks on chart, and the album also landed decently in Europe.
Hoffs recorded another album in 1993-94, prior to leaving Columbia Records, but it went unreleased.
The song can be heard in the closing credits and is available on the film's soundtrack.
The set was produced by Mitchell Froom and is influenced by the music of the 1960s.
They all adopted pseudonyms for the band, with Hoffs using the name Gillian Shagwell and Myers creating Austin Powers.
Myers' then wife Robin Ruzan encouraged him to write a film based on the character.
In the episode, she participated in one of US television's first same-sex kisses.
She played Queen Rose Benjamin, an analogue of Ahinoam, the wife of Saul.
A second pilot followed, with Susan Lanier in the role of Samantha, now called Chrissy.
Essman was born in The Bronx, New York City, and was raised in the middle-class New York City suburb of Mount Vernon.
Essman has been traveling and appearing at clubs throughout the country for more than two decades.
Essman made her U.K. standup comedy debut at the Corn Exchange at the Newbury Comedy Festival in July 2007.
In October 2013, she had a sell out run at London's Soho Theatre.
Sprague's parents, Sue Egberts and Scott Sprague, separated when Susie was two years old.
While living with her father, they lived in Northern and Southern California, Hawaii, and Spain.
Sprague stated that she was a fan of Feldman's ever since childhood and she knew she would marry him some day.
On October 22, 2009, Sprague filed for divorce, seeking sole custody of their son.
In 2012, she starred in a commercial for the book, Da Vinci Clock.
Feldman and Sprague's divorce went through on 29 August 2014 - 5 years after Sprague filed for divorce.
In the series, she is seen sharing her home with her husband and Corey Haim.
During season two of the show, Susie and Corey Feldman posed for a PETA ad campaign promoting vegetarianism.
She currently lives in Los Angeles where she works as an actress and aspiring stand up comic. 

Kaaren attended Erasmus Hall High School and Hunter College before being signed by 20th Century Fox in September 1933.
In 1931, she won a high-jumping contest in a New York City school contest.
She acted with stock companies and posed as a model for commercial painters and cigarette advertising.
Kaaren performed on stage on December 27, 1932, the night Radio City Music Hall opened.
She joined a troupe assembled by producer Walter Wanger, which also included Gloria Youngblood.
In the latter, she depicts Dolores Sanchez, and has the fourth lead after Curly Howard, Larry Fine, and Moe Howard.
Kaaren plays a woman who is separated into halves and then joined together again suspensefully.
The cult film of the horror film genre is a Poverty Row production released by Producers Releasing Corporation.
In July 1946, Kaaren's elder son, Brewster, was in the play with her as an eight-month-old.
She was also joined by her husband on stage at the Bucks County Playhouse in New Hope, Pennsylvania.
A month later, the show moved to the Quarterback Theatre, also in Atlantic City.
She married stage and screen actor, Sidney Blackmer, on June 13, 1943, in a civil ceremony in Santa Ana, California.
The Blackmers had lived in his family home in Salisbury, North Carolina, until it was damaged by fire in 1984.
Blackmer refused to budge, and, in 1998, a court ruled that Trump had to allow the rent-controlled tenants to remain.
Suzanne Kaaren died from pneumonia in Englewood, New Jersey, in 2004, aged 92. 
She was a graduate of the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York City.
She was interred at Mount Sinai Memorial Park Cemetery in Los Angeles on July 30, 2013. 
Her mother, Geraldine , was a dancer and artist who performed under the stage name Geraldine Rivers.
Her father, Eugene Pleshette, was a stage manager, network executive and manager of the Paramount Theater in Brooklyn.
She suffered a miscarriage during her marriage to Gallagher, and the couple were childless.
They were married until his death from respiratory failure in Los Angeles on April 30, 2007.
Pleshette died in the early evening of January 19, 2008, at her Los Angeles home, twelve days before her 71st birthday.
She is buried next to her third husband, Tom Poston, in the Hillside Memorial Park Cemetery in Culver City, California.
She received her star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for Television on January 31, 2008.

She has released two autobiographies, four diet books, and a book of poetry.
Her mother, Marion Elizabeth , was a medical secretary, and her father, Francis Mahoney, was a laborer and gardener.
She portrayed Chrissy Snow, a stereotypical dumb blonde, who found employment as an office secretary.
It was an instant success in the ratings, eventually spawning a short-lived spin-off series .
Those close to the situation suggested that Somers' rebellion was due to husband Hamel's influences.
She finished the remaining season on her contract, but her role was decreased to 60 seconds per episode.
She was accepted as a Playmate candidate in 1971, but declined to pose nude before the actual shoot.
She was the spokeswoman for the Thighmaster, a piece of exercise equipment that is squeezed between one's thighs.
In 1990, Somers returned to network TV, appearing in numerous guest roles and made-for-TV movies, mostly for ABC.
The movie chronicled Somers' troubled family life and upbringing, along with her subsequent rise to fame.
In the fall of 2012, the Suzanne Show, hosted by Somers, aired for a 13-episode season on the Lifetime Network.
Somers welcomed various guests covering a wide range of topics related to health and fitness.
Somers and Dovolani were eliminated on the fifth week of competition and finished in 9th place.
 Suzy Amis Cameron Susan Elizabeth Amis Cameron is an American environmental advocate, former actress, and model.
Born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, Amis first worked as a Ford model before she began acting in the 1980s.
In 2009, Amis founded , a global initiative showcasing sustainable fashion on the red carpet at the Oscars.
She also has a son, Jasper , with her first husband, Sam Robards.
At age 19, Chaffee tried out for, and won a spot on, the first US Ski Team while a freshman at the University of Denver.
In 2008, she ran for a seat on the Sedona, Arizona, City Council, but lost. 
 Suzy Parker Suzy Parker was an American model and actress active from 1947 into the early 1960s.
Elizabeth believed she was undergoing menopause, but then discovered she was several months pregnant with Cecilia/Suzy.
Parker's family later moved to Highland Park, New Jersey, and then to Florida.
When Parker was 15, sister Dorian, herself one of the top models of the era, introduced her to Eileen Ford.
She was the first model to earn $200 per hour and $100,000 per year.
In 1950, she and high-school sweetheart, Ronald Staton , drove to Georgia to secretly marry.
They moved to Pennsylvania and rented a house near where Dorian was living with her husband and children.
Parker met journalist Pierre de la Salle at a Jacques Fath party outside of Paris.
In 1958, Parker was a passenger in a car her father was driving when they were hit by an oncoming train.
Parker was hospitalized, with broken bones and embedded glass , under the name Mrs. Pierre de la Salle.
The press jumped on this, but Pierre continued to deny that they were married.
Parker began psychotherapy to cope with her rocky second marriage and the death of her beloved father.
Parker named her daughter after her older sisters Georgiabell and Florian and purposely left Dorian Leigh's name off.
Parker obtained a divorce and married Bradford in 1963 on board a boat at sea.
Parker had three more children with Bradford: daughter Dinah and sons Charlie and Christopher .
The family lived in Bel Air, Los Angeles, until Dinah was bitten by a rattlesnake in the yard and almost died.
They then moved to Montecito in the Santa Barbara area, where Suzy remained until her death in 2003.
During surgery for an ulcer, her vital signs disappeared on the operating table, but she was resuscitated.
She spent the last five years of her life in and out of the hospital.
She returned home and died at age 70 surrounded by family at her orchard in Montecito on May 3, 2003.
She was survived by two of her three sisters: Dorian and Florian , who died at the age of 92 on October 9, 2010.
Her husband, Bradford Dillman, her four children, and two stepchildren also survived her. 
 Swaziland Swaziland, officially the Kingdom of Swaziland , is a sovereign state in Southern Africa.
It is neighboured by Mozambique to its east and by South Africa to its north, west and south.
At no more than north to south and east to west, Swaziland is one of the smallest countries in Africa.
Its GDP per capita of $9,714 means it is classified as a country with a lower-middle income.
The majority of the country's employment is provided by its agricultural and manufacturing sectors.
Swaziland is a member of the Southern African Development Community, the African Union and the Commonwealth of Nations.
This continued under the rule of Ngwane V until the outbreak of the Second Boer War in October 1899.
King Ngwane V died in December 1899 during incwala after the outbreak of the Boer war.
In 1903, after British victory in the Anglo-Boer war, Swaziland became a British protectorate.
At this point Sobhuza II had ruled Swaziland for 61 years, making him the longest ruling monarch in history.
The 1990s saw a rise in student and labour protests pressuring the king to introduce reforms.
This led to the government of Swaziland to request a loan from neighbouring South Africa.
However, the Swazi government did not agree with the conditions of the loan, which included political reforms.
During this period, there was increased pressure on the Swaziland government to carry out more reforms.
Improvements in SACU receipts from 2012 on-wards, eased the fiscal pressure on the Swazi government.
The new parliament, the second since promulgation of the constitution, was elected on 20 September 2013.
This saw the reappointment of Sibusiso Dlamini, by the king, as prime minister for the third time.
The king is allowed by the constitution to appoint some members to parliament for special interests.
The Swazi bicameral Parliament or Libandla consists of the Senate and the House of Assembly .
These were strongly criticised by civil society organisations in Swaziland and human rights organisations elsewhere.
If he or she accepts it, he or she must be supported by at least ten members of that chiefdom.
The nominees with majority votes become the winners and they become members of parliament or constituency headman.
The Military of Swaziland is used primarily during domestic protests, with some border and customs duties.
The King is the Commander-in-Chief of the Defense Force and the substantive Minister of the Ministry of Defence.
There are approximately 3,000 personnel in the defence force, with the army being the largest component.
The regions are managed by a regional administrator, who is aided by elected members in each inkhundla.
There are three tiers of government in the urban areas and these are city councils, town councils and town boards.
The town clerk is the chief advisor in each local council council or town board.
There are twelve declared urban areas, comprising two city councils, three town councils and seven town boards.
The main cities and towns in Swaziland are Manzini, Mbabane, Nhlangano and Siteki which are also regional capitals.
Along the eastern border with Mozambique is the Lubombo, a mountain ridge, at an altitude of around 600 metres.
The mountains are broken by the canyons of three rivers, the Ngwavuma, the Usutu and the Mbuluzi River.
The western border of Swaziland, with an average altitude of 1200 metres, lies on the edge of an escarpment.
Development of the region was inhibited, in early days, by the scourge of malaria.
Swaziland is divided into four climatic regions, the Highveld, Middleveld, Lowveld and Lubombo plateau.
The seasons are the reverse of those in the Northern Hemisphere with December being mid-summer and June mid-winter.
Generally speaking, rain falls mostly during the summer months, often in the form of thunderstorms.
Annual rainfall is highest on the Highveld in the West, between depending on the year.
About 75% of the population is employed in subsistence agriculture upon Swazi Nation Land .
In contrast with the commercial farms, Swazi Nation Land suffers from low productivity and investment.
Low agricultural productivity in the SNLs, repeated droughts, the devastating effect of HIV AIDS.
In Swaziland early childhood care and education centres are in the form of preschools or neighbourhood care points .
In the country 21.6% of preschool age children have access to early childhood education.
In 1996, the net primary school enrolment rate was 90.8%, with gender parity at the primary level.
A campus of Limkokwing University of Creative Technology can be found at Sidvwashini, a suburb of the capital Mbabane.
The campus of Limkokwing University was opened in Swaziland in 2012 and is located at Sidvwashini in Mbabane.
The principal Swazi social unit is the homestead, a traditional beehive hut thatched with dry grass.
In a polygamous homestead, each wife has her own hut and yard surrounded by reed fences.
In larger homesteads there are also structures used as bachelors' quarters and guest accommodation.
The cattle byre has ritual as well as practical significance as a store of wealth and symbol of prestige.
Facing the cattle byre is the great hut which is occupied by the mother of the headman.
The diviner is consulted for various reasons, such the cause of sickness or even death.
The Inyanga possesses the bone throwing skill used to determine the cause of the sickness.
It is held on the fourth day after the full moon nearest the longest day, 21 December.
Incwala is best translated as 'Kingship Ceremony' : when there is no king, there is no Incwala.
In the eight-day ceremony, girls cut reeds and present them to the queen mother and then dance.
If any girl became pregnant outside of marriage, her family paid a fine of one cow to the local chief.
The formalised handcraft businesses of Swaziland employ over 2,500 people, many of whom are women .
 Sweden Sweden , officially the Kingdom of Sweden , is a Scandinavian country in Northern Europe.
It borders Norway and Finland, and is connected to Denmark by a bridge-tunnel across the Öresund.
At , Sweden is the third-largest country in the European Union by area, with a total population of over 9.8 million.
The last war in which Sweden was directly involved was in 1814, when Norway was militarily forced into personal union.
Since then, Sweden has been at peace, maintaining an official policy of neutrality in foreign affairs.
The union with Norway was peacefully dissolved in 1905, leading to Sweden's current borders.
After the end of the Cold War, Sweden joined the European Union on 1January 1995, but declined NATO membership.
Today, Sweden is a constitutional monarchy and a parliamentary democracy, with the Monarch as the head of state.
The capital city is Stockholm, which is also the most populous city in the country.
, total tax revenue was 47.8% of GDP, the second-highest tax burden among developed countries, down from 49.1% 2006.
State and municipal employees total around a third of the workforce, much more than in most Western countries.
Union density in 2012 was 67% among blue-collar-workers and 73% among white-collar workers .
Sweden has a relatively high amount of sick leave per worker in OECD: the average worker loses 24 days due to sickness.
In December 2008, the number employed in the 16–64 age group was 75.0%.
The positive trend continued during the first half of 2008, but the rate of increase slackened.
According to Statistics Sweden, the unemployment rate in June 2012 was at 8.8%.
Losec, an ulcer medicine, was the world's best-selling drug in the 1990s and was developed by AstraZeneca.
Swedish inventors held 41,735 patents in the United States , according to the United States Patent and Trademark Office.
As a percentage of GDP, the Swedish government spends the most of any nation on research and development.
The MAX IV, costing some SEK 3 billion, will be operational in 2015.
The population density is 20.6 people per km² and it is substantially higher in the south than in the north.
So is also the area around Lake Mälaren even outside Greater Stockolm and the agricultural area around Uppsala.
Low population density exists also in large parts of western Svealand, as well as southern and central Småland.
There are more than 4.4 million Swedish Americans according to a 2006 US Census Bureau estimate.
The same goes for standard Swedish speakers, who find it far easier to understand Norwegian than Danish.
Along with Finnish, four other minority languages are also recognised: Meänkieli, Sami, Romani and Yiddish.
Swedish became Sweden's official language on 1 July 2009, when a new language law was implemented.
In a 2005 survey by Eurobarometer, 89% of Swedes reported the ability to speak English.
Some Danish and Norwegian is at times also taught as part of Swedish courses for native speakers.
However, until 1860 it remained illegal for Lutheran Swedes to convert to another religion.
In 2000 the Church of Sweden was separated from the state and Sweden ceased to have any official church.
Further immigration from North Africa and the Middle East have brought the estimated Muslim population to 500,000.
Other research has shown that religion in Sweden continues to play a role in cultural identity.
The health care is governed by the 21 landsting of Sweden and is mainly funded by taxes, with nominal fees for patients.
In the Programme for International Student Assessment , Swedish 15-year-old pupils score close to the OECD average.
School lunch is free for all students in Sweden, and providing breakfast is also encouraged.
In 2000, 32% of Swedish people held a tertiary degree, making the country 5th in the OECD in that category.
This is, however, not to be confused with the migrants' national backgrounds, which are recorded.
In 1998, there were 1,746,921 inhabitants of a foreign background , comprising around 20% of the Swedish population.
Around 27% or 2,000,000 inhabitants of Sweden had a full or partial foreign background in 2011.
Around 26.5% of the Swedish population is, at least partly, of foreign descent.
Of these, 859 000 were born outside the EU and 477 000 were born in another EU Member State.
In 2009, immigration reached its highest level since records began, with 102,280 people emigrating to Sweden.
In 2013, Sweden granted 29,000 people asylum; an increase of 67% compared to 2012.
The ten largest groups of foreign-born persons in the Swedish civil registry in 2012 were from: Culture.
More recently, the films of Lukas Moodysson and Lasse Hallström have received international recognition.
At the present time, the number of single people is one of the highest in the world.
Cohabitation by couples of all ages, including teenagers as well as elderly couples, is widespread.
Sweden has a rich musical tradition, ranging from mediaeval folk ballads to hip hop music.
It is possible that the Viking musical legacy lives on in some of the old Swedish folk music.
Sweden also has a prominent choral music tradition, deriving in part from the cultural importance of Swedish folk songs.
In fact, out of a population of 9.5 million, it is estimated that five to six hundred thousand people sing in choirs.
With ABBA, Sweden entered into a new era, in which Swedish pop music gained international prominence.
and Dungen, a group which incorporates many elements of Swedish traditional folk music in their sound.
Another producer worth mentioning is RedOne, a Moroccan-Swede who is the creator of a slew of hits for Lady Gaga.
In The Eurovision Song Contest 2012 the Swedish artist Loreen took a landslide victory with the song Euphoria.
The Centre for Swedish Folk Music and Jazz Research has published an overview of jazz in Sweden by Lars Westin.
Before the 13th century almost all buildings were made of timber, but a shift began towards stone.
As so happens, many of them were built in Scania and are in effect Danish churches.
Cathedrals in other parts of Sweden were also built as seats of Sweden's bishops.
The Skara Cathedral is of bricks from the 14th century, and the Uppsala Cathedral in the 15th.
Some of the more magnificent include the Kalmar fortress, the Gripsholm Castle and the one at Vadstena.
In the next two centuries, Sweden was designated by Baroque architecture and later the rococo.
Some notable projects of this kind were the Million Programme, offering affordable living in large apartment complexes.
Swedes are among the greatest consumers of newspapers in the world, and nearly every town is served by a local paper.
The public broadcasting companies held a monopoly on radio and television for a long time in Sweden.
A second radio network was started in 1954 and a third opened 1962 in response to pirate radio stations.
These two channels held a monopoly until the 1980s when cable and satellite television became available.
The first Swedish language satellite service was TV3 which started broadcasting from London in 1987.
The first literary text from Sweden is the Rök Runestone, carved during the Viking Age c. 800 AD.
Therefore, there are only a few texts in the Old Swedish from that period.
Larsson drew heavily on the work of Lindgren by basing his central character, Lisbeth Salander, on Longstocking.
6June is the National Day of Sweden and has since 2005 been a public holiday.
A number of Swedish people have found success in Hollywood, including Ingrid Bergman, Greta Garbo and Max von Sydow.
Second to football, horse sports have the highest number of practitioners who are mostly women.
Thereafter, golf, athletics, and the team sports of handball, floorball, basketball and bandy are the most popular.
The team has won the World Championships nine times, placing them third in the all-time medal count.
Sweden hosted the 1912 Summer Olympics, Equestrian Events at the 1956 Summer Olympics and the FIFA World Cup in 1958.
Successful tennis players include former world number 1 players Björn Borg, Mats Wilander and Stefan Edberg.
Zürich and Geneva each have been ranked among the top cities with the highest quality of life in the world .
Switzerland has existed as a state in its present form since the adoption of the Swiss Federal Constitution in 1848.
The oldest known farming settlements in Switzerland, which were found at Gächlingen, have been dated to around 5300 BC.
The first and second century AD were an age of prosperity for the population living on the Swiss plateau.
Throughout the rest of the 6th, 7th and 8th centuries the Swiss regions continued under Frankish hegemony .
But after its extension under Charlemagne, the Frankish empire was divided by the Treaty of Verdun in 843.
By 1200, the Swiss plateau comprised the dominions of the houses of Savoy, Zähringer, Habsburg, and Kyburg.
Some regions were accorded the Imperial immediacy to grant the empire direct control over the mountain passes.
The Old Swiss Confederacy was an alliance among the valley communities of the central Alps.
The Confederacy facilitated management of common interests and ensured peace on the important mountain trade routes.
The success of Zwingli's Reformation in some cantons led to inter-cantonal religious conflicts in 1529 and 1531 .
In 1798, the revolutionary French government conquered Switzerland and imposed a new unified constitution.
When war broke out between France and its rivals, Russian and Austrian forces invaded Switzerland.
The Swiss refused to fight alongside the French in the name of the Helvetic Republic.
In 1803 Napoleon organised a meeting of the leading Swiss politicians from both sides in Paris.
The result was the Act of Mediation which largely restored Swiss autonomy and introduced a Confederation of 19 cantons.
Swiss troops still served foreign governments until 1860 when they fought in the Siege of Gaeta.
The war lasted for less than a month, causing fewer than 100 casualties, most of which were through friendly fire.
The war convinced most Swiss of the need for unity and strength towards its European neighbours.
A system of single weights and measures was introduced and in 1850 the Swiss franc became the Swiss single currency.
An early draft was rejected by the population in 1872 but modifications led to its acceptance in 1874.
During World War I, Switzerland was home to Vladimir Illych Ulyanov and he remained there until 1917.
Swiss neutrality was seriously questioned by the Grimm–Hoffmann Affair in 1917, but it was short-lived.
During World War II, detailed invasion plans were drawn up by the Germans, but Switzerland was never attacked.
Under General Henri Guisan central command, a general mobilisation of the armed forces was ordered.
During the Cold War, Swiss authorities considered the construction of a Swiss nuclear bomb.
In 1979 areas from the canton of Bern attained independence from the Bernese, forming the new canton of Jura.
On 18 April 1999 the Swiss population and the cantons voted in favour of a completely revised federal constitution.
Switzerland is a founding member of the EFTA, but is not a member of the European Economic Area.
Switzerland, together with Liechtenstein, has been completely surrounded by the EU since Austria's entry in 1995.
The more mountainous southern half of the country is far more sparsely populated than the northern half.
She also has no children, but she revealed in April 2014 that she had an abortion in the 1960s. 
Sybil Seely was born Sybil Travilla to Harry Travilla and Lucie Ellen Boyker in Los Angeles, California.
She acted in 21 films on record, some of which were filmed with actor Buster Keaton.

 Sylvia Field Sylvia Field was an American actress whose career encompassed performances on stage, screen, and TV.
Born Harriet Louisa Johnson in Allston, Massachusetts, she attended Arlington High School in Arlington, Massachusetts.
The show, which aired until 1955, co-starred Field's real-life husband Ernest Truex.
In 1941, she married actor Ernest Truex, to whom she remained married until Truex's death in 1973.
On July 31, 1998, Field died at a nursing home in Fallbrook, California.
She plays Jolene Barnes, mother of Hayden Panettiere's character, who is a drug addict.
She first performed as a young child in the last days of vaudeville in Baltimore, Maryland.
Sylvia Lewis lives in Thousand Oaks, California, with her husband of 38 years, attorney Philip Gunning.
 Sylvia Miles Sylvia Miles is an American film, stage and television actress, twice nominated for an Academy Award.
Miles was born in New York City and raised in Greenwich Village, where her father worked as a furniture maker.
Her birth year has been generally reported as 1932, but Miles insists she was born in 1934.
On May 30, 2014, it was reported that Miles had been hospitalized with apparent severe anemia. 
Her parents divorced by 1915, and she was adopted by her stepfather, Sigmund Sidney, a dentist.
Now using the surname Sidney, she became an actress at the age of fifteen as a way of overcoming shyness.
In 1926, she was seen by a Hollywood talent scout and made her first film appearance later that year.
During the Depression, Sidney appeared in a string of films, often playing the girlfriend or the sister of a gangster.
It was during this period that she developed a reputation for being difficult to work with.
In 1982, Sidney was awarded by George Eastman House for distinguished contribution to the art of film.
During her marriage to Luther Adler she was a sister-in-law to acclaimed stage actress and drama teacher Stella Adler.
On March 5, 1947, she married radio producer and announcer Carlton Alsop; they were divorced on March 22, 1951.
Sidney died from esophageal cancer at the age of 88 in New York City, after a career spanning more than 70 years.
Symona's father was of English extraction and her mother of German heritage, though both were New York natives.
Thanks to the daily television broadcast of the wildly popular Stooge films, Boniface is widely seen on a regular basis.
Mischievous Curly grabs a cream pie from a pastry table, and tries to eat it whole.
Moe sees this, swipes the pie, and pushes Curly out of the way.
Seeing the approaching Mrs. Smythe-Smythe , Moe tosses the pie straight up, resulting in it sticking to the ceiling.
At that moment, the pie comes crashing down in the society matron's face.
Boniface married Frank Pharr Simms, a salesman and real-estate broker from Decatur, Georgia, who survived her.
Boniface was 56 years of age when she died of pancreatic cancer on September 2, 1950. 
São Tomé and Príncipe has since remained one of Africa's most stable and democratic countries.
The islands of São Tomé and Príncipe were uninhabited before the arrival of the Portuguese sometime around 1470.
In time these settlers found the volcanic soil of the region suitable for agriculture, especially the growing of sugar.
By the mid-16th century the Portuguese settlers had turned the islands into Africa's foremost exporter of sugar.
São Tomé and Príncipe were taken over and administered by the Portuguese crown in 1522 and 1573, respectively.
However, competition from sugar-producing colonies in the Western Hemisphere began to hurt the islands.
It was now primarily a transit point for ships engaged in the slave trade between the West and continental Africa.
In the early 19th century, two new cash crops, coffee and cocoa, were introduced.
By 1908, São Tomé had become the world's largest producer of cocoa, which remains the country's most important crop.
Although Portugal officially abolished slavery in 1876, the practice of forced paid labour continued.
In early legislative elections in October 1994, the MLSTP won a plurality of seats in the Assembly.
On 12 February 2009, there was an attempted coup d'état to overthrow President Fradique de Menezes.
The coup plotters were imprisoned, but later received a pardon from President de Menezes.
The prime minister is appointed by the president, and the fourteen members of cabinet are chosen by the prime minister.
São Tomé and Príncipe has embassies in Angola, Gabon, Portugal, Belgium, Taiwan, and the USA.
It also has a permanent mission to the UN in New York City and an International Diplomatic Correspondent Office.
The provinces are further divided into seven districts, six on São Tomé and one on Príncipe .
Swift streams radiating down the mountains through lush forest and cropland to the sea cross both islands.
The equator lies immediately south of São Tomé Island, passing through an islet Ilhéu das Rolas.
The Pico Cão Grande is a landmark volcanic plug peak, located at in southern São Tomé.
At the interior's higher elevations, the average yearly temperature is , and nights are generally cool.
São Tomé and Principe is an important marine turtle nesting site, including the hawksbill turtles .
Since the 19th century, the economy of São Tomé and Príncipe has been based on plantation agriculture.
At the time of independence, Portuguese-owned plantations occupied 90% of the cultivated area.
The main crop on São Tomé is cocoa, representing about 95% of agricultural exports.
Domestic food-crop production is inadequate to meet local consumption, so the country imports most of its food.
In 1997 it was estimated that approximately 90 percent of the country's food needs are met through imports.
In response to its economic downturn, the government undertook a series of far-reaching economic reforms.
Following the truce, the IMF decided to send a mission to São Tomé to evaluate the macroeconomic state of the country.
In parallel, some efforts have been made to incentivize private tourism initiatives, but their scope remains limited.
Portugal remains one of São Tomé's major trading partners, particularly as a source of imports.
Food, manufactured articles, machinery, and transportation equipment are imported primarily from the EU.
São Tomé has received more than $2 million from the bank to develop its petroleum sector.
Banco Central de Sāo Tomé e Príncipe is the central bank, responsible for monetary policy and bank supervision.
The first ever census was carried out in 2011 with the help of the National Statistic Institute of Cape Verde.
All are descended from people from different countries taken to the islands by the Portuguese from 1470 onwards.
There was a resurgence of malaria in the country in 2010, but the exact cause is unknown.
Primary school enrollment and attendance rates were unavailable for São Tomé and Principe as of 2001.
Domestic financing of the school system is lacking, leaving the system highly dependent on foreign financing.
São Toméans are known for ússua and socopé rhythms, while Príncipe is home to the dêxa beat.
Tropical fruits such as pineapple, avocado and bananas are a significant component of the cuisine.
Breakfast dishes are often reheated leftovers from the previous evening's meal, and omelettes are popular. 
Her father is Peter Mui, who co-founded Tungtex Co Ltd, a Hong Kong-based garment maker.
She said it was because for her love of the TV so she named her daughter after it.
Carpio suffered a neck injury during a 'mid-performance incident' of the musical in March 2011.
Her career has seen a rebirth after 2000 and has continued to the present day.
Apart from acting, O'Connell started and owned the Canoco Publishing Company during the 1990s.
O'Connell has written numerous articles for the magazine as well as being its owner and publisher.
She was born in San Diego, California, the daughter of actress Raquel Welch and her first husband, James Welch.
Returning to Europe she continued working mostly in Italian and German film and television productions.
Eig was born in 1930 in Helsinki, but later raised in Turku by her parents, Helena Dobroumova and Åke Elg, a pianist.
In 1982 she remarried, to Rocco Caporale, an Italian-born educator and professor of sociology.
 Taiwan Taiwan , officially the Republic of China , is a sovereign state in East Asia.
International recognition of the ROC has gradually eroded as most countries switched recognition to the PRC.
In the 1980s and early 1990s, Taiwan evolved into a multi-party democracy with universal suffrage.
Taiwan is one of the Four Asian Tigers and a member of the WTO and APEC.
The 21st-largest economy in the world, its high-tech industry plays a key role in the global economy.
This name was also adopted into the Chinese vernacular as the name of the sandbar and nearby area .
Use of the current Chinese name was formalized as early as 1684 with the establishment of Taiwan Prefecture.
Taiwan's highest point is Yu Shan at ; Taiwan is the world's fourth-highest island.
Taiwan lies on the Tropic of Cancer, and its general climate is marine tropical.
The major seismic faults in Taiwan correspond to the various suture zones between the various terranes.
It uses this policy to prevent the international recognition of the ROC as an independent sovereign state.
UN Resolution 2758 recognized the People's Republic of China as China's sole representative in the United Nations.
As a result, only and the Holy See maintain official diplomatic relations with the Republic of China.
Each year since 1992, the ROC has petitioned the UN for entry, but its applications have not made it past committee.
The Pan-Blue and Pan-Green coalitions are presently the dominant political blocs in the Republic of China.
They are nominated and appointed by the president, with the consent of the Legislative Yuan.
Nevertheless, according to a survey in 2006, about 80% of Taiwanese still wanted to keep the death penalty.
The constitution of the Republic of China was drafted before the fall of mainland China to the Communist Party of China.
The ROC remained under martial law from 1948 until 1987 and much of the constitution was not in effect.
In 2000, the Democratic Progressive Party won the presidency, ending KMT's continuous control of the government.
President Ma Ying-jeou stated that there will be no unification nor declaration of independence during his presidency.
This was a problem for many Taiwanese businesses that had opened factories or branches in mainland China.
Other major political issues include the passage of an arms procurement bill that the United States authorized in 2001.
The political effect on President Chen Shui-bian was great, causing a divide in the DPP leadership and supporters alike.
The KMT assets continue to be another major issue, as it was once the richest political party in the world.
After completing his second term as President, Chen Shui-bian was charged with corruption and money laundering.
Roughly 84% of Taiwan's population descends from Han Chinese who migrated from China between 1661 and 1895.
Another significant fraction descends from Han Chinese who immigrated from China in the 1940s and 1950s.
The pan-green camp supports a distinct Taiwanese identity, while the pan-blue camp supports a Chinese identity only.
The survey also shows that among 18- to 29-year-old respondents, 75% consider themselves as Taiwanese only.
Control of the armed forces has also passed into the hands of the civilian government.
Current plans call for a transition to a predominantly professional army over the next decade.
With full containment in July 2003, there has not been a case of SARS since.
The life expectancy for males was 73.5 years and 79.7 years for females according to the World Health Report.
In July 2013, the Department of Health was restructured as the Ministry of Health and Welfare.
It is disputed whether Taiwanese culture is a regional form of Chinese culture or a distinct culture.
Karaoke, drawn from contemporary Japanese culture, is extremely popular in Taiwan, where it is known as KTV.
The entertainment counterpart of a KTV is an MTV, being found much less frequently out of the city.
There, movies out on DVD can be selected and played in a private theater room.
Bubble tea and milk tea are available in Singapore, Malaysia, Australia, Europe, and North America.
In 2008, Taiwan hosted the World Youth Korfball Championship and took the silver medal.
In 2009, Taiwan's korfball team won a bronze medal at the World Game.
Yani Tseng is the most famous Taiwanese professional golfer currently playing on the U.S.-based LPGA Tour.
The latter numbers years starting from 1911, the year of the founding of the Republic of China.
Usually, year numbering may use the Gregorian system as well as the ROC era system.
The use of two different calendar systems in Taiwan may be confusing, in particular for foreigners.

 Takayo Fischer Takayo Fischer is an American stage, film and TV actress, as well as voice-over actress and singer.

She was formerly married to George Clooney, and is currently married to John Slattery.
Balsam was born in New York City to actor Martin Balsam and actress Joyce Van Patten.
She is the niece of actor Dick Van Patten, actress Pat Van Patten and actor Tim Van Patten.
Balsam married actor George Clooney in Las Vegas in 1989; they were divorced in 1993.
Since 1998 Balsam has been married to John Slattery with whom she has a son, Harry Slattery.
She graduated from the Mason Gross School of the Arts with a BFA in acting.

At the age of 15, Soto signed with Click Model Management and began modeling during summer vacations.
The couple have two children, a daughter Sophia Rosalinda and a son, Mateo Bravery. 
It is ranked as a global city and has been listed among the top 10 digital cities in the world.
The city was a European Capital of Culture for 2011, along with Turku in Finland.
who in an Estonian legend carried rocks to her husband's grave that formed the Toompea hill.
The city operates a system of bus , tram and trolley-bus routes to all districts.
Starting from January 2013 public transport for citizens registered to live in Tallinn is completely free.
That includes buses, trams and trolleybuses, and also the rail services within city limits.
There is a local bus connection between the airport and the edge of the city centre .
The construction of the new section of the airport began in 2007 and was finished in summer 2008.
The Copterline Tallinn terminal is located adjacent to Linnahall, five minutes from the city center.
After a crash near Tallinn in August 2005, service was suspended but restarted in 2008 with a new fleet.
On 15 February 2010, Copterline filed for bankruptcy, citing inability to keep the company profitable.
The first electrified train service in Tallinn was opened in 1924 from Tallinn to Pääsküla, a distance of .
A tunnel has been proposed between Tallinn and Helsinki, though it remains at a planning phase.
 Tamara De Treaux Tamara Detro , known by the stage name Tamara De Treaux, was an American actress.
She was a 1978 graduate of San Leandro High School, San Leandro, California.
In 1990 she died at age 31 from respiratory and heart problems at the North Hollywood Medical Center.
Drasin was born sometime around 1905 in the Imperial Russian village of Sorochintsï, in what is modern-day Ukraine.
Froman later said that she had given Drasin her seat, which bothered Froman for the rest of her life.

D'Amico garnered attention from the show's producers with her entry film entitled starring Federico Castelluccio.
The album was picked up by LML Records/Allegro distribution and went into worldwide release in 2010.
D'Amico produced and directed the television pilot “” starring Joanna Cassidy which garnered much TV press and accolade.
To date, the series has yet to announce a network in which it will be airing. 
 Tamera Mowry Tamera Darvette Mowry-Housley , known by her maiden name Tamera Mowry, is an American actress and model.
The couple welcomed their first child, a son, Aden John Tanner Housley, on November 12, 2012.
NAACP Image Awards Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards People's Choice Awards Teen Choice Awards Young Artist Awards 

Her father, David Stronach, is a renowned archeologist of ruins of Ancient Persia and a professor at UC Berkeley.
Tomita graduated from Granada Hills High School in the San Fernando Valley of Los Angeles.
For this role Blanchard received her second Tony Award nomination for Best Featured Actress in a Musical.
In it, Blanchard co-stars with Patti Lupone, Mira Sorvino, Mike Doyle, Michael Rispoli and Daphne Rubin-Vega.
Blanchard lives in her hometown of Bayonne and has a daughter, Ava Jean Blanchard, who was born in 2008.
She attended high school at the then-all-girls school, Beaver Country Day School, in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts.
She portrayed the title character, a Western mining millionairess who survived the sinking of the Titanic.
She plays every cheap trick in the histrionic book with supreme aplomb and adorable confidence.
Her voice moans, purrs, splutters; she gesticulates with her eyes, almost shouts with her hair.
In 2005 Grimes worked with director Brandon Jameson to voice UNICEF's multi-award winning tribute to Sesame Workshop.
Two years later, in 2007, she returned to the cabaret stage in a critically acclaimed one-woman show.
Grimes married Christopher Plummer August 16, 1956, with whom she had a daughter, actress Amanda Plummer.
Her second husband was actor Jeremy Slate, whom she married in 1966 and divorced a year later.
Her third husband was composer Richard Bell , whom she married in 1971; the couple remained wed until Bell's death.
 Tammy Lauren Tammy Lauren is an American actress who has appeared in film and television.
Lauren is married to actor Guri Weinberg, son of the Israeli wrestling coach Moshe Weinberg. 
On one occasion she responded to directorial criticism by pulling on the director's beard.
As a child she'd competed in around 300 beauty pageants and won almost all of them.
It is also speculated that she may have been pregnant, the estimation of development was about three months.
Townsend is a 1988 graduate of the Los Angeles County High School for the Arts.


In 2012, she recorded an animated pilot ' and now co-stars in it as Sashi Kobayashi.
However, she, along with co-star Scott Eastwood, left the show for creative reasons.
She went to the Lycée Français de Los Angeles, where she obtained her French baccalauréat. 
Frederick then went one step further and found a theater company who would produce it.
As of March 2008, Frederick had also begun work on her third film with Jaglom.
There were over 100 performances of the play, which ended its run August 1, 2010.
She also has a brother named Karanveer Atwal, 15, who currently attends Stockdale High School as a sophomore.

Roberts' father supported their family on a modest income, working as a fountain pen salesman in Manhattan.
At age 15, she left high school and lived for a while hitch-hiking across the United States.
After meeting psychology student Barry Roberts , she proposed to him in a subway station and they were soon married.
Her career began as a model in TV ads for Excedrin, Ultra Brite, Clairol, and Cool Ray sunglasses.
In 1977, as her husband was securing his own screenwriting career, the couple moved to Hollywood.
Roberts played the sultry Julie Rogers, a streetwise fighter who used her fists more than her gun.
Despite the hype Roberts's debut had received, her premiere episode in November 1980 drew dismal ratings.
Over the course of her career, Tanya made the decision to start wearing her hair naturally.
Tanya is an alumna of the Oliver Scholars Program and graduated high school from George School, a private Quaker school.
Tanzania's population of 47.4 million is diverse, composed of several ethnic, linguistic, and religious groups.
The mainland was governed as Tanganyika, with the Zanzibar Archipelago remaining a separate colonial jurisdiction.
Industry and construction is a major and growing component of the Tanzanian economy, contributing 22.2% of GDP in 2013.
All of Tanzania's coal production, which totalled 106,000 short tons in 2012, is used domestically.
Generation increased by 63% between 2005 and 2012; however, only 15% of Tanzanians had access to electric power in 2011.
Almost 18% of the electricity generated in 2012 was lost because of theft and transmission and distribution problems.
The government is building a gas pipeline from Mnazi Bay to Dar es Salaam, with a scheduled completion in 2015.
This pipeline is expected to allow the country to double its electricity generation capacity to 3,000 megawatts by 2016.
The government's goal is to increase capacity to at least 10,000 megawatts by 2025.
Bringing the total reserves to over 43 trillion cubic feet by the end of 2013.
The value of natural gas actually produced in 2013 was US $52.2 million, a 42.7% increase over 2012.
In 2012, 1,043,000 tourists arrived at Tanzania's borders compared to 590,000 in 2005.
In 2013, the most visited national park was Serengeti , followed by Manyara and Tarangire .
Airlines in Tanzania include Air Tanzania, Precision Air, Fastjet, Coastal Aviation, and ZanAir.
Several modern hydrofoil boats provide transportation across the Indian Ocean between Dar es Salaam and Zanzibar.
Approximately 12% of Tanzanians used the internet as of 2011, though this number is rapidly growing.
Approximately 70% of the population is rural, although this percentage has been declining since at least 1967.
Dodoma , located in the centre of Tanzania, is the capital of the country and hosts the National Assembly.
The Sukuma, Nyamwezi, Chagga, and Haya peoples have more than 1 million members each.
Approximately 99% of Tanzanians are of African descent, with small numbers of Arab, European, and Asian descent.
The population also includes people of Arab, Indian, and Pakistani origin, and small European and Chinese communities.
As of 1994, the Asian community numbered 50,000 on the mainland and 4,000 on Zanzibar.
The country has banned witch doctors to try to prevent the practice, but it has continued and albinos remain targets.
Of Muslims, 16% are Ahmadiyya, 20% are non-denominational Muslims, 40% are Sunni, 20% are Shia and 4% are Sufi.
The Muslim population of Dar es Salaam, the largest and richest city in Tanzania, is mainly Sunni.
Over 100 different languages are spoken in Tanzania, making it the most linguistically diverse country in East Africa.
Approximately 10% of Tanzanians speak Swahili as a first language, and up to 90% speak it as a second language.
The widespread use and promotion of Swahili is contributing to the decline of smaller languages in the country.
There is no department of local or regional African Languages and Literatures at the University of Dar es Salaam.
Based on 2012 data, the literacy rate in Tanzania for persons aged 15 and over is estimated to be 67.8%.
In 2010, 74.1% of children age 5 to 14 years were attending school.
Prematurity and malaria were tied in 2010 as the leading cause of death in children under 5 years old.
The other leading causes of death for these children were, in decreasing order, malaria, diarrhoea, HIV, and measles.
FGM is most common in the Manyara, Dodoma, Arusha, and Singida regions and nonexistent in Zanzibar.
Anti-retroviral treatment coverage for people living with HIV was 37% in 2013, compared to 19% in 2011.
Famous taarab singers include Abbasi Mzee, Culture Musical Club, Shakila of Black Star Musical Group.
Major oral literary forms include folktales, poems, riddles, proverbs, and songs.
Tanzania does not have a lifelong reading culture, and books are often expensive and hard to come by.
One of the most famous African artists – George Lilanga – was born in Tanzania.
It is known for the high Ujamaas made of the hard and dark ebony tree.
One of Tanzania's, and other parts of eastern Africa's, most common dishes is Ugali.
Beef, goat meat, beans, yoghurt, and a wide range of fish and green leafy vegetables all add nutrients to the dishes.
The most popular professional football clubs in Dar es Salaam are the Young Africans F.C.

Though never reaching feature status, Buckman was nonetheless a regular guest star on many television series.
Karsian is the daughter of actress Pat Carroll, and the sister of casting director Kerry Karsian.
She went to Beverly Hills High School and is a member of the Echo Theater Company.

After performing in ten productions with the Clubhouse Theatre, Barr turned her attention to film and television.
Reid has twin younger siblings, Colleen and Patrick, and another brother, Tom.
The film also marked her first film to reach #1 at the box office.
The film was panned by critics and Reid received a Razzie Award nomination for Worst Actress.
The show premiered on on August 10, 2005, but it was canceled in September, with Ted Harbert, E!
On September 2, she received the fewest votes and became the third celebrity to be evicted from the house.
However, Lillelund denied it, stating he had not been in contact with Reid since February.
 Tara Subkoff Tara Lyn Subkoff is an American actress, conceptual artist, director, and fashion designer.
After graduation, she attended the Parsons School of Design, but dropped out within a year of enrolling.
Every piece of clothing in the line was sewn by hand and recycled from vintage, thrift and Goodwill shops.
Subkoff created pieces of wearable art with her fashion shows which garnered her a cult following.
After Subkoff and Damhave parted ways, she continued to design pieces for the line through 2006.
She also conceptualized a performance piece in a group show curated by Dimitri Antonitsis in Hydra, Greece.
This girl was cyberbullied very badly... Now, I was bullied badly as a kid, but I could always change schools.
Now you can't…when bullying follows you home, and there's no escape and no end, to me, that's horror.
Subkoff has been formerly romantically linked to Wes Anderson, and was formerly engaged to director Tom Hooper.
She relocated to Los Angeles, where she underwent a craniotomy to remove the tumor on September 10, 2009.
The surgery left Subkoff deaf in her right ear, and with partial nerve damage. 
Signor made two appearances on the show in 2008, on January 17 and December 18.
 Tarsha Vega Tarsha Vega is an American recording artist, occasional actress, and internet personality.
Manning was nominated in the Washington D.C. Area Film Critics Association Awards for Best Breakthrough Performance.
At first she made a guest appearance on the show and later rejoined, because her performance was so well received.
The band first signed a major label deal with American Idol producer Randy Jackson, but the deal fell through.
Robbie Robertson then signed them to DreamWorks Records, which was Boomkat's label from 2002 to 2004.
Her fashion icons are Kate Moss, Nicole Kidman, Cate Blanchett and Kate Winslet.
They shot a short film, which follows a day in the life of a Frankie B. woman.
Manning owns a home in Los Angeles, as well as an apartment in New York City's Greenwich Village.
On October 12, 2012, Manning was arrested for assaulting her personal assistant and makeup artist, Holli Hartman.
 Taryn Southern Taryn Southern is an American singer, actress, comedian, and YouTube personality.
On July 2, 2007, she released a comedic YouTube video called Hott4Hill in support of the presidential campaign of U.S.
In November 2008, Southern and Jessica Rose, launched Webutantes, a new media studio.
Since then, Southern has released more than 30 different songs and an 80's inspired album, Flashback Friday.
She also provided voice over for the character Judy on the Fred animated series on YouTube.
In 2012, she appeared as a guest star on New Girl, American Dad!, The League, and Guys with Kids.
In 2013, she released the song Crush, which made it to the Top 100 in radio play in August.
In 2014, Southern's YouTube Channel was listed on New Media Rockstars Top 100 Channels, ranked at #52.
Sherel was born in 1978 and raised on the south side of Chicago, Illinois.
While working toward her degree, Sherel took a job at a Hair Care Company as an assistant.
She then won the prestigious title of Miss Mahogany Chicago and went on to place in the Top 10 of a national pageant.
Her biggest break came at the Maybelline Modeling Competition, hosted by the national make-up company of the same name.

In 1986, O'Neal married the professional tennis player John McEnroe, with whom she had three children.
O'Neal was born in the Westwood area of Los Angeles, California, to actors Ryan O'Neal and Joanna Moore .
Tatum has another half-brother, Redmond, from Ryan O'Neal's relationship with actress Farrah Fawcett.
The youngest ever to win a competitive Academy Award, she turned 9 years old during filming in autumn 1972.
One of O'Neal's first public boyfriends was pop star Michael Jackson, whom she dated in the late 1970s.
Following the divorce, O'Neal's drug problems reemerged and she developed an addiction to heroin.
As a result of her drug problems, McEnroe obtained custody of the children in 1998.
In 2011, Tatum and her father Ryan began to restore their broken father–daughter relationship after 25 years.
On June 1, 2008, she was arrested for buying crack cocaine near her Manhattan apartment building.
She also alleges physical and emotional abuse from her father, much of which she attributed to drug use.
She also detailed her own heroin addiction and its effects on her relationship with her children.
Her most notable appearances to date have included the following: Her resume also lists her hosting of E!
Smiley is married to Lauder Robinson and gave birth to their first child in September 2012. 
The couple were married for five years and have two daughters, Wynter and Raine.
The authorities said her two children were home at the time and Kitaen had given deputies permission for the search.
On September 26, 2009, Kitaen was arrested for driving under the influence in Newport Beach, California. 
Hender resides in Los Angeles, with her mother Missy and brothers and , who are also actors.
Cole attended Mirabeau B. Lamar High School where she traveled with the Junior Olympics volleyball squad.
She has appeared in commercials and advertisements for Crest toothpaste, Old Spice, and Dooney & Bourke handbags.
Though Cole has mainly focused on acting, she is still signed to Los Angeles agency Nous Models Management.
She won the role of Erika Spalding in 2004, relocating to Los Angeles to film the series.
Fry graduated from Notre Dame High School in 1999, along with fellow actors Rami Malek and Rachel Bilson.

 Taylor Roberts Taylor Roberts is an American actress, poet, and founder of Porphyrogene Skincare.
She is known for her roles as Rachel Clark on AMC's and Camilla Barnes on Law and Order Criminal Intent.
The Bowman-Taylor family has a rich heritage in Virginia having first settled much of the land south of the James River.
Her late grandfather was a cousin of actress Dame Elizabeth Taylor though they never met.
The film also starred Lauren Ambrose, Amy Madigan, Christopher Lloyd and John Savage.
She is a graduate of University of North Carolina School of the Arts where she studied Ballet and Drama. 
She is the daughter of Patricia , an MIT administrator, and Robert J. Schilling, a former prosecutor.
She grew up in West Roxbury and Wayland, splitting time between her divorced parents.
While attempting to break into acting, she supported herself by working as a nanny for a Manhattan-based family.
Initially a model, Spreitler later booked her first commercial audition, a national campaign for Motrin.
This was followed by a series of spots, including JIF, Hess, and Chuck E. Cheese's.
An accomplished singer, Spreitler sang during a pre-game show for the Liberty Bowl on ESPN.
Her last episode aired at the end of June 2010 after she was released from her contract.
The show won Favorite TV Cable Comedy at People's Choice Awards January 7, 2015.
The Kindred Foundation for Adoption is an American foundation created by adoptees Samantha Futerman and Jenna Ushkowitz.
In 2003, Swift and her parents started working with New York-based music manager Dan Dymtrow.
The novel talks about a mother who wants a son but instead has a girl.
Swift saw Rose performing at an RCA songwriter event and suggested that they write together.
She was also nominated for a 2008 Grammy Award in the category of Best New Artist, but lost to Amy Winehouse.
As part of the 105-date Fearless Tour, Swift played shows in North America, Europe, Australia and Asia.
The tour was attended by more than 1.1 million fans and grossed over $63 million.
Swift also performed as a supporting act for Keith Urban's Escape Together World Tour.
In addition to tour dates, the singer paid tribute to a number of fellow artists in televised performances.
This girl writes the songs that make the whole world sing, like Neil Diamond or Elton John ...
Swift was the youngest ever artist to win the Academy of Country Music's Album of the Year honor.
The American Music Awards honored Swift with Artist of the Year and Favorite Country Album plaudits.
It was released as the album's lead single and, as of January 2013, has sold over 1.4 million copies in the U.S.
HAIM, Vance Joy, Shawn Mendes and James Bay are planned to appear as the support acts for various legs of the tour.
Also that year, she received the Dick Clark Award for Excellence at the American Music Awards.
One of Swift's earliest musical memories is listening to her maternal grandmother, Marjorie Finlay, sing at church.
In her youth, Finlay was a television host in Puerto Rico, and performed in operas in Thailand and Singapore.
Later, her parents exposed her to artists such as James Taylor, Simon & Garfunkel and Def Leppard.
Swift has said she owes her confidence to her mother, who helped her prepare for class presentations as a child.
Swift admired the Dixie Chicks's defiant attitude and their ability to play their own instruments.
Swift also admires alt-country artists such as Ryan Adams, Patty Griffin, and Lori McKenna.
In her high school years, Swift listened to emo bands such as Dashboard Confessional, Fall Out Boy, and Jimmy Eat World.
The singer herself has said that all her songs are not factual and are often based on observations.
Swift possesses a light-lyric soprano vocal range of two octaves from E3 to F#5.
In the early years of her career, Swift's signature look consisted of sundresses and cowboy boots.
This fashion style is still copied by many of the young fans who attend her concerts.
I've sat in this room with her before and heard a song she was constructing on the spot and it was unbelievable.
She also received praise from Drake, Tegan and Sara, Grimes, Kesha, Katy Perry, Kelly Clarkson and Lady Gaga.
She became a spokesperson for the NHL's Nashville Predators and Sony Cyber-shot digital cameras.
Swift became a CoverGirl spokesmodel, launched two Elizabeth Arden fragrances, Wonderstruck and Wonderstruck Enchanted.
While promoting 1989, Swift had tie-ins with Subway, Keds, Target and Diet Coke.
Museum officials named it The Taylor Swift Education Center and the singer is involved in an advisory capacity.
The money was used to buy books, fund educational programs and help pay teachers' salaries.
In 2014, she appeared in a READ campaign and took part in another Scholastic webcast, broadcast in US classrooms.
Later that year, she donated $100,000 to the Red Cross to help the victims of the Iowa flood of 2008.
In response to the May 2010 Tennessee floods, Swift donated $500,000 during a telethon hosted by WSMV.
In 2012, Swift supported Architecture for Humanity's Restore the Shore MTV telethon in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy.
The singer is involved with a number of charities which provide services to sick children.
The song was made available for digital download, with all proceeds donated to cancer-related charities.
Swift has encouraged young people to volunteer in their local community as part of Global Youth Service Day.
Swift's younger brother, Austin, is a graduate of the University of Notre Dame and has acted in college productions.
Swift's main residence is a duplex penthouse in the Tribeca neighborhood of New York City.
Swift dated musician Joe Jonas from July to October 2008, and actor Taylor Lautner from October to December 2009.
Swift did not date in 2013 after January, or in 2014, citing an unwillingness to deal with additional media attention.
Swift has spent time with the Kennedy family and has spoken of her admiration for Ethel Kennedy.
Swift is also the most awarded artist at the Teen Choice Awards, with 25 awards.
As a songwriter, she has been honored by the Nashville Songwriters Association and the Songwriters Hall of Fame.
 Tayva Patch Tayva Patch is an actress who has played the role of Lucy Mack Smith in many films.
Tbilisi's varied history is reflected in its architecture, which is a mix of medieval, classical, and Soviet structures.
According to an old legend, the present-day territory of Tbilisi was covered by forests as late as 458.
Tbilisi was not the capital of a unified Georgian state at that time and did not include the territory of Colchis.
By the end of the 12th century, the population of Tbilisi had reached 100,000.
In 1236, after suffering crushing defeats to the Mongols, Georgia came under Mongol domination.
From 1477 to 1478 the city was held by the Ak Koyunlu tribesmen of Uzun Hassan.
At this point, sensing that Georgia could not hold up against Iran alone, Erekle sought the help of Russia.
By the 1850s Tbilisi once again emerged as a major trade and a cultural center.
After this, Tbilisi functioned as the capital of the Democratic Republic of Georgia until 25 February 1921.
From 1918 to 1919 the city was also consecutively home to a German and British military headquarters.
In the 1970s and the 1980s the old part of the city was considerably reconstructed.
Peaceful protests occurred in 1978, and in 1989 the April 9 tragedy was a peaceful protest that turned violent.
Since the break-up of the Soviet Union, Tbilisi has experienced periods of significant instability and turmoil.
Even during the Shevardnadze Era , crime and corruption became rampant at most levels of society.
Average citizens of Tbilisi started to become increasingly disillusioned with the existing quality of life in the city .
During the 2008 South Ossetia war the Tbilisi area was hit by multiple Russian air attacks.
The Mayor of Tbilisi is David Narmania and the Chairman of the Tbilisi city Assembly is Giorgi Alibegashvili.
This subdivision was established under Soviet rule in the 1930s, following the general subdivision of the Soviet Union.
The natural first level of subdivision of the city is into the Right Bank and the Left Bank of the Mt'k'vari.
The names of the oldest neighbourhoods go back to the early Middle Ages and sometimes pose a great linguistic interest.
Tbilisi is located in the South Caucasus at 41° 43' North Latitude and 44° 47' East Longitude.
The elevation of the city ranges from and has the shape of an amphitheatre surrounded by mountains on three sides.
The mountains, therefore, are a significant barrier to urban development on the right bank of the Mt'k'vari River.
To the north of the city, there is a large reservoir fed by irrigation canals.
The city's climate is influenced both by dry air masses from the east and oceanic air masses from the west.
Since 2004, the city government has taken new initiatives to curb uncontrolled construction projects with mixed success.
The Axis Towers, Redix Chavchavadze 64, and the new Ajara Hotel skyscrapers in the Caucasus.
The Parliament and the government buildings of Georgia, as well as the Supreme Court of Georgia, are in Tbilisi.
Direct trains cover the route between Tbilisi central station and the airport in 35 minutes.
Due to the uneven ground, the rail lines run above ground level in some areas.
Tbilisi had a tram network, since 1883 starting from horse driven trams and from 25 December 1904 electric tramway.
In addition to the city, several lines also serve the surrounding countryside of Tbilisi.
Since 2012, Tbilisi has a modern, high capacity cable car which operates between Europe Square and Narikala.
The biggest Georgian university is Tbilisi State University which was established on 8 February 1918.
Over 35,000 students are enrolled and the number of faculty and staff is approximately 5,000.
Georgia's main and largest technical university, Georgian Technical University, is in Tbilisi.
Georgian Technical University was founded in 1922 as a polytechnic faculty of the Tbilisi State University.
It was established in 2005 and soon became a market leader within Georgian educational sector.
In 2010, the UG received financing from OPIC for development of the University's infrastructure and technical equipment.
Clive was abandoned as a child, and was cared for by a series of institutions and foster homes.
Together they have a daughter Talia Caldwell, who played college basketball at the University of California, Berkeley.
In 2011, Redmann supported the Dream Again Campaign for Love146, to combat Child Sex Slavery & Exploitation. 
Thurman was one of the 22 who auditioned, but she lost the gig to two professional musicians.
In the mid-1950s, she was lampooned by Edie Adams on various shows hosted by Ernie Kovacs.
Sammy Davis, Jr. hired Thurman to introduce him when he played Harrah's, Lake Tahoe in April 1961.

 Temi Epstein Temi Le Anne Epstein is an American former child actress active in the middle 1980s.
 Tempest Storm Tempest Storm is an American exotic dancer, burlesque star and motion picture actress.
She is regarded as having one of the longest careers as a burlesque performer, spanning more than 60 years.
By the age of 20, she had already been married and divorced twice and decided to go to Hollywood.
She adopted the stage name Tempest Storm around 1950 and changed it legally in 1957.
In 1955, while working at the Tropics Nightclub in Denver, Tempest visited the University of Colorado's Boulder campus.
A few months later she moved over to the Capital Theater down the street after her then-husband John Becker bought it.
In 1999 she stripped in San Francisco's O'Farrell Theatre to mark the club's 30-year anniversary.
 Teresa Ganzel Teresa Ganzel is an American television, comedian, and voice over/film actress.

 Teresa Maxwell-Conover Teresa Maxwell-Conover was an actress in Broadway productions in the early 20th century.
The stage's impression of reality was heightened by a fine reproduction of a Childs Restaurant.
Conrad Nagel was in the cast when the play came to the Lexington Theatre ), 571 Lexington Avenue in October.
During the first two acts Stevens' character resolves to bear a child without being married.
Her neighbors are further startled when Stevens delivers her baby, which comes to light in the comedy's second portion.
He wrote that the production reminded him of the finest he had witnessed at the Morosco Theatre.
The costume was completed by a string of brown wooden beads and a flat sailor hat.
She continued to play in theatrical productions after her motion picture career hit full stride in the 1920s.
Hammerstein played a woman who strives to maintain her family's finances despite having a mother who squanders money.
Maxwell-Conover is cast as a Long Island society woman in the First National Pictures comedy.

She grew up in Maplewood, New Jersey, where she attended Columbia High School.
She took over the role when Scott left for Hollywood to film the on-screen version of the play.
Wright is one of only nine players who have been nominated in both categories in the same year.
Her three Academy Award nominations and one Academy Award in her first three films remains a rare accomplishment.
She remains the only performer to have received Academy Award nominations for her first three films.
Despite the poor box-office showing of these films, Wright was usually praised for her performances.
Toward the end of the decade, Wright began to work more frequently in television and theatre.
Teresa Wright died on March 6, 2005 of a heart attack at Yale-New Haven Hospital in Connecticut at the age of 86.
They were divorced in 1978, but maintained a close relationship until the end of her life.
In 1998, Smith accompanied his grandmother to Yankee Stadium when she was invited to throw the ceremonial first pitch.
In the 1990s Copley became a born-again Christian and slowly eased her way out of celebrity Hollywood.
She was previously married to Micki Free and Christopher Mayer, and has a child by each of her first two marriages. 
Her mother, Phyllis Lind , was a dancer, a Rockette, wardrobe mistress, and model.
Early in her career she was credited as Terri Garr, Terry Garr, Teri Hope, or Terry Carr.
In November 2005, Garr was honored as the society's Ambassador of the Year.
On December 21, 2006, she suffered a ruptured brain aneurysm in her home.
However, because of her battle with multiple sclerosis, Garr has had recent trouble finding acting work.
 Teri Hatcher Teri Lynn Hatcher is an American actress, writer, presenter, and former NFL cheerleader.
Her father is of British and Irish descent and her mother is of half Syrian and also Czech and Irish ancestry.
and attended Mango Junior High , Fremont High School in Sunnyvale and De Anza College in Cupertino.
Stone pleaded guilty to four counts of child molestation and was sentenced to 14 years in prison.
Stone died of colon cancer on August 19, 2008, having served six years of his sentence.
One of her early jobs was as an NFL cheerleader with the San Francisco 49ers.
She portrayed a 26-year-old lawyer in an affair with a widowed businessman twice her age, played by Robert Loggia.
The series had a brief run on CBS that summer, but was not renewed.
Hatcher was three months pregnant at the filming's start, by her then husband, Jon Tenney.
She was voted the world's sexiest woman by readers of popular men's magazine FHM in the same year.
She returned to play Sidra in two subsequent episodes, The Pilot, and The Finale .
Hatcher appeared in a series of Radio Shack television commercials alongside NFL player Howie Long.
As of April 2006, Hatcher was one of the highest paid television actresses in the United States.
The episode continued a tradition of former Lois Lane actresses portraying the character's mother many years later.
However, after the show concluded in 2012, media sources revealed an apparent rift with her co-stars.
It has been widely speculated that the cast did not get along well with Hatcher.
Hatcher married Marcus Leithold on June 4, 1988; they divorced the following year.
She insisted her promotion of CityLips' lip plumper did not affect the Hydroderm deal.

Her mother, Jane , is a homemaker, and her father, Vincent Polo, is a stereo systems designer.
After winning a modeling contest, she moved to New York City at the age of seventeen to pursue an acting career.
In 2006, while on the set of a video, Polo met drummer Jamie Wollam .
In April 2014, Polo filed for bankruptcy, declaring less than $50,000 in assets and debts in excess of $800,000. 
Weigel was born in Fort Lauderdale, Florida and grew up in Deerfield Beach, Florida.
She began modeling while in her teens, appearing in the Saks Fifth Avenue catalog among other venues.
Weigel and Maglio spoke to their neighbors, Fred and Patti Lincoln, who produced adult films.
To enhance her career viability, Weigel underwent breast augmentation, enlarging her breasts to 36DD.
Weigel's new career also hurt her relationship with her family, as her parents stopped speaking to her by 1992.
In 2000, Playboy sued Weigel over her use of the Playboy logo on her website.
 Terri Conn Terri Conn , formerly known as Terri Colombino, is an American actress.
She is the only child of a retired U.S. Air Force officer father and a real estate agent mother.
In 2001, Conn received a Daytime Emmy Award nomination in the category of Outstanding Younger Actress.
In addition, she had fifteen cats of her own, several birds and a dog.
The Irwins had two children: daughter Bindi Sue on 24 July 1998, and son Robert Clarence on 1 December 2003.
We love our little girl, we go home to each other at night, and we believe in what we are doing.
He was filming an underwater documentary at the time at Batt Reef near Port Douglas in Queensland.
Irwin, American by birth, became an Australian citizen on November 15, 2009 in a tribute to her husband Steve.
Ivens was engaged to baseball first baseman, David Segui, but they broke off the engagement in 2003.
She married Mark Osgood on July 2, 2004, but in 2013, Ivens revealed that she is divorced.
Her favorite teams include the San Francisco 49ers, the Los Angeles Lakers and the San Antonio Spurs.
Other non-sports related hobbies include creative writing and poetry, photography and arts & crafts.

In 1978, she left her hometown for a summer in Mexico City as a foreign exchange student.
After 18 months of modeling, she studied acting with Kate McGregor Stewart while still modeling on the side.
The asteroid 26734 Terryfarrell, discovered in 2001, was named in her honor by its discoverer, William Kwong Yu Yeung. 
Growing up on the Island, Finn attended St. Pius X Elementary School in Plainview.
She attended high school at Queen of the Rosary Academy in Amityville where she studied to go on to a teaching career.
Produced by Dick Clark Productions and directed by Marty Passeta, Jr., it aired on September 15, 1989.
Finn married motion picture production designer David L. Snyder on August 1, 1990 on Central Park West in New York City.
They have a son Finn Henry Snyder who was born in Beverly Hills, California on October 2, 1997.
 Terry Moore Helen Luella Koford , better known as Terry Moore, is an American film and television actress.
Moore was billed as Judy Ford, Jan Ford, and January Ford before taking Terry Moore as her name in 1948.
Moore's first marriage, in 1951 to American football player and Heisman Trophy winner Glenn Davis, lasted one year.
Following the dissolution of this marriage in 1972, Moore did not remarry for 20 years.
She died of diabetes in Brooklyn, New York, on January 3, 1950 Vaudeville.
She was introduced to the vaudeville stage by Lew Leslie, who gave her the stage name of Aunt Jemima.
For her final performance, she returned to vaudeville, playing the Palace once more in 1949.
She had given up hopes of an acting career and was working for a financial institution in Texas.
The institution wanted to produce a TV spot and asked Tessie to be in the spot which she accepted.
Actor Robert Duvall, who played the lead role of Mac Sledge, did his best to help Harper in her first film role.
After filming, Duvall said Harper did a very good job, and he felt her rural past in Arkansas helped her in the part.
Her roles have frequently been that of a Southern lady, although she had worked to lose her Arkansas accent.
Allen left General Hospital when Julie Marie Berman took over the role in fall 2005 to play a SORASed Lulu.
Here she was reunited with on-screen mom Karen Geraghty who had also played Allen's mother in her 2003 Jif commercial.
For her role as Emily in this short film, Allen was nominated for best supporting actress.
In March 2007, Allen shot a Doritos commercial which featured the music group The Black Eyed Peas.
a story about a father and daughter learning to deal with the grief of their wife /www.tessa-allen.com 
In September of that year, Ludwick attended the first grade at Apollo Beach Elementary.
After this successful career, she starred in Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide as Jennifer Tu.
Where she made it to the final round and won $77,000, beating Jill. 

Guinan was one of seven siblings born in Waco, Texas, to Irish-Canadian immigrants Michael and Bessie Guinan.
She claimed she had a sojourn in France, entertaining the troops during World War I.
Ruby Keeler and George Raft were discovered as dancers at the club by Broadway and Hollywood talent scouts.
They shared a building in the basement of which she had a speakeasy called Club Intime.
The middle floor was Leyendecker's studio, and the top floor was where she hid the bar.
She made a sally towards Europe, but her reputation preceded her, and she was denied entry at every European sea port.
Bandleader Paul Whiteman was a pallbearer along with two of her former lawyers and writer Heywood Broun.
Her mother died at age 101 in 1959 and her father was 79 years old at his death in 1935.
When the original church was demolished in 2004, the tabernacle was preserved for the new church built on the site.
Raft campaigned to cast Guinan herself, but the studio opted for West since she was nine years younger.
Madonna had a musical in the works in late 2004 with herself in the lead role.
The show was directed and choreographed by Larry Fuller and closed after its run in Wallingford.
About a third of the population lives below the international poverty line of US$1.25 a day.
Arab traders provided the first written accounts of the Gambia area in the ninth and tenth centuries.
At the beginning of the fourteenth century, most of what is today called Gambia was part of the Mali Empire.
The Portuguese reached this area by sea in the mid-fifteenth century, and they began to dominate overseas trade.
In 1618, King James I of England granted a charter to an English company for trade with the Gambia and the Gold Coast .
In the ensuing years, Banjul was at times under the jurisdiction of the British Governor General in Sierra Leone.
During World War II, some soldiers fought with the Allies of World War II.
Banjul contained an airstrip for the US Army Air Forces and a port of call for Allied naval convoys.
Following general elections in 1962, the United Kingdom granted full internal self-governance in the following year.
Shortly thereafter, the national government held a referendum proposing that the country become a republic.
On 24 April 1970, the Gambia became a republic within the Commonwealth, following a second referendum.
President Jawara immediately requested military aid from Senegal, which deployed 400 troops to the Gambia on 31 July.
By 6 August, some 2,700 Senegalese troops had been deployed, defeating the rebel force.
In 1982, in the aftermath of the 1981 attempted coup, Senegal and the Gambia signed a treaty of confederation.
The Gambia is a very small and narrow country whose borders mirror the meandering Gambia River.
The Gambia is less than wide at its widest point, with a total area of .
In comparative terms the Gambia has a total area slightly less than that of the island of Jamaica.
Senegal surrounds the Gambia on three sides, with of coastline on the Atlantic Ocean marking its western extremity.
The present boundaries were defined in 1889 after an agreement between the United Kingdom and France.
Each election was won by The People's Progressive Party , headed by Dawda Jawara.
A presidential election took place in September 1996, in which Yahya Jammeh won 56% of the vote.
The legislative elections held in January 1997 were dominated by the APRC, which captured 33 out of 45 seats.
The voting was generally regarded as free and fair, though events from the run-up raised criticism from some.
Some believe the planned coup was fabricated by the President for his own purposes, but no proof has been found.
One of the convicted, a businessman, disappeared while in custody awaiting his appeal.
These elections, which were not monitored by ECOWAS, returned Jammeh to another 5-year term.
On 22 August 2012, the Gambia announced it would execute all death-row convicts, 42 men and 2 women, by September 2012.
The Gambia followed a formal policy of nonalignment throughout most of former President Jawara's tenure.
It maintained close relations with the United Kingdom, Senegal, and other African countries.
The Gambia has also sought to mediate disputes in nearby Guinea-Bissau and the neighbouring Casamance region of Senegal.
The Government of the Gambia believes Senegal was complicit in the March 2006 failed coup attempt.
The subsequent worsening of the human rights situation has placed increasing strains of US–Gambian relations.
With the withdrawal of most of this aid, the Army has received renewed assistance from Turkey and others.
The Gambia contributed 150 troops to Liberia in 2003 as part of the ECOMIL contingent.
In 2004, the Gambia contributed a 196-man contingent to the African Union – United Nations Hybrid Operation in Darfur.
Of these, Kanifing and Kombo Saint Mary are effectively part of the Greater Banjul area.
The World Bank pegs Gambian GDP for 2011 at US$898M; the International Monetary Fund puts it at US$977M for 2011.
From 2006 to 2012, the Gambian economy grew annually at a pace of 5–6% of GDP.
Agriculture accounts for roughly 30% of gross domestic product and employs about 70% of the labour force.
Previously, the United Kingdom and other EU countries constituted the major Gambian domestic export markets.
However, in recent years Senegal, the United States, and Japan have become significant trade partners of the Gambia.
Globally, Denmark, the United States, and China have become important source countries for Gambian imports.
The UK, Germany, Ivory Coast, and the Netherlands also provide a fair share of Gambian imports.
As of May 2009, there were twelve commercial banks in the Gambia, including one Islamic bank.
This index compares life expectancy, years of schooling, gross national income per capita and some other factors.
A variety of ethnic groups live in the Gambia, each preserving its own language and traditions.
The Krio people, locally known as Akus, constitute one of the smallest ethnic minorities in the Gambia.
They are descendants of the Sierra Leone Creole people and have been traditionally concentrated in the capital.
Other languages are Mandinka, Wolof, Fula, Serer, Krio and other indigenous vernaculars.
Public expenditure was at 1.8% of the GDP in 2004, whereas private expenditure was at 5.0%.
Life expectancy at birth was at 59.9 for females in 2005 and for males at 57.7.
Article 25 of the Constitution protects the rights of citizens to practise any religion that they choose.
Islam is the predominant religion, practised by approximately ninety percent of the country's population.
The remaining 1.97 percent of the population adheres to indigenous beliefs, such as the Serer religion.
Due to immigration from South Asia, there is a presence of Buddhists, Hindus and followers of the Bahá'í Faith.
Although the Gambia is the smallest country on mainland Africa, its culture is the product of very diverse influences.
in which she replaced Pearl Bailey more than 100 times and became the fully billed matinee star.
Her second husband was Marmaduke Furness, 1st Viscount Furness , the chairman of Furness Shipping Company.
Reacting to the Prince's coldness later that year she threw herself into a short-lived affair with Prince Aly Khan.
She was buried next to her twin sister, Gloria, in Holy Cross Cemetery in Culver City, California. 
As a youth, she lived not far from the motion picture studios and was noticed by both Sennett and Dick Jones.
During her school years, she did atmosphere and bits on Saturdays and Sundays and during vacation time.
Thelma Hill died at the Edward Merrill Sanitarium in Culver City, California, in 1938.
 Thelma Leeds Thelma Leeds , also known as Thelma Bernstein, was an American actress.
Leeds was born Thelma Goodman in New York City, to Katie and Joseph Goodman, Russian Jewish immigrants.
Leeds died at her home in Beverly Hills, California of natural causes, aged 95.
Ritter did stock theater and radio shows early in her career, without much impact.
Ritter died of a heart attack in New York City, just nine days before her 67th birthday.
In 1954, Thelma Ritter co-hosted the Oscar ceremony, notably trading wisecracks with Bob Hope.
However, in her late teens, she began entering beauty pageants, winning the title of Miss Massachusetts in 1925.
In 1931 she was given her own series, teaming with ZaSu Pitts for slapstick comedies.
This was her last film; she died after completing all of her scenes, but most of them were re-shot.
Producer Roach deleted all of Todd's dialogue and limited her appearance to one musical number.
Carmen's house was approximately a block from the topmost side of Todd's restaurant.
Todd had a wide circle of friends and associates as well as a busy social life.
At the restaurant, she had had a brief but unpleasant exchange with her ex-husband, Pat DiCicco.
She was driven home from the party in the early hours of December 15 by her chauffeur.
A Coroner's Inquest into Todd's death was held on December 18, 1935.
Subsequently a grand jury probe was held to determine whether Todd's death was a murder.
After four weeks of testimony, the inquiry was closed with no evidence of murder being brought forward.
However, investigators were unable to find any motive for suicide or a suicide note.
She was married three times, first to radio star Claude Stroud for five years, then a brief marriage to Max Hoffman, Jr.
Her final marriage, to actor and costume designer Tony Millard, lasted for several decades.
The film gained a following on college campuses for its campy nature as well as its crazed depiction of marijuana use.
She and her band went to Alaska on several occasions with Rose Hobart and Carmen Miranda.
Although she did partially recover and appeared in a few late 40's films, her acting career was essentially over.
Together with her band, she released the most famous hit Shoo Shoo Ya Mama in January 1946.
White later worked as an agent, representing such actors as Robert Blake and James Coburn.
She had no children, and spent most of her time with her Mexican Hairless Dogs.
White died of pneumonia in the Motion Picture and Television Hospital on January 11, 2005 at age 94. 
 Theo Kogan Theo Kogan is an American singer, songwriter, model, and actress.
She is most well known for being the vocalist of the all girl punk band, Lunachicks.
She is married to Sean Pierce, the guitarist of Theo & the Skyscrapers and the Toilet Böys.
She has also been on a few TV shows; , Third Watch and The Jon Stewart Show.
Theo Kogan has modelled in ad campaigns for Calvin Klein, Rimmel, and recently Kenneth Cole. 
A leader of the Republican Party, he was a leading force of the Progressive Era.
He entered politics, becoming the leader of the reform faction of Republicans in New York's state legislature.
Following the deaths of his wife and mother, he escaped to the wilderness and operated a cattle ranch in the Dakotas.
A frustrated party establishment made him McKinley's running mate in the election of 1900.
In foreign policy, he concentrated on Central America, where he began construction of the Panama Canal.
His successful efforts to end the Russo-Japanese War won him the 1906 Nobel Peace Prize.
Frustrated at home, Roosevelt led a two-year expedition in the Amazon, nearly dying of tropical disease.
Although he planned to run again for president in 1920, his health quickly deteriorated, and he died in early 1919.
His face adorns Mount Rushmore alongside those of George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, and Abraham Lincoln.
He had an older sister, Anna , a younger brother, Elliott, and a younger sister, Corinne.
Elliott was the father of First Lady Anna Eleanor Roosevelt, the wife of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
Family trips abroad, including tours of Europe in 1869 and 1870, and Egypt in 1872, also had a lasting impact.
Hiking with his family in the Alps in 1869, Roosevelt found that he could keep pace with his father.
He had discovered the significant benefits of physical exertion to minimize his asthma and bolster his spirits.
After recovering from devastation over his father's death on February 9, 1878, Roosevelt doubled his activities.
He did well in science, philosophy, and rhetoric courses but continued to struggle in Latin and Greek.
While at Harvard, Roosevelt participated in rowing and boxing; he was once runner-up in a Harvard boxing tournament.
On June 30, 1880, Roosevelt graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Harvard with an A.B.
Assisted by two uncles, he scrutinized original source materials and official US Navy records.
His mother, Mittie, had died of typhoid fever eleven hours earlier at 3:00 a.m., in the same house.
Distraught, Roosevelt left baby Alice in the care of his sister Bamie in New York City while he grieved.
For the rest of his life, he rarely spoke about his wife Alice and did not write about her in his autobiography.
Roosevelt was soon put forth as the Republican party's candidate for the District's House seat in Albany.
He was a member of the New York State Assembly in 1882, 1883 and 1884.
In 1884, he lost the nomination for Speaker to Titus Sheard by a vote of 41 to 29 in the GOP caucus.
Roosevelt was also Chairman of the Committee on Affairs of Cities; he wrote more bills than any other legislator.
The GOP preferred New York City's Chester Arthur, who was known as a spoilsman.
Roosevelt fought hard and succeeded in influencing the Manhattan delegates in the state convention at Utica.
He was also impressed by an invitation to speak before an audience of ten thousand, the largest up to that date.
He debated the pros and cons of staying loyal with his political friend, Henry Cabot Lodge.
Roosevelt built a second ranch named Elk Horn, thirty-five miles north of the boomtown of Medora, North Dakota.
He assumed guard over them for forty hours without sleep, while reading Leo Tolstoy to keep himself awake.
When he ran out of his own books, he read a dime store western that one of the thieves was carrying.
English diplomat Cecil Arthur Spring Rice, Roosevelt's close friend, served as best man.
In the 1888 presidential election, Roosevelt successfully campaigned, primarily in the Midwest, for Benjamin Harrison.
President Harrison appointed Roosevelt to the United States Civil Service Commission, where he served until 1895.
While in office, Roosevelt vigorously fought the spoilsmen and demanded enforcement of civil service laws.
Soon after he declined, he realized that he had missed an opportunity to reinvigorate a dormant political career.
He explained his priorities to one of the Navy's planners in late 1897: War in Cuba.
After securing modern multiple-round Krag smokeless carbines, Lieutenant Colonel Roosevelt arrived on May 15.
The Rough Riders used some standard issue gear and some of their own design, purchased with gift money.
The Rough Riders were part of the cavalry division commanded by former Confederate general Joseph Wheeler.
It was one of three divisions in the V Corps under Lieutenant General William Rufus Shafter.
Roosevelt and his men departed Tampa on June 13, landed in Daiquiri, Cuba, on June 23, 1898, and marched to Siboney.
Roosevelt was promoted to colonel and took command of the regiment when Wood was put in command of the brigade.
He was forced to walk up the last part of Kettle Hill, because his horse had been entangled in barbed wire.
He campaigned vigorously on his war record, winning the 1898 state election by a historical margin of 1%.
He was exposed to the problems of trusts, monopolies, labor relations, and conservation.
Platt insisted that he be consulted; Roosevelt appeared to comply, but then made his own decisions.
Historians marvel that Roosevelt managed to appoint so many first-rate men with Platt's approval.
In November 1899, William McKinley's first Vice-President Garret Hobart died of heart failure.
They supported him for Vice President, and no one else of prominence was actively seeking that job.
McKinley refused to consider Roosevelt as Secretary of War, but saw no risk in making him Vice President.
Roosevelt accepted the nomination, although his campaign manager, Mark Hanna, thought Roosevelt was too cowboy-like.
The office of Vice President was a powerless sinecure, and did not suit Roosevelt's aggressive temperament.
With the nation basking in peace and prosperity, the voters gave McKinley an even larger landslide than in 1896.
On September 6, President McKinley was shot by an anarchist acting alone while in Buffalo, New York.
McKinley died on September 14, and Roosevelt was sworn in at the Ansley Wilcox House.
The following month, Roosevelt invited Booker T. Washington to dinner at the White House.
To his dismay, this sparked a bitter, and at times vicious, reaction across the heavily segregated South.
Roosevelt reacted with astonishment and protest, saying that he looked forward to many future dinners with Washington.
In May 1902, anthracite coal miners went on strike, threatening a national energy shortage.
The Meat Inspection Act of 1906 banned misleading labels and preservatives that contained harmful chemicals.
The Pure Food and Drug Act banned food and drugs that were impure or falsely labeled from being made, sold, and shipped.
The tensions were ended, but Japan also agreed not to allow unskilled workers to emigrate to the U.S. Latin America.
Roosevelt's attention concerning Latin American turmoil was heightened by his plans for building a canal.
When the Panamanians learned of this, a rebellion followed, was supported by Roosevelt, and succeeded.
A treaty with the new Panama government for construction of the canal was then reached in 1903.
The grateful press, with unprecedented access to the White House, rewarded Roosevelt with ample coverage.
While out of office, he made a living as a writer and magazine editor.
Ever since 1904, he had been periodically criticized for the manner in which he facilitated the Panama Canal.
The control and management of the Republican Party lay in the hands of chairman Mark Hanna until McKinley's death.
Roosevelt then turned to his own man, George B. Cortelyou of New York, the first Secretary of Commerce and Labor.
He also attempted to manage the press's release of White House statements by forming the Ananias Club.
Lodge empathized with Roosevelt, and therefore declined an offer to become Secretary of State.
More trouble came when Taft fired Roosevelt's friend and appointee Gifford Pinchot, a leading conservationist.
Pinchot alleged that Taft's Secretary of the Interior, Richard Ballinger, was in league with big timber interests.
Osawatomie was well known as the base used by John Brown when he launched his bloody attacks on slavery.
Roosevelt famously refused to shoot a defenseless black bear that had been tied to a tree.
Russell was born Theresa Paup in San Diego, California, the daughter of Carole Platt and Jerry Russell Paup.
He was elected the second Vice President of the United States and the third President of the United States .
His keen interest in religion and philosophy also earned him the presidency of the American Philosophical Society.
Besides English, he was well versed in Latin, Greek, French, Italian and Spanish.
Jefferson died at his home on the fiftieth anniversary of the adoption of the Declaration of Independence.
Jefferson was born the third of ten children, on April 13, 1743 , at the family home in Shadwell, Virginia.
His father was Peter Jefferson, a planter and surveyor who died when Jefferson was fourteen.
His mother was Jane Randolph, daughter of Isham Randolph, a ship's captain and planter.
Peter Jefferson died in 1757, and the Jefferson estate was divided between Peter's two sons, Thomas and Randolph.
In 1752, he began attending a local school run by a Scottish Presbyterian minister.
At age nine, he initiated his study of Latin, Greek, and French; he learned to ride horses, and began nature studies.
Small introduced him to the British Empiricists including John Locke, Francis Bacon and Isaac Newton.
After the British burned the Library of Congress that year, he sold more than 6,000 books to the Library for $23,950.
Jefferson was admitted to the Virginia bar in 1767 and then lived with his mother at Shadwell.
He proved more willing to reform slavery in his early career than later when he became a more substantial slaveholder.
As a consolation, Jefferson gave Howell some money, conceivably used to aid his escape shortly thereafter.
Construction was done mostly by local masons and carpenters, assisted by Jefferson's slaves.
After her father John Wayles died in 1773, Martha and her husband inherited 135 slaves, and the debts of his estate.
Martha later suffered from ill health, including diabetes, and frequent childbirth further weakened her.
Martha's mother had died young, and as a girl Martha lived with two stepmothers.
Grief-stricken in his room, he relentlessly paced back and forth for three weeks, nearly to the point of exhaustion.
The work continued throughout most of his presidency, the most notable change being the octagonal dome.
He sought out John Adams who, along with the latter's cousin Samuel, had emerged as a leader of the Congress.
Jefferson and Adams established a permanent friendship which led to Jefferson's work on the Declaration of Independence.
After discussing the general outline of the document, the committee decided that Jefferson would write the first draft.
In 1778, Jefferson was given the task of studying and revising the state's laws.
He escaped the poorly defended city just ahead of the British forces, and the city was burned to the ground.
The inquiry eventually concluded Jefferson had acted with honor, but he was not re-elected.
A second daughter of that name was born the following year but died at age 3.
He also advised formation of the Committee of the States, to fill the power vacuum when Congress was in recess.
Taking his young daughter Patsy and two servants, he departed in July 1784 and arrived in Paris the next month.
To serve the , Jefferson brought some of his slaves, including James Hemings, whom he had trained in French cuisine.
In 1786, Jefferson met and fell in love with Maria Cosway, an accomplished, and married, Italian-English musician of 27.
That year Jefferson suffered a fall and fractured his right wrist, requiring him to write with his left hand for a time.
Soon after Jefferson's return from France, he accepted Washington's invitation to serve as Secretary of State.
The first major issues before the Cabinet were the national debt and the permanent location of the capital.
After much deliberation, the Compromise of 1790 was struck at a private dinner including James Madison.
Seeking a return to private life, Jefferson resigned the cabinet position in December 1793.
The Treaty passed, but Jefferson made sure it was not renewed when it expired in 1805.
As the presiding officer of the Senate, Jefferson assumed a more passive role than Adams had as Vice President.
Due to the tie, the election was decided by the Federalist-dominated House of Representatives.
On February 17, 1801, after thirty-six ballots, the House elected Jefferson President and Burr Vice President.
Despite Federalist dismay, the transition proceeded smoothly, marking a watershed in American history.
Jefferson was sworn in by Chief Justice John Marshall at the new Capitol in Washington DC on March 4, 1801.
He began to dismantle Hamilton's Federalist fiscal system with the help of his Secretary of Treasury, Albert Gallatin.
At the conclusion of his two terms, he had lowered the national debt from $83 million to $57 million.
Jefferson pardoned several of those imprisoned under the Alien and Sedition Acts, including Callender.
The Academy officially opened on July 4, 1802, and began providing trained officers for a professional army.
On April 30, 1802, Jefferson signed a bill to allow Ohio to hold a state constitutional convention.
Ohio became a state on March 1, 1803, the first state admitted under the Northwest Ordinance.
Following the fleet's first engagement, Jefferson successfully asked Congress for a declaration of war.
The purchase doubled the nation's size, and the new territory included some of the most fertile land on Earth.
He also sought to establish a U.S. claim ahead of competing European interests and to find the remote Northwest Passage.
They returned to St. Louis September 23, 1806, having lost only one man to disease.
The expedition obtained a wealth of scientific and geographic knowledge, including knowledge of many Indian tribes.
Burr ended his political career when he mortally wounded Hamilton in a duel at Weehawken that year.
Wilkinson inexplicably renounced the plot and reported Burr's treachery to Jefferson from New Orleans.
By late March 1807 Burr was arrested and charged with treason but was acquitted at trial.
George Clinton replaced Burr as his running mate following Burr's killing of Hamilton in their duel of July that year.
A split developed in the Republican party, led by fellow Virginian John Randolph of Roanoke in March 1806.
Jefferson's popularity further suffered in his second term due to his response to wars in Europe.
Jefferson then led the enactment of the Embargo Act of 1807, directed at both France and Great Britain.
During the revolutionary era the states abolished the international slave trade, but South Carolina reopened it.
In 1807, Congress passed the Act Prohibiting Importation of Slaves, which Jefferson signed.
In the wake of the Louisiana Purchase, Jefferson sought to annex Florida from Spain, as brokered by Napoleon.
The Congressional funding drew criticism from Randolph who believed the money would wind up in coffers of Napoleon.
Jefferson lost clout among fellow Republicans and his use of unofficial Congressional channels was sharply criticized.
The USS Revenge, dispatched to demand an explanation from the British government, was also fired upon.
Jefferson called for a special session of Congress in October to enact an embargo or in the alternative consider war.
In December news arrived that Napoleon had extended the Berlin Decree, globally banning British imports.
But the war fever of the summer faded–Congress had no appetite to prepare the U.S. for war.
Meacham opines that the Embargo Act was a projection of power that surpassed the Alien and Sedition Acts, and R.B.
Instead of retreating, Jefferson sent federal agents to secretly track down smugglers and violators.
Most historians consider Jefferson's embargo to have been ineffective and harmful to American interests.
In December 1807, with his popularity at its lowest ebb, Jefferson announced his intention to not to seek a third term.
Shortly before leaving office in March 1809, Jefferson signed the repeal of the Embargo.
In its place the Non-Intercourse Act was passed, but it proved no more effective.
As he settled into private life at Monticello, Jefferson developed a daily routine of rising early.
In the evenings, his family often recreated in the gardens; late at night, Jefferson would retire to bed with a book.
After Jefferson succeeded Adams as president, the two men did not communicate directly for more than a decade.
The next morning Jefferson, Lafayette and James Madison attended a tour and banquet at the University of Virginia.
Jefferson had someone else read a speech he had prepared for Lafayette, as his voice was weak and could not carry.
In February 1826, he successfully applied to the Virginia legislature to hold a public lottery as a fundraiser.
During the last hours of his life, he was accompanied family members and friends.
Jefferson died deeply in debt, unable to pass on his estate freely to his heirs.
He was also influenced by the writings of Gibbon, Hume, Robertson, Bolingbroke, Montesquieu and Voltaire.
He was convinced that individual liberties were the fruit of equality, threatened only by government.
Excesses of democracy in his view were caused by institutional corruptions rather than human nature.
He acted out of his republican theory that liberty could only be retained in small, homogeneous societies.
He felt that the Federalist system enacted by Washington and Adams had encouraged corrupting patronage and dependence.
He supported public education and a free press as essential components of a democratic nation.
The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants.
Jefferson was influenced by deism, although he generally referred to himself as a Christian.
He was a governing member of his local Episcopal Church, which he attended with his daughters.
Though he felt slavery was harmful to both slave and master, Jefferson continued to use slaves for profit.
The claim that Thomas Jefferson fathered the children of his slave Sally Hemings has been a matter of debate since 1802.
John Wayles, her father and slavemaster, was also the father of Jefferson's wife Martha.
Hemings was three-quarters white and strikingly similar in looks and voice to Jefferson's late wife.
Hemings' first child was conceived while she and Jefferson were in France during his term as US Ambassador.
Five other Hemings family members, including her two remaining sons, were freed by his will upon his death.
His main cash crop was tobacco, but its price was usually low and it was rarely profitable.
Jefferson mastered architecture through self-study, using various books and classical architectural designs of the day.
Jefferson was a member of the American Philosophical Society for 35 years, beginning in 1780.
He became the Society's third president on March 3, 1797, a few months after he was elected U.S. Vice President.
Jefferson served as APS President for the next eighteen years, including through both terms of his presidency.
Linguistics played a significant role in how Jefferson modeled and expressed political and philosophical ideas.
He believed that the study of ancient languages was essential in understanding the roots of modern language.
Jefferson later included Italian and Anglo-Saxon among the languages taught at the University of Virginia.
Jefferson was not a good orator and preferred to communicate through writing or remain silent if possible.
He improved the pedometer, the polygraph , and the moldboard plow, an idea he never patented and gave to posterity.
Jefferson's reputation declined during the American Civil War due to his perceived support of states' rights.
Jefferson has been honored on U.S. Postage since 1856, and was the second president to be featured.
His portrait appears on the U.S. $2 bill, the nickel and a presidential dollar coin.
The Jefferson Memorial was dedicated in Washington, D.C. in 1943, on the 200th anniversary of Jefferson's birth.
The interior of the memorial includes a statue of Jefferson and engravings of passages from his writings.
Her performance was well received by both critics and audiences and brought Birch to international recognition.
Birch took a break from acting to focus on her personal life, but decided to resume her acting career in 2015.
Birch was born in Los Angeles, the eldest child of Jack Birch and Carol Connors.
Her name Thora is derived from the name of the Norse God of thunder and lightning, Thor.
They and child labor representatives were on the set for the shooting of the scene.
She is the daughter of Filipino parents, Audrey Duhinio Janairo, a computer supervisor, and Alexander Janairo, a banker.
The album was nominated for a 2008 Grammy Award under the category Best Hawaiian Music Album.
In 2009, she acted as co-host for the pre-Grammy Awards telecast online event alongside Wayne Brady.
In 1999, she was accused of having an affair with then Toronto Maple Leaf Tie Domi, who was also married.
On November 30, 2002, she married again, this time to photojournalist Simon Wakelin.
On April 2, 2010, Carrere filed for divorce in person at Los Angeles Superior Court.
Their divorce was finalized in August 2010, with the two of them reportedly sharing custody of Bianca.
Tiana’s father moved the family to Fairfax, Virginia in 1966 after the assassination of President Diệm.
He adopted the name Patrick Du Long and became a scriptwriter and newscaster for the Voice of America.
While attending Fairfax High School in Virginia, Tiana honed her interest in both the performing and martial arts.
At Master Jhoon Rhee’s Nationals Tournament in Washington D.C., Tiana met Bruce Lee and became his protege.
Bruce Lee introduced Tiana to his martial arts student, and close friend, Hollywood writer Stirling Silliphant.
Tiana and Stirling Silliphant were married in a ceremony at Chasen’s Restaurant in West Hollywood on July 4, 1974.
As reported by CBS News, the celebrity event included Robert Wagner, Natalie Wood, William Holden and Henry Mancini.
Tiana made her film debut in Sam Peckinpah’s martial-arts thriller The Killer Elite with Robert Duvall and James Caan.
The film critically examined the entanglement of politics and human suffering on the ground during the Vietnam War.
That same year she starred opposite Rod Steiger as Checkers Goldberg in the Kung Fu feature sendup, Catch The Heat.
Martial arts champion Eric Lee collaborated with Tiana on the self-defense segments of the show.
In 1988, Tiana began pre-production on her first film, From Hollywood to Hanoi.
From Hollywood To Hanoi went into theatrical release in 1995, and broadcast on the HBO Cinemax “Vanguard Cinema” series.
The film was also screened on Capitol Hill to help lift the trade embargo by then Senator John Kerry.
Tiana was invited to participate in the International Women's Day with Betty Friedan, Stevie Wonder and Barbara Trent.
The aftermath of the war and trade embargoes left Vietnam the fifth poorest country in the world.
Tiana was also appointed Visiting Assistant Professor in the Department of Film Studies at Dartmouth college in 1993.
Current operations are based at Riva Studios in Ho Chi Minh City, and Hanoi Cinematique.
Tiana also documented the 30th Anniversary Reunion of Associated Press War Photographers in Ho Chi Minh City in 2005.
In 1992, Thiessen graduated as valedictorian at Valley Professional High School in Studio City, Los Angeles.
Thiessen participated in beauty pageants during her childhood and was crowned Miss Junior America in 1987.
 Tiffany Bolling Tiffany Bolling is a retired American actress, best-known for her appearances in cult movies.


Espensen was born in Lianjiang, China on February 10, 1999 and was adopted by American parents.
She cared for her younger siblings while her mother worked overnight at the post office.
The camp was the outlet for her pain and her passion for comedy was sparked.
Tiffany studied dance with Roland Dupree and was a member of the Beverly Hills Mime Troupe.
Tiffany Helm became well known for making appearances on popular TV shows throughout the 80s and 90s 
She became a member of the corps de ballet on March 1, 1918 and a coryphee three years later.
A permanent reminder of Tilly Losch could be seen at Edward James' former home at Monkton, on his West Dean estate.
Dissatisfied with supporting film roles, she continued working as a dancer and choreographer and acted on Broadway.
A severe clinical depression caused Losch to spend time in a sanatorium in Switzerland and abandon dance.
It was during this time that she married Henry Herbert, 6th Earl of Carnarvon.
 Timeline of Presidents of the United States This is a graphical lifespan timeline of Presidents of the United States.
Bockrath tried her hand at acting in the early 1990s and found various bit roles before pursuing hosting.
She also worked for Mattel Toys as co-host to an animated Barbie for the New York Toy Fair.
As of May 2007, Bockrath is married to Emmy Award-winning music composer Velton Ray Bunch.
In January 2008, Bockrath traveled to Egypt, fulfilling the dream destination listed on her Playmate Data Sheet. 
 Tina Caspary Tina Caspary is an American actress, dancer, and choreographer and dance instructor.
As a child then a teen actor in the mid to late 1980's, Caspary had minor roles on television and movies.

She was also a member of the Four King Cousins, a subgroup of the King Family Singers.
Born Christina Yvonne Cole, she is the daughter of Yvonne King and Buddy Cole.
She has a sister, Cathy Green, and four grown children, Volney, Pajeau, Chelsea and Samantha.
Tina Fey broke into comedy as a featured player in the Chicago-based improvisational comedy group The Second City.
In the series, Fey portrays the head writer of a fictional sketch comedy series.
In 2010, Fey was awarded the Mark Twain Prize for American Humor, becoming the youngest-ever recipient of the award.
The duo hosted again the following two years, generating the highest ratings for the annual ceremony in a decade.
Fey was an extra in a 1998 episode, and after watching herself, decided to diet and lost 30 pounds.
In 1999, McKay stepped down as head writer, which led Michaels to approach Fey for the position.
When Fallon left the show in May 2004, he was replaced on Weekend Update by Amy Poehler.
In 2002, Fey suggested a pilot episode for a situation comedy about a cable news network to NBC, which rejected it.
As part of the contract, Fey was to develop a prime-time project to be produced by Broadway Video and NBC Universal.
The network renewed the series for a second season, which began in October 2007.
In 2007, Fey received an Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Actress in a Comedy Series.
The series stars Ellie Kemper as the titular character who escapes from a doomsday cult and moves to New York.
It also stars Fey's former co-star Jane Krakowski, as well as Tituss Burgess and Carol Kane.
On July 16, 2015, the series was nominated for seven Primetime Emmy Awards, including Outstanding Comedy Series.
The film received favorable reviews, and was a box office success, grossing US$129 million worldwide.
In a 2004 interview, Fey expressed that she would like to write and direct movies.
It earned US$173 million outside the U.S. and US$148 million domestically.
The sketch quickly became NBC's most-watched viral video ever, with 5.7 million views by the following Wednesday.
She repeated the appearance the following year, being voted as number one on the list.
In 2007, she was named one of the magazine's Entertainers of the Year, and placed number two in 2008.
She was selected by Barbara Walters as one of America's 10 Most Fascinating People of 2008.
In September 2011, Fey was ranked at the top of Forbes magazine's list of the highest-paid TV actresses.
In June 2010, it was announced Fey would receive a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2011.
Fey's charity work includes support of Autism Speaks, an organization that sponsors autism research.
She was the 2009 national spokesperson for the Light the Night Walk, which benefits the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society.
In April 2009, Fey and Richmond purchased a US$3.4 million apartment on the Upper West Side in New York City.
She has studied Brazilian literature and culture and was an intern at the production company, Good Machine.
Voidstrutter, Holmes' music video company, has produced music videos for Aphex Twin, Blonde Redhead and Pavement.
Holmes taught video at Sidewalks of New York, an after-school program for children in homeless shelters.
 Tina Krause Tina Krause is an American film actress, producer, director, and model.
She has also done some fetish modeling, sometimes under the stage name Mia Copia.
 Tina Majorino Tina Marie Majorino born February 7, 1985) is an American film and television actress.
Her father is of Italian, Cuban, and French descent, and her mother has Scottish, German, and Filipino ancestry.
She has an older brother, Kevin, with whom she has formed a rock band, The AM Project.
Majorino had met Thomas while interviewing him for a report on one of his books.
She played the role of Addy Fisher, a meek and insecure first-year associate at a high profile law firm.

Their son, Renny, graduated from Harvard and served as a Captain in the Marine Corps.
She has competed in eight marathons, including the Honolulu, Los Angeles, New York, and Paris marathons.
It appears this was the first time any game had a 3D virtual memorial dedicated to a player of that same game. 
Yothers was born in Whittier, California, but spent half of the year in Flint, Michigan.
She has three brothers, Jeffrey, Randy and Cory, who all acted in commercials as children.
Additional musicians were Phil Jordan from the Orange County band No Doubt on Trumpet, and a DJ, name unknown.
In 2002, Yothers married an electrician, Robert Kaiser, who had a daughter from a previous marriage.
Born Elizabeth Tipton Walker in New York City, her father was an engineer with Allied Chemical Corporation.
Tirana's average altitude is above sea level and its highest point measures at Mali me Gropa.
The town was located along caravan routes and grew rapidly in importance until the early 19th century.
During this period, the Et'hem Bey Mosque, built by Molla Bey of Petrela, was constructed.
They were Vlachs from villages near Korçë and Pogradec, who settled around modern day Park on the Artificial Lake.
Later, Tirana became a Sub-Prefecture of the newly created Vilayet of Shkodër and Sanjak of Durrës.
On 28 November 1912, the national flag was raised in agreement with Ismail Qemali.
Brasini laid the basis for the modern-day arrangement of the ministerial buildings in the city centre.
In 1924, Tirana was at the centre of a coup d'état led by Fan S. Noli.
It was there that, in September 1928, Zog of Albania was crowned King Zog I, King of the Albanians.
In addition, Tirana served as the venue for the signing, between Fascist Italy and Albania, of the Pact of Tirana.
On 17 November 1944, the town was liberated after a fierce battle between the Communists and German forces.
From 1944 to 1991, the city experienced ordered development with a decline in architectural quality.
The northern portion of the main boulevard was renamed Stalin Boulevard and his statue erected in the city square.
As private car ownership was banned, mass transport consisted mainly of bicycles, trucks and buses.
After Hoxha's death, a pyramidal museum was constructed in his memory by the government.
During this period, Albania was transformed from a centrally planned economy into a market economy.
Enver Hoxha's Museum was dismantled in 1991 and renamed in honor of persecuted activist Pjeter Arbnori.
Personalities visited the capital, such as former U.S. Secretary of State James Baker and Pope John Paul II.
In 1999, following the Kosovo War, Tirana Airport became a NATO airbase, serving its mission in the former Yugoslavia.
Municipal services were expanded, a richer calendar of events introduced and a Municipal Police force established.
Most main roads underwent reconstruction, such the Ring Road , Kavaja Street and the main boulevard.
In 2007, U.S. President George W. Bush marked the first time that such a high ranking American official visited Tirana.
In 2008, the 2008 Gërdec explosions were felt in the capital as windows were shattered and citizens shaken.
The country underwent a territorial reform which unified communes with municipalities leaving 61 of them.
The plan was updated by PADCO in 2002 into a Strategic Plan for Greater Tirana, which covered the metropolitan area.
In 2002, two German consultants, GTZ GmbH , and IOER compiled a development study for the Tirana-Durrës region.
Most of these proposals did not go through the established approval procedures and have unclear legal status.
The preparation of a new master plan for Tirana was under way for almost a decade .
In the meantime, the Municipality announced in 2011 that a new regulatory plan would be prepared within 2012.
In 1901, it had 140,000 olive trees, 400 oil mills, and 700 shops.
Tirana has malls, such as City Park at , QTU, Mega Outlet Albania, and Tirana East Gate.
Over the last decades, air pollution has become a pressing concern as the number of cars has increased.
The work of four new parks began in the summer of 2015 located in: Kashar, Farke, Vaqarr, and Dajt.
these parks are part of the new urban planning striving to increase the concentration of green spaces in the capital.
Tirana is home to the publication of dailies including Shqip, Zëri i Popullit, Shekulli, Gazeta Shqiptare and Koha Jonë.
Tirana's sports infrastructure is developing fast because of the investments from the municipality and the government.
From 2007 Tirana Municipality has built up to 80 sport gardens in most of Tirana's neighborhoods.
The city serves as the meeting point for national roads SH1, SH2 and SH3.
In the near future, Tirana will have a transportation hub combining all transportation in one place near Kashar.
Coach and minibus services also run to the coast and northern and southern Albania from Tirana.
There are no international passenger services, although there is a freight-only railway through Shkodër to Montenegro.
Tirana International Airport Mother Theresa , also known as Rinas Airport, was reconstructed in 2007.
Bicycles are rented from initially four stations located at Rinia Park and along Deshmoret e Kombit Boulevard.
Cycling in the streets has been regarded as quite dangerous, because bike lanes are narrow and occupied by cars.

Sterling was briefly married to Lal Baum , the great-grandson of L. Frank Baum from 1965 until 1970.
Wing made an impression with producers and moviegoers, but she seldom broke through to leading roles.
Although the romance ended before their planned wedding, they remained close until Tomlin's death.
She retired from movies after marrying the pilot Dick Merrill, more than 20 years her senior, in 1938.
Wing and Merrill later settled in Virginia, where they lived together until Merrill's death in 1982.
His murder was related to his involvement in a large-scale marijuana-smuggling operation in New Orleans.
At the time of his death he was free on appeal of a drug-smuggling conviction.
The Merrills were living in Virginia at the time and the case is still listed as unsolved.
Her sister, Pat Wing , was also an actress and chorus girl who largely worked for Warner Bros.
It extends south to the Gulf of Guinea, where its capital Lomé is located.
Togo covers , making it one of the smallest countries in Africa, with a population of approximately 6.7 million.
The official language is French, with many other languages spoken in Togo, particularly those of the Gbe family.
From the 11th to the 16th century, various tribes entered the region from all directions.
In 1967, Gnassingbé Eyadéma led a successful military coup d'état after which he became president.
After the end of World War I, there was discussion of having the colony administered by Czechoslovakia.
Togoland was separated into two League of Nations mandates, administered by Britain and France.
Lack of aid, along with depressed cocoa prices, generated a 1% fall in GDP in 1998, with growth resuming in 1999.
Togo is a member of the Organization for the Harmonization of Business Law in Africa .
In 1996, the gross primary enrollment rate was 119.6%, and the net primary enrollment rate was 81.3%.
Ewe statuary is characterized by its famous statuettes which illustrate the worship of the ibeji.
The dyed fabric batiks of the artizanal center of Kloto represent stylized and colored scenes of ancient everyday life.
Tonea Stewart was born in Greenwood, Mississippi, the daughter of Hattie Juanita and Thomas Harris.
She also serves as professor, role model, motivator, and mentor to the students.
Recently the Department of Theatre Arts received the 2013 and 2014 Best Fine Arts Program Award from HBCU Digest.
During her study at FSU, Tonea also received a fellowship from the National Endowment for Humanities.
AS an actress, Tonea is perhaps best known for her recurring role of Miss Etta Kibbee in In the Heat of the Night.
She is married to Dr. Allen Stewart; Children: Allen Jr., Alesha, Thomas, an Janice goddaughter and five grandchildren.
Stewart taught at Jackson State University for 20 years—where she was crowned Ms. JSU 1969—in Jackson, Mississippi.
Stewart is currently the dean of the College of Visual and Performing Arts at Alabama State University.
Toni Ann Gisondi was born on January 1, 1975, in the Scullville section of Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey.
Toni Ann Gisondi is married to Theodore Pugliese and the couple have two daughters, Molly Marie and Melody Rose.
She has worked with Bette Midler for many years, most recently on her 2008 2009.
In addition, she is credited with bringing street dance to prominence as a founding member and manager of The Lockers.
She is recognized as a seminal influence in bringing street dance to the attention of the American public.
Issued on Chrysalis Records in September 1982 in the USA, the song knocked Lionel Richie from No.
In the video, Basil wore her head cheerleader uniform from Las Vegas High School from which she graduated.
Exhibitions include the Museum of Modern Art: videos and the Santa Monica Museum of Art: Short films.
She has also received platinum and gold discs in the USA, United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, Philippines, and France.
She was given tribute at , Monsters of Hip-Hop Masters of Movement, and in Portraits of America's Great Choreographers.
 Toni Hudson Toni Hudson is a former American actress, who has appeared in films and on television.
Toni was first married to her boss, Pete Rizzo, the manager of a racquetball club in Ventura, when she was 16.
They were together for 13 years and had two sons, but the marriage ended in divorce.

Mannix's father was a department store window decorator in Rochester, New York, and her mother a home-maker.
She later lived with him as his mistress, and then as his wife, until his death in 1963.
This theory was endorsed by publicist Edward Lozzi, who stated in 1999 that he had witnessed Toni's deathbed confession.
Mannix, wealthy following the death of her husband in 1963, developed Alzheimer's disease when she was in her seventies.
She died in 1983 in Beverly Hills, at the age of 77, having neither remarried nor had children. 
She has a background in modeling, dance choreography, stage performance, and freelance writing.
While graduating valedictorian of her high school class, she chose not to continue with traditional education.
She performs her own stunts, which include whip cracking, knife throwing, stilt dancing, flag and fire dance.
She also combines her danger arts and specialties with burlesque solos, performing live with the following companies.
Kay's instructional hosting credits include over 200 episodic videos available through the Answer4Dancers.com website.
I personally became addicted to poi as a dance form at a pagan festival in Indiana, 2002.
Many of her vehicles are powered by used vegetable oil, and she tinkers with her cars herself. 

 Torrey DeVitto Torrey Joel DeVitto is an American actress, former fashion model, and musician.
Torrey Joel DeVitto was raised in Huntington on Long Island, New York and Winter Park, Florida.
Her parents are Mary and Liberty DeVitto; her father was a long-time drummer for Billy Joel.
When DeVitto was 12 years old, she played a solo violin piece at Christie Brinkley and Peter Cook's wedding.
 Toshia Mori Toshia Mori was a Japanese born actress, who had a brief career in American films during the 1930s.
Born as Toshia Ichioka in Kyoto, Mori moved to the United States when she was ten years old.
She began her film career in the late 1920s in silent films as a teenager.
The whole WAMPAS jamboree may have actually led to the most significant film role of her career.
Capra and Columbia Pictures, both extremely happy with her work, awarded her third billing.
Lee gets himself hooked up with Ling Tse , pert employee of the Hottentot Club.
She has been a Broadway star for more than four decades, earning four Tony Award nominations.
Feldshuh was born to a Jewish family in New York City, the daughter of Lillian and Sidney Feldshuh, who was a lawyer.
The West End production sold out an eight-week run at the Duke of York's Theatre.
When Amanda married in 2014, Feldshuh gave her the advice, “You know how to have a successful marriage?
I can forego a dress, but the idea of taking a trip and trekking Mt.
She lived in Great Britain until the age of 10 when her family relocated to California.
She has been acting since she was 11 years old, and currently resides in Malibu, California.
She has also launched her own jewelry line on The Shopping Channel, called the Tracey Bregman Collection.
In July, 2011 she appeared on HSN as a Spokesmodel for the Jabot cosmetics line.
As the name of her clothing line implies, Bregman regularly engages in Yoga, pilates, cardio and hike'.
Lauren has been married to lawyer Michael Baldwin, portrayed by Christian LeBlanc, since December 9, 2005.
Lauren has one son, Scotty Grainger Jr., with Dr. Scott Grainger who is now deceased.
He too was kidnapped by Sheila in February 2007, but has since been returned to his parents safe and sound.
For a complete history of her character, please see the character's history page.
She now has a New York City sightseeing double decker bus dedicated to her and her life's accomplishments. 
She is the sister of Larry, Wayne, Tommy, Jenny, Neil, and Elizabeth Bingham.
She is the niece of the former Chief of Police of Mashpee, Massachusetts, Dewey Bingham.
Her cast mates included Ron Jeremy, Vanilla Ice, Erik Estrada, Tammy Faye Bakker and Trishelle Cannatella.
She befriended Maggot, the rapper from Goldie Looking Chain, but was ridiculed by the singer Pete Burns.
In 2005, Bingham was hired as a spokesmodel by Empire Poker, an online gambling site.



In addition to acting, Griffith has also been a dive master, sailor, painter, guitar player, writer, and world traveler.
A landscape painter of the Napa Valley area, she had her first gallery show in San Francisco in 2011. 
 Tracy Middendorf Tracy Lynn Middendorf is an American television, movie, and stage actress.
In 1987, during her senior year, she left Jasper to take drama classes in Miami, and later attended SUNY Purchase.
 Tracy Nelson Tracy Kristine Nelson is an American actress, writer, and cancer survivor.
Her parents were Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee Ricky Nelson and actress/artist Kristin Nelson .
She has three younger siblings: Matthew Nelson, Gunnar Nelson of the 1990s rock group Nelson, and Sam Nelson.
She is also the niece of actors David Nelson, and her mother's siblings Mark Harmon and Kelly Harmon.
She went to The Buckley School and graduated in 1981 from the Westlake School for Girls in Los Angeles.
She and Moses divorced in 1997 and share a daughter, Remington Elizabeth Moses, born in 1992.
Having suffered trauma from radiation, Nelson was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in 2005 and breast cancer in 2010.
Nelson is active in cancer research advocacy and was the spokesperson for The Lymphoma Research Foundation of America.
 Tracy Phillips Tracy Phillips is an American actress, dancer , and choreographer living in Southern California.
Tracy has one younger brother, Wes Phillips, currently the tight ends coach for the Washington Redskins.
When not working on music videos, she co-choreographs the Los Angeles based nightclub show, Harlow Gold.
She has worked in a handful of movies playing minor roles, either as a dancer or choreographer; some times both.
While at TSU, Scoggins nearly qualified for a spot on the 1980 Olympic diving team.
In 1998, she was nominated for Outstanding Actress in a Comedy Series in the same role at the ALMA Awards.
Her second marriage was to actor Christian Navarro on April 26, 2003, which ended in divorce in 2006, without issue.
Traylor married for the third time to Jarel Portman in 2011; the couple has one son. 
In addition, Beverley earned 1977 Theatre World and Drama Desk Awards for the Broadway version. 

Fisher was born in Burbank, California, to singer Eddie Fisher and actress Connie Stevens.
Fisher's parents divorced when she was a baby and she and Joely were raised by Stevens.
As children, both Tricia and Joely began performing on stage in their mother's Las Vegas show.
They toured the world with their mother, attending many different schools and having tutors.
They performed together at the event at the Hyatt Regency Century Plaza Hotel in Century City, California.
In September 2011, Fisher and her husband Byron Thames, appeared in her mother's Las Vegas stage show.
Born in Shreveport, Louisiana, O'Neil began her career as a model and cover girl before turning to acting.
She first appeared in television commercials, then was cast in many popular television series.
 Trieste Kelly Dunn Trieste Kelly Dunn is an American actress, born in Provo, Utah.
She expressed her personal wish that her character's relationship would serve as an example of for the world.
Born and raised in The Bronx, New York, McGee attended Howard University in Washington, D.C. for a couple of years.

 Trish Goff Trish Goff is an American former model, actress, and real estate broker.
After being discovered, she dropped out of school and moved to New York City to pursue a career in modeling.
She returned from a two year hiatus to close for Alexander Wang fashion show in February 2009.
 Trish Van Devere Trish Van Devere is an American actress and the widow of actor George C. Scott.
She was married to the actor George C. Scott from 1972 until his death in 1999.
After a long acting career, Van Devere settled down in Broad Beach, Malibu, California with her husband George C. Scott.
 Trisha Paytas Trisha Kay Paytas is an American actress, entertainer, model, author and YouTube personality.
Paytas was born on May 8, 1988, in Winnebago, Illinois to parents Lenna and Frank Paytas.
After moving to Los Angeles to pursue acting, she began doing professional lingerie modeling.
In 2006, Paytas' made her first television appearance as a correspondent to Greg Behrendt on The Greg Behrendt Show.
She appeared on the show for its full thirteen episode run before it was cancelled after only airing one season.
Paytas made an appearance in a Guns N' Roses' tour video, playing a mobster's girlfriend.
As of August 2014, she has 994 video uploads and over 220,000,000 video views total.
On August 15, 2014 Paytas had reached the milestone of having one million subscribers.
On December 6, Paytas began posting a string of photos that showed she had begun production on the music video.
Paytas said that she'd like to experiment on her next EP by featuring a rap song.
She stated that her new release would be an extended play and afterwards she'd release her debut album.
Trisha stated in a video that she had done every genre, including songs by Eminem, Green Day, and Marilyn Monroe.
She stated she began tanning after her mother bought her some tanning salon sessions, when she was only 14.
She had also incorporated electronic and dance-influenced instrumentals into her music during her early records.
As Paytas had evolved as an artist, she had primarily stuck to a more upbeat, rock-influenced pop sound.

She had two younger sisters, and along with their mother, these four women were a tightly knit unit growing up.
Friganza, in fact, is her mother’s maiden name , which she both liked and found to be suitable for the stage.
Her mother was inconsolable and devastated at her daughter’s decision to take to the stage.
She and the Doctor were divorced several years later, though the exact date is unknown.
Her third marriage, taking place in New York on March 10, 1912, was to her manager, Charles A. Goettler.
She filed for a divorce in the summer of 1914 on the grounds of “failure to provide” and “cruelty”.
During all of her marriages she never changed her name and was adamant about continuing her career in show business.
She taught drama there as long as she could until her health prevented her from doing so.
She bequeathed all her possessions to the Academy and left a legacy to the American public.
Below is a list in chronological order of the productions with which she was involved.
Her fame as a comic actress buoyed her success and she soon became a headliner, given top billing in the shows.
Other one-woman shows included the “Trixie Friganza Road Show” and numerous others that she performed untitled.
She is known for her role of Julie on MTV's original high school comedy, Awkward.
Tru has recurred as mean girl Julie on MTV's Awkward seasons 2 - 5.
That year, TSO reached #12 on the Billboard charts for American Arena Tours, beating Taylor Swift and Justin Bieber.
In a TV special on January 7, 1965, she was named by ABC as one of the twelve most promising young actresses.

Aoki may have been the first Asian actress to garner top-billing in American motion pictures.
Hayakawa and Aoki would eventually make more than twenty films together throughout the 1910s and 1920s.
She died the following year in Japan of acute peritonitis at the age of 69. 
The documentary wove the tale of how one of the most successful horror genre franchises came to be.
In 1986, she appeared on the original demo for the production that would become Jekyll & Hyde for Frank Wildhorn.
She later watched a performance by the and joined them as Keyboardist and Backing vocals.
The song, which over the past 27 years, has become just as popular as the movie itself.
Currently, Tuesday is the lead singer in a Deborah Harry, Blondie tribute band, Rapture: The Blondie Tribute.
She began acting when she was a child, and progressed to mature roles in the late 1950s.
Susan Ker Weld was one of three siblings, the other two being Sarah King Weld and David Balfour Weld .
Left in financial difficulty by her husband's death, Weld's mother put Susan to work as a model to support the family.
The same was true of Bob and Carol and Fred and Sue or whatever it was called.
She was married to screenwriter Claude Harz, from 1965 until their divorce in 1971.
In 1976 they had a son, Patrick, an actor, director, and editor.
In 1985 she married Israeli concert violinist and conductor Pinchas Zukerman; they divorced in 1998.
After a dream involving the actress, Stephen Coates named his lounge swing band The Real Tuesday Weld.
Its northernmost point, Ras ben Sakka, is the northernmost point on the African continent.
It is bordered by Algeria to the west, Libya to the southeast, and the Mediterranean Sea to the north and east.
Its name is derived from its capital city, Tunis, which is located on the country's northeast coast.
Geographically, Tunisia contains the eastern end of the Atlas Mountains and the northern reaches of the Sahara desert.
Tunisia was conquered by Arabs in the first century of Islam, followed by the Ottomans between 1534 and 1574.
The country voted for parliament again on 26 October 2014, and for President on 23 November 2014.
The present form of the name, with its Latinate suffix ', evolved from French '.
Agricultural communities in the humid coastal plains of central Tunisia then were ancestors of today's Berber tribes.
It was believed in ancient times that Africa was originally populated by Gaetulians and Libyans, both nomadic peoples.
The people of Carthage worshipped a pantheon of Middle Eastern gods including Baal and Tanit.
Tanit's symbol, a simple female figure with extended arms and long dress, is a popular icon found in ancient sites.
The founders of Carthage also established a Tophet, which was altered in Roman times.
After the Roman conquest, the region became one of the main granaries of Rome and was fully Latinized.
During the Roman period the area of what is now Tunisia enjoyed a huge development.
The economy, mainly during the Empire, boomed: the prosperity of the area depended on agriculture.
There was even a huge production of mosaics and ceramics, exported mainly to Italy, in the central area of El Djem .
Berber bishop Donatus Magnus was the founder of a Christian group known as the Donatists.
It was there in 670 AD that the Mosque of Uqba, or the Great Mosque of Kairouan, was constructed;.
After conquering Cairo, the Fatimids abandoned Tunisia and parts of Eastern Algeria to the local Zirids .
Zirid Tunisia flourished in many areas: agriculture, industry, trade, and religious and secular learning.
The Arab historian Ibn Khaldun wrote that the lands ravaged by Banu Hilal invaders had become completely arid desert.
The Almohads initially ruled over Tunisia through a governor, usually a near relative of the Caliph.
After this success, the Almohads installed Walid Abu Hafs as the governor of Tunisia.
Tunisia remained part of the Almohad state, until 1230 when the son of Abu Hafs declared himself independent.
Before long, however, Tunisia became in effect an autonomous province, under the local Bey.
Under the Ottoman Empire, the boundaries of Tunisia contracted; it lost territory to the west and to the east .
This was the reason or pretext for French forces to establish a Protectorate in 1881.
In 1869, Tunisia declared itself bankrupt and an international financial commission took control over its economy.
With this treaty, Tunisia was officially made a French protectorate, over the objections of Italy.
In 1942–1943, Tunisia was the scene of the Tunisia Campaign, a series of battles between the Axis and Allied forces.
Tunisia achieved independence from France in 1956 led by Habib Bourguiba, who later became the first Tunisian President.
The anniversary of Ben Ali’s succession, 7 November, was celebrated as a national holiday.
Ben Ali and his family were accused of corruption and plundering the country's money.
Ben Ali's son-in-law Sakher El Materi was rumoured as being primed to eventually take over the country.
In 2008, in terms of Press freedom, Tunisia was ranked 143rd out of 173.
The protests inspired the Arab Spring, a wave of similar actions throughout the Arab world.
The Ennahda Movement, formerly banned under the Ben Ali regime, won a plurality of 90 seats out of a total of 217.
On 12 December 2011, former dissident and veteran human rights activist Moncef Marzouki was elected president.
Tunisia is situated on the Mediterranean coast of North Africa, midway between the Atlantic Ocean and the Nile Delta.
Though it is relatively small in size, Tunisia has great environmental diversity due to its north-south extent.
In the Khroumerie, the northwestern corner of the Tunisian Tell, elevations reach and snow occurs in winter.
Inland from the Sahel, between the Dorsal and a range of hills south of Gafsa, are the Steppes.
In maritime terms, the country claims a contiguous zone of , and a territorial sea of .
Tunisia's climate is Mediterranean in the north, with mild rainy winters and hot, dry summers.
The terrain in the north is mountainous, which, moving south, gives way to a hot, dry central plain.
The lowest point is Chott el Djerid at below sea level and the highest is Jebel ech Chambi at .
In October 2014 Tunisia held its first elections under the new constitution following the Arab Spring.
There are now over 100 legal parties, including several that existed under the former regime.
During the rule of Ben Ali, only three functioned as independent opposition parties: the PDP, FDTL, and Tajdid.
Rare for the Arab world, women held more than 20% of seats in the country's pre-revolution bicameral parliament.
In the 2011 constituent assembly, women held between 24% and 31% of all seats.
On 23 November 2014 Tunisia held its first Presidential Election following the Arab Spring in 2011.
The code outlawed the practices of polygamy and repudiation and a husband’s right to unilaterally divorce his wife.
The Code of Personal Status remains one of the most progressive civil codes in the North Africa and the Muslim world.
As of 2008, Tunisia had an army of 27,000 personnel equipped with 84 main battle tanks and 48 light tanks.
In 1948 the Jewish population was an estimated 105,000, but by 2013 only about 900 remained.
The majority of Tunisia's population are Muslims while about 2% follow Christianity and Judaism or other religions.
In fact, Tunisia along with Morocco has been said to be the Arab countries most accepting of their Jewish populations.
The constitution declares Islam as the official state religion and requires the President to be Muslim.
The country has a secular culture where religion is separated from not only political, but in public life.
Individual Tunisians are tolerant of religious freedom and generally do not inquire about a person's personal beliefs.
There is also a small minority of speakers of Berber languages known collectively as Shelha.
French also plays a major role in Tunisian society, despite having no official status.
In 2010, there were 6,639,000 French-speakers in Tunisia, or about 64% of the population.
Shop signs, menus and road signs in Tunisia are generally written in both Arabic and French.
It was founded in 1949 and brings together French and Tunisian Muslims, Christians and Jews.
Sadok Gmech draws his inspiration from national wealth while Moncef Ben Amor turns to fantasy.
Arabic literature dates back to the 7th century with the arrival of Arab civilization in the region.
As for poetry, Tunisian poetry typically opts for nonconformity and innovation with poets such as Aboul-Qacem Echebbi.
The themes of wandering, exile and heartbreak are the focus of their creative writing.
The national bibliography lists 1249 non-school books published in 2002 in Tunisia, with 885 titles in Arabic.
The institution did not take long to assemble an elite group of musicians and poets and scholars.
The creation of Radio Tunis in 1938 allowed musicians are greater opportunity to disseminate their works.
In 2007, some 245 newspapers and magazines are 90% owned by private groups and independents.
The main clubs are Espérance Sportive de Tunis, Étoile Sportive du Sahel, Club Africain, and Club Sportif Sfaxien.
In the 2005 Handball Championship in Tunis, Wissem Hmam was ranked as the top scorer of the tournament.
The Tunisian national handball team won the African Cup eight times, being the team dominating this competition.
In boxing, Victor Perez was world champion in the flyweight weight class in 1931 and 1932.
In the 2008 Summer Olympics, Tunisian Oussama Mellouli won a gold medal in 1500m freestyle.
In the 2012 Summer Olympics, he won a bronze medal in the 1500m freestyle and a gold medal in the 15 km marathon.
In 2012, Tunisia participated for the seventh time in her history in the Summer Paralympic Games.
She finished the competition with 19 medals; 9 golds, 5 silvers and 5 bronzes.
A basic education for children between the ages of 6 and 16 has been compulsory since 1991.
From the age of 8, they are taught French while English is introduced at the age of 10.
In 2010, spending on healthcare accounted for 3.37% of the country's GDP.
The life expectancy at birth was 74.60 years in 2010, or 72.60 years for males and 76.70 years for females.
Walking home from school just before her 10th birthday, she was reportedly gang raped by five men.
According to Satana, her attackers were never prosecuted, and it was rumored that the judge had been paid off.
She tells how this prompted her to learn martial arts, such as aikido and karate.
She later found employment in a hospital, a position she kept for four years.
She spent the next two years in and out of hospitals, having two major operations and approximately fifteen others.
Satana dated Elvis Presley but turned down his marriage proposal, although she did keep the ring.
Her long-time manager, Siouxzan Perry, gave the cause of death as heart failure. 
The Black Sea is to the north, the Mediterranean Sea to the south, and the Aegean Sea to the west.
Turkey's location at the crossroads of Europe and Asia makes it a country of significant geostrategic importance.
The Ottoman Empire entered World War I on the side of the Central Powers and was ultimately defeated.
Turkey is a democratic, secular, unitary, constitutional republic with a diverse cultural heritage.
The vast majority of the population is Sunni Muslim, with Alevis making up the largest religious minority.
Turkey is a member of the UN, NATO, OECD, OSCE, OIC and the G-20.
Turkey's growing economy and diplomatic initiatives have led to its recognition as a regional power.
Many of these peoples spoke the Anatolian languages, a branch of the larger Indo-European language family.
The settlement of Troy started in the Neolithic Age and continued into the Iron Age.
The first major empire in the area was founded by the Hittites, from the 18th through the 13th century BC.
The Assyrians conquered and settled parts of southeastern Turkey as early as 1950 BC until the year 612 BC.
Urartu re-emerged in Assyrian inscriptions in the 9th century BC as a powerful northern rival of Assyria.
Starting from 714 BC, Urartu shared the same fate and dissolved in 590 BC, when it was conquered by the Medes.
Starting around 1200 BC, the coast of Anatolia was heavily settled by Aeolian and Ionian Greeks.
In Northwest Turkey, the most significant tribal group in Thrace was the Odyrisians, founded by Teres I.
All of modern-day Turkey was conquered by the Persian Achaemenid Empire during the 6th century BC.
In 324, Constantine I chose Byzantium to be the new capital of the Roman Empire, renaming it New Rome.
In 1243, the Seljuk armies were defeated by the Mongols, causing the Seljuk Empire's power to slowly disintegrate.
In 1453, the Ottomans completed their conquest of the Byzantine Empire by capturing its capital, Constantinople.
In 1517, Selim I expanded Ottoman rule into Algeria and Egypt, and created a naval presence in the Red Sea.
At sea, the Ottoman Navy contended with several Holy Leagues for control of the Mediterranean Sea.
From the beginning of the 19th century onwards, the Ottoman Empire began to decline.
The Ottoman Empire entered World War I on the side of the Central Powers and was ultimately defeated.
During the war, the empire's Armenians were deported from Eastern Anatolia to Syria as part of the Armenian Genocide.
Large-scale massacres were also committed against the empire's other minority groups such as the Assyrians and Greeks.
Nine years later the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, which is recognized only by Turkey, was established.
In 1984, the PKK, a Kurdish separatist group, began an insurgency campaign against the Turkish government.
Peace talks were launched in 2012, but hostilities restarted in 2015 following the Suruc bombing.
When three powers are taken into account as the main functions of the state, local administrations have little power.
Turkey is a unitary not a federal system, and the provinces are subordinated to the centre.
Since its foundation as a republic in 1923, Turkey has developed a strong tradition of secularism.
It sets out the main principles of government and establishes Turkey as a unitary centralized state.
The President of the Republic is the head of state and has a largely ceremonial role.
The prime minister is Ahmet Davutoğlu who is also the leader of the Justice and Development Party since 27 August 2014.
Other issues, such as Kurdish rights, women's rights, and press freedom, have also attracted controversy.
Turkey's human rights record continues to be a significant obstacle to future membership of the EU.
Turkey has a legal system which has been wholly integrated with the system of continental Europe.
The Administrative Law bears similarities with its French counterpart, and the Penal Code with its Italian counterpart.
In line with this principle, judicial power is exercised by independent courts on behalf of the Turkish nation.
Turkey was a member of the United Nations Security Council in 1951–1952, 1954–1955, 1961 and 2009-2010.
Today, EU membership is considered as a state policy and a strategic target by Turkey.
The Baku–Tbilisi–Ceyhan pipeline forms part of Turkey's foreign policy strategy to become an energy conduit to the West.
Since 2003, Turkey contributes military personnel to Eurocorps and takes part in the EU Battlegroups.
The Turkish Armed Forces consists of the Land Forces, the Naval Forces and the Air Force.
The Chief of the General Staff is appointed by the President and is responsible to the Prime Minister.
Turkey does not recognise conscientious objection and does not offer a civilian alternative to military service.
The territory of Turkey is more than 1,600 kilometres long and 800 km wide, with a roughly rectangular shape.
The European section of Turkey, East Thrace , forms the borders of Turkey with Greece and Bulgaria.
The uneven north Anatolian terrain running along the Black Sea resembles a long, narrow belt.
As a general trend, the inland Anatolian plateau becomes increasingly rugged as it progresses eastward.
The number of animal species in the whole of Europe is around 60,000, while in Turkey there are over 80,000 .
Ankara, the capital of Turkey, is renowned for the Angora cat, Angora rabbit and Angora goat.
The Persian leopard is still found in very small numbers in the northeastern and southeastern regions of Turkey.
The Eurasian lynx and the European wildcat are other felid species which are currently found in the forests of Turkey.
The eastern part of that coast averages annually which is the highest precipitation in the country.
However snow is rare in the coastal areas of the Aegean Sea and very rare in the coastal areas of the Mediterranean Sea.
Summers are hot and dry, with temperatures often above 30 °C in the day.
The driest regions are the Konya plain and the Malatya plain, where annual rainfall is often less than 300 millimetres .
Turkey has the world's 17th largest GDP by PPP and 18th largest nominal GDP.
The country is among the founding members of the OECD and the G-20 major economies.
Turkey's exports were $143.5 billion in 2011 and reached $163 billion in 2012 .
However, larger imports which amounted to $229 billion in 2012 threatened the balance of trade .
The major export markets are Malta, Marshall Islands, Panama and the United Kingdom.
In 2011, there were 70 active shipyards in Turkey, with another 56 being built.
The rate of female employment in Turkey was 30 percent in 2012, the lowest among all OECD countries.
Foreign direct investment was $8.3 billion in 2012, a figure expected to rise to $15 billion in 2013.
had to subsidize most of the industrial projects, due to the lack of a strong private sector.
In 2009, the new Turkish lira was renamed back to the Turkish lira, with the introduction of new banknotes and coins.
The Ankara-Konya line became operational in 2011 while the Ankara-Istanbul line entered service in 2014.
In 2008, of natural gas pipelines and of petroleum pipelines spanned the country's territory.
The Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan pipeline, the second longest oil pipeline in the world, was inaugurated on May 10, 2005.
The Blue Stream, a major trans-Black Sea gas pipeline, delivers natural gas from Russia to Turkey.
Turkey has the fifth highest direct utilization and capacity of geothermal power in the world.
Turkey has the fifth highest direct utilization and capacity of geothermal power in the world.
Turkey's internet, which has 35 million active users, holds a 'Partly Free' ranking in Freedom House's index.
TÜBİTAK is the leading agency for developing science, technology and innovation policies in Turkey.
The Turkish Space Launch System is a project to develop the satellite launch capability of Turkey.
According to the 2011 estimate, the population is increasing by 1.35 percent each year.
In 1927, when the first official census was recorded in the Republic of Turkey, the population was 13.6 million.
The Kurds, a distinct ethnic group, are the largest non-Turkic ethnicity, around 18-25 percent of the population.
Kurds are concentrated in the east and southeast of the country, in what is also known as Turkish Kurdistan.
Minorities besides the Kurds are thought to make up an estimated 7–12 percent of the population.
Turkey hosts the largest number of refugees in the world, including 2.2 million Syrian refugees, as of September 2015.
The country's official language is Turkish, which is spoken by 85,54 percent of the population as mother tongue.
The role of religion has been a controversial debate over the years since the formation of Islamist parties.
However, the ban was lifted from universities in 2011, from government buildings in 2013, and from schools in 2014.
There are about 26,000 people who are Jewish, the vast majority of whom are Sephardi.
Despite emigration during the 20th century, modern-day Turkey continues to have a small Jewish population.
This is compulsory and lasts twelve years: four years each of primary school, middle school and high school.
The overall adult literacy rate in 2011 was 94.1 percent; 97.9 percent for males and 90.3 percent for females.
In 2008, the quota of admitted students was 600,000, compared to 1,700,000 who took the ÖSS exam in 2007.
Health care in Turkey used to be dominated by a centralized state system run by the Ministry of Health.
Life expectancy was 71.1 years for men and 75.3 for women, with an overall average of 73.2.
Turkish painting, in the Western sense, developed actively starting from the mid 19th century.
Turkish literature was heavily influenced by Persian and Arabic literature during most of the Ottoman era.
The Tanzimat reforms introduced previously unknown Western genres, primarily the novel and the short story.
Most of the roots of modern Turkish literature were formed between the years 1896 and 1923.
They also won two gold medals , one silver medal and three bronze medals at the Mediterranean Games.
They also won a gold medal , six silver medals and a bronze medal at the Mediterranean Games.
Fenerbahçe won the 2010 FIVB Women's Club World Championship and the 2012 CEV Women's Champions League.
Turkish cuisine was well established by the mid-1400s, the beginning of the Ottoman Empire's six hundred-year reign.
Yogurt salads, fish in olive oil, and stuffed and wrapped vegetables became Turkish staples.
The broadcast media have a very high penetration as satellite dishes and cable systems are widely available.
By circulation, the most popular daily newspapers are Zaman, Posta, Hürriyet, Sözcü, Sabah and Habertürk.
She has won six Emmy Awards for her television work, a Tony Award and is a 2011 American Theatre Hall of Fame inductee.
Tyne Daly was born in Madison, Wisconsin; she is the daughter of actor James Daly and Mary Hope Newell.
At the time that they married, their marriage would have been illegal in 17 states as they were of different races.
 Téa Leoni Elizabeth Téa Pantaleoni , better known by her stage name Téa Leoni, is an American actress and producer.
Leoni's mother is a native of Texas, and was the niece of actor Hank Patterson.
On June 29, 2011, CNN reported that Leoni and Duchovny had again split.
To the northwest of the city lies the high mountain Húsareyn, and to the southwest, the high Kirkjubøreyn.
The town proper has a population of 13,000 , and the greater urban area a population of 19,000.
Tórshavn thus became the capital of the Faroe Islands and has remained so ever since.
All through the Middle Ages the narrow peninsula jutting out into the sea made up the main part of Tórshavn.
In 1856, the trade monopoly was abolished and the islands were left open to free trade.
All through the Middle Ages, the narrow peninsula jutting out into the sea made up the main part of Tórshavn.
In 1271, a royal trade monopoly was established in Tórshavn by the Norwegian Crown.
Under the Norwegian, and then Danish rule, government officials made Tórshavn their home.
Sources do not mention a built-up area in Tórshavn until after the Protestant reformation in 1539.
The trade monopoly was in the family’s hands and it was not designed for the needs of the Faroese people.
People across the country brought products into town and had to be satisfied with whatever price they were given.
These not only included the persons in charge of the monopoly trade, but also the bailiff and others.
Many old houses burnt to the ground and old Faroese records were lost as were Gabel's documents.
However, in 1709 Tórshavn was hit by a plague of smallpox, killing nearly the entire population.
The town had by this time reached a population of 300 and 250 of the inhabitants died.
Still, it was during the latter half of the 18th century that Tórshavn started to develop into a small town.
He experimented with salted cod and herring but at this point in time nothing much beyond this happened.
Since 1990, it has been the seat of the Bishop of the Faroe Islands .
The Admiralty Prize Court, however, refused to condemn it as a lawful prize.
By opening the islands to the world, it transformed the economy, with Tórshavn at its centre.
The farming land was rented to townspeople who could later buy it if they wished.
Later, in 1909, Tórshavn became a market town with the same municipal charter as Danish market towns.
In 1974, the neighboring villages Hoyvík and Hvítanes were made part of the town area.
In 1978 Kaldbak, in 1997 Argir, in 2001 Kollafjørður, and finally in 2005, Kirkjubøur, Hestur, and Nólsoy.
Tórshavn is the capital of the Faroe Islands, and as such is the seat of the Faroes’ self rule government.
The other ministries are located in other office buildings in various places in Tórshavn, i.e.
Also, the largest football stadium, Tórsvøllur, is located here, seating 6,000 spectators.
Around the city there are also two other football pitches, indoor tennis courts, badminton courts and a swimming pool.
Other football clubs with connections to the city are FF Giza , FC Hoyvík and Undrið FF.
Tórshavn city has several popular rowing clubs, including, Havnar Róðrarfelag and Róðrarfelagið Knørrur.
Every year in July the Tour of Faroe Islands, which is a road bicycle race, is held around the islands.
It attracts musicians from all over North America and Europe and has become a popular tourist event.
The harbour is served by the Smyril Line international ferry service to Denmark and Iceland.
The postage stamp design was usually printed from a fine engraving and were almost impossible to forge adequately.
There exist entire series of stamp issues whose printing was inspired by the subject alone.
Indeed, the balance had now shifted somewhat; of the ten stamps issued in 1870, only four offered presidential images.
Thomas Jefferson first appeared on U.S. postage in March 1856, nine years after the first issues were released.
Fifteen years of stamp issuance would pass before Andrew Jackson would appear on a U.S. postage stamp.
Up until this time only the portrayals of Washington, Franklin, Jefferson and Jackson were found on U.S. postage.
Washington took his oath of office while standing on the balcony of Federal Hall on Wall Street in New York City.
The two portraits remained unfinished and tacked to a door in Stuart's Boston studio until his death in 1828.
In 1860, artist Rembrandt Peale , filling in where this artist had left off.
That year, Washington also appeared on a very rare offered by the post office in Millbury Massachusetts.
Washington was the only president depicted on any of the postmasters' provisionals released during this period.
The ending of the American Civil War marked a beginning in U.S. stamp subject and design change.
This national sentiment was largely responsible for the various Civil War figures to appear on U.S. Postage.
Up until 1869 with the one exception of Benjamin Franklin only American presidents were found on US Postage.
1870s The postage issued in the US during this time was printed by the National Bank Note Company on white wove paper.
The first printing was issued with 'grills', tiny cuts in the paper to absorb ink.
The new company employed secret marks on the lower-value stamps to distinguish its work from the first printing.
, also in very large quantities, and issued on July 16, 1881.)
The 3-cent Washington design was printed yet a fourth time, in vermillion, in 1887.
Several engravers of presidential portraits on US Postage have modeled their engravings after Houdon's sculptures.
Washington would remain the most prevalent figure on U.S. Postage for most of the 20th century.
The engraving of Washington was modeled after a bust by the renowned sculptor Jean Antoine Houdon.
The various denominations found on postage for a given year issue can be viewed on the.
It was only after this restriction had been abandoned, in 1925, that Washington first appeared on a commemorative issue.
In recent days, issues are many and a whole array of various individuals are now found on US Postage stamps.
John Adams was the second President of the United States serving from 1797 to 1801.
James Monroe, fifth President of the United States, served two terms from 1817 to 1825.
John Quincy Adams was the sixth President of the United States from March 4, 1825, to March 4, 1829.
He was the commander of the American forces at the Battle of New Orleans in 1815.
At that time, as aforesaid, he had already appeared on two different Confederate 2c stamps.
Martin Van Buren was the eighth President of the United States from 1837 to 1841.
Before his presidency, he served as the eighth Vice President and the 10th Secretary of State under Andrew Jackson.
William Henry Harrison was the ninth President of the United States, and served in the U.S. Army as an officer.
A hero in the War of 1812, he was the first president to die in office.
Tyler assumed office when President William H. Harrison died only 32 days into his term as U.S. President.
A Democrat, Polk served as Speaker of the House and Governor of Tennessee before becoming president.
Zachary Taylor was the 12th President of the United States and an American military leader.
He served in the US Army for over forty years and as 'Old Rough and Ready' had a reputation for never losing a battle.
During the Mexican-American War Taylor became a national hero, and with this fame he was elected to the presidency.
Millard Fillmore was the 13th President of the United States, serving from 1850 until 1853.
As such Fillmore was never actually elected president, and was the last member of the Whig Party to hold that office.
Pierce enlisted in the volunteer U.S. Army during the Mexican-American War and rose to the rank of colonel.
To date he is the only president from the state of Pennsylvania and the only one never to have married.
The Postal Service issued a 20 stamp sheet of 32-cent Civil War stamps on June 29, 1995, in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.
Designed by Mark Hess of Katonah, New York, the stamps are the second installment of the Classic Collection.
The first president to appear on a US commemorative Postage stamp was Thomas Jefferson, displayed above.
As a Unionist, he was the only Southern senator who didn't give up his post upon secession.
Grant began his lifelong career as a soldier after graduating from the United States Military Academy in 1843.
Rutherford Birchard Hayes was the 19th President of the United States serving from March 4, 1877 to March 4, 1881.
In the years before his presidency he was the Governor of Ohio for two separate terms.
James Abram Garfield was the 20th President of the United States who had a distinguished military background.
An assassin's bullet ended his life and presidency and cut his time in office after serving only 200 days.
Garfield was the only sitting member of the House of Representatives to have been elected President.
Garfield is one of the few presidents to appear on a postage stamp more than the usual one or two times.
The first issue to honor him was released in 1882, printed by the American Bank Note Company.
Issues depicting Garfield released on and after 1894 were printed by the Bureau of Engraving and Printing.
Benjamin Harrison was the 23rd President of the United States, serving one term from 1889 to 1893.
During the American Civil War Harrison served as a Brigadier General in the Army of the Cumberland.
Harrison was also present at the World Columbian Exposition and ceremony and delivered a speech where he said.
From that point onward the US Post Office would issue commemorative postage on a regular basis.
McKinley was assassinated early in his second term while attending the Pan-American Exposition in Buffalo in 1901.
He negotiated an end to the Russo-Japanese War which later won him the Nobel Peace Prize.
William Howard Taft was the 27th President of the United States and later the 10th Chief Justice of the United States.
A Republican from Ohio, Harding was once an influential newspaper publisher at the Marion Daily Star in Ohio.
He served in the Ohio Senate and later as the 28th Lieutenant Governor of Ohio and as a US Senator .
John Calvin Coolidge, Jr. from Plymouth, Vermont, was the 30th President of the United States serving from 1923 to 1929.
With subsequent presidents, the reverse is true: all have made their first appearances on commemoratives.
Herbert Clark Hoover was the 31st President of the United States serving from 1929 to 1933.
A son of a Quaker blacksmith, Hoover brought to the Presidency a reputation for public service as a humanitarian.
After World War I, Hoover had massive shipments of food sent to feed starving millions in central Europe.
He also provided much needed aid to Soviet Russia in 1921 which was then plagued with famine.
Harry S. Truman was the 33rd President of the United States serving from 1945 to 1953.
Kennedy appears on three postage issues, two of them commemoratives , the other a regular issue of 1967.
When Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas, Texas, on November 22, 1963, Johnson assumed the presidency.
He won re-election in 1964 with 61 percent of the vote and served until January 20, 1969.
Nixon was the only person to be elected twice to both the Presidency and the Vice Presidency.
 Uganda Uganda , officially the Republic of Uganda, is a landlocked country in East Africa.
Uganda also lies within the Nile basin, and has a varied but generally a modified equatorial climate.
Bantu-speaking populations, who were probably from central Africa, migrated to the southern parts of the country.
These groups brought and developed ironworking skills and new ideas of social and political organisation.
Bunyoro-Kitara is claimed as the antecedent of later kingdoms: Buganda, Toro, Ankole, and Busoga.
Nilotic people, including Luo and Ateker, entered the area from the north, probably beginning about A.D. 120.
They were cattle herders and subsistence farmers who settled mainly in the northern and eastern parts of the country.
The Luo invasion is believed to have led to the collapse of the Chwezi Empire.
Arab traders moved inland from the Indian Ocean coast of East Africa in the 1830s.
They were followed in the 1860s by British explorers searching for the source of the Nile.
Most of the surviving Indians returned home, but 6,724 decided to remain in East Africa after the line's completion.
These rats spread the disease throughout Uganda and the following disaster became known as the Black Plague.
As several other territories and chiefdoms were integrated, the final protectorate called Uganda took shape in 1914.
In October 1963, Uganda became a republic but maintained its membership in the Commonwealth of Nations.
In 1967, a new constitution proclaimed Uganda a republic and abolished the traditional kingdoms.
This led to the return of Obote, who was deposed again in 1985 by General Tito Okello.
In the mid-to-late 1990s, Museveni was lauded by western countries as part of a new generation of African leaders.
The opposition however, were not satisfied with the results, condemning them as full of sham and rigging.
Some international donors have threatened to cut financial aid to the country if anti-gay bills continue.
Most recently, indicators of an alleged succession to the president's son, Muhoozi Kainerugaba, have increased tensions.
It averages about above sea level, sloping very steadily downwards to the Sudanese Plain to the north.
Lake Kyoga is in the centre of the country and is surrounded by extensive marshy areas.
Besides Lakes Victoria and Kyoga, there are Lake Albert, Lake Edward, and the smaller Lake George.
The Victoria Nile drains from Lake Victoria into Lake Kyoga and thence into Lake Albert on the Congolese border.
An area in eastern Uganda is drained by the Suam River, part of the internal drainage basin of Lake Turkana.
The extreme northeastern part of Uganda drains into the Lotikipi Basin, which is primarily in Kenya.
Although generally equatorial, the climate is not uniform as large variations in the altitude modify the climate.
At Entebbe on the northern shore of Lake Victoria, most rain falls from March to June and in the November woman .
For example, Amin, who came from the northwest, declared Swahili to be the national language.
According to the census of 2002, Christians made up about 85 percent of Uganda's population.
The Roman Catholic Church had the largest number of adherents , followed by the Anglican Church of Uganda .
The next most reported religion of Uganda was Islam, with Muslims representing 12.1 percent of the population.
It has an area of , making it the largest country entirely within Europe and the 46th largest country in the world.
With a population of about 44.5 million, Ukraine is the 32nd most populous country in the world.
In eastern and southern Ukraine, Russian is primarily used in cities, and Ukrainian is used in rural areas.
Today, all foreign films and TV programs, including Russian ones, are subtitled or dubbed in Ukrainian.
But in everyday life the majority of Crimean Tatars and Ukrainians in Crimea use Russian.
There are an estimated 500,000 Muslims in Ukraine and about 300,000 of them are Crimean Tatars.
The Jewish population is a tiny fraction of what it was before World War II.
One 2006 survey put the number of non-religious in Ukraine at approximately 11.1% of the population.
The famines of the 1930s, followed by the devastation of World War II, comprised a demographic disaster.
More than one million people moved into Ukraine in 1991–92, mostly from the other former Soviet republics.
In total, between 1991 and 2004, 2.2 million immigrated to Ukraine , and 2.5 million emigrated from Ukraine .
There are also large Ukrainian immigrant communities in the United States, Australia, Brazil and Argentina.
Ukraine's healthcare system is state subsidised and freely available to all Ukrainian citizens and registered residents.
In 2008, the country's population was one of the fastest declining in the world at −5% growth.
The UN warned that Ukraine's population could fall by as much as 10 million by 2050 if trends did not improve.
According to the Ukrainian constitution, access to free education is granted to all citizens.
Complete general secondary education is compulsory in the state schools which constitute the overwhelming majority.
Free higher education in state and communal educational establishments is provided on a competitive basis.
In the 12th grade, students take Government tests, which are also referred to as school-leaving exams.
The first higher education institutions emerged in Ukraine during the late 16th and early 17th centuries.
By 1988 a number of higher education institutions increased to 146 with over 850,000 students.
Ukraine has more than 800 higher education institutions and in 2010 the number of graduates reached 654,700 people.
For most students the government subsidy is not sufficient to cover their basic living expenses.
Also, it is common for libraries to supply required books for all registered students.
The Communist era had quite a strong effect on the art and writing of Ukraine.
The tradition of the Easter egg, known as pysanky, has long roots in Ukraine.
After the entire egg was dyed, the wax was removed leaving only the colourful pattern.
This tradition is thousands of years old, and precedes the arrival of Christianity to Ukraine.
Artisan textile arts play an important role in Ukrainian culture, especially in Ukrainian wedding traditions.
Ukrainian embroidery, weaving and lace-making are used in traditional folk dress and in traditional celebrations.
Embroidery motifs found in different parts of Ukraine are preserved in the Rushnyk Museum in Pereiaslav-Khmelnytskyi.
Weaving with handmade looms is still practised in the village of Krupove, situated in Rivne Oblast.
The village is the birthplace of two famous personalities in the scene of national crafts fabrication.
The history of Ukrainian literature dates back to the 11th century, following the Christianisation of the Kievan Rus'.
The writings of the time were mainly liturgical and were written in Old Church Slavonic.
Then, in 1863, use of the Ukrainian language in print was effectively prohibited by the Russian Empire.
The ban was never officially lifted, but it became obsolete after the revolution and the Bolsheviks' coming to power.
Ukrainian literature continued to flourish in the early Soviet years, when nearly all literary trends were approved .
In general around 223 writers were repressed by what was known as the Executed Renaissance.
These include initial roots which were established in the Eastern Slavic state of Kievan Rus'.
After the 12th century, the distinct architectural history continued in the principalities of Galicia-Volhynia.
Ukrainian national motifs would finally be used during the period of the Soviet Union and in modern independent Ukraine.
The latter's reconstruction was criticised by some art and architecture historians as a revivalist fantasy.
Russia eventually conquered the south of Ukraine and Crimea, and renamed them as New Russia.
Previously, the city was seen as only a regional centre, hence received little attention.
This meant that much-admired examples such as the St. Michael's Golden-Domed Monastery were destroyed.
However, by 1955, the new politics of architecture once again stopped the project from fully being realised.
Music is a major part of Ukrainian culture, with a long history and many influences.
Elements from traditional Ukrainian folk music made their way into Western music and even into modern jazz.
During the Baroque period, music was an important discipline for those that had received a higher education in Ukraine.
The music of these three groups differs considerably, as do the audiences for whom they cater.
Kiev dominates the media sector in Ukraine: the Kyiv Post is Ukraine's leading English-language newspaper.
Sanoma publishing Ukrainian editions of such magazines as Esquire, Harpers Bazaar and National Geographic Magazine.
Such policies left Ukraine with hundreds of stadia, swimming pools, gymnasia and many other athletic facilities.
This award was only presented to one Ukrainian after the dissolution of the Soviet Union, Andriy Shevchenko.
So far, Ukraine at the Olympics has been much more successful in Summer Olympics than in the Winter Olympics.
Ukrainians also tend to eat a lot of potatoes, grains, fresh, boiled or pickled vegetables.
Ukrainians drink stewed fruit, juices, milk, buttermilk , mineral water, tea and coffee, beer, wine and .
Official Soviet data is not available because the Soviet government denied the existence of the famine.
e. Russia and Kazakhstan are the first and second largest but both these figures include European and Asian territories.
On the other hand, when the question 'What language do you use in everyday life?'
He implemented Congressional Reconstruction, often at odds with Lincoln's successor, Andrew Johnson.
Grant confronted Robert E. Lee in a series of bloody battles, trapping Lee's army in their defense of Richmond.
In April 1865, Lee surrendered to Grant at Appomattox, effectively ending the war.
After the Civil War, Grant led the army's supervision of Reconstruction in the former Confederate states.
In foreign policy, Grant sought to increase American trade and influence, while remaining at peace with the world.
In trade policy, Grant's administration implemented a gold standard and sought to strengthen the dollar.
Leaving office in 1877, he embarked on a widely praised world tour lasting over two years.
In 1880, Grant was unsuccessful in obtaining a Republican nomination for a third term.
Historians' evaluations were negative about his presidency before recovering somewhat beginning in the 1980s.
In his youth, Grant developed an unusual ability to work with and control horses.
As a general he rode the strongest and most challenging horse available, and was sometimes injured in riding.
Quiet by nature, he established a few intimate friends, including Frederick Tracy Dent and Rufus Ingalls.
Glad to leave the academy, his plan was to resign his commission after his four-year term of duty.
Despite his excellent horsemanship, he was not assigned to the cavalry , but to the 4th Infantry Regiment.
He was made regimental quartermaster, managing supplies and equipment, with the rank of brevet second lieutenant.
Grant's first assignment after graduation took him to the Jefferson Barracks near St. Louis, Missouri.
It was the nation's largest military base in the west, commanded by Colonel Stephen W. Kearny.
Although a quartermaster, Grant led a cavalry charge at the Battle of Resaca de la Palma.
The army met the Mexican forces at the battles of Molino del Rey and Chapultepec outside Mexico City.
Scott's army entered the city, and the Mexicans agreed to peace soon afterward.
He opined that the Civil War was punishment inflicted on the nation for its aggression in Mexico.
Grant's mandatory service expired during the war, but he chose to remain a soldier.
Grant's first post-war assignments took him and Julia to Detroit and then to Sackets Harbor, New York.
In 1852, Grant's next assignment sent him west to Fort Vancouver in the Oregon Territory.
Julia, who was eight months pregnant with Ulysses Jr., did not accompany him.
He was unhappy being separated from his family, and rumors circulated that he was drinking to excess.
At age 32, with no civilian vocation, Grant struggled through seven financially lean years.
In 1855, Grant farmed on his brother-in-law's property near St. Louis, using slaves owned by Julia's father.
The farm was not successful and to earn money he sold firewood on St. Louis street corners.
In 1857, Grant acquired a slave, a thirty-five-year-old man named William Jones, from his father-in-law.
The Panic of 1857 devastated farmers, including Grant, who was forced to rent out Hardscrabble the following year.
Having met with no success farming, the Grants left the farm when their fourth and final child was born in 1858.
In 1860, Jesse offered him the job in Galena without conditions, and Grant accepted.
Before the attack on Fort Sumter, Grant had not reacted strongly to Southern secession.
After hearing a speech by his father's attorney, John Aaron Rawlins, Grant found renewed energy in the Union cause.
McClellan refused to meet him, remembering Grant's earlier reputation for drinking while stationed in California.
Meanwhile, he continued serving at the training camps and made a positive impression on the volunteer Union recruits.
To restore discipline, Grant had one troublemaker bound and gagged to a post for being drunk and disorderly.
Under Frémont's authority Grant advanced into Paducah and took the town without a fight.
They took the camp, but the reinforced Confederates under Brigadier General Gideon J. Pillow forced a retreat to Cairo.
A tactical defeat, the battle nonetheless gave Grant and his volunteers confidence and experience.
Grant's troops, in close cooperation with Foote's naval forces captured Fort Henry on February 6, 1862.
On February 15, Grant and Foote met stiff resistance from Confederate forces under Pillow.
Grant rallied his troops, resumed the offensive, retook the Union right, and attacked Pillow's left.
Lincoln promoted Grant to major-general of volunteers while the Northern press treated Grant as a hero.
Grant's troops were not entrenched and were taken by surprise, falling back before the Confederate onslaught.
At day's end, the Confederates captured one Union division, but Grant's army was able to hold the Landing.
Shiloh was the costliest battle in American history to that point, with total casualties of about 23,800.
Halleck arrived at Pittsburg Landing on April 9, and removed Grant from field command, proceeding to capture Corinth.
Ordered to Washington, Halleck on July 11, reinstated Grant as field commander of the Army of the Tennessee.
Continuing east, he captured Jackson, the state capital and a railroad supply center.
At the Battle of Champion Hill, Pemberton's army was defeated, and forced to retreat into Vicksburg.
The fall of Vicksburg gave Union forces control over the Mississippi River and split the Confederacy in two.
After the Battle of Chickamauga, the Army of the Cumberland retreated into Chattanooga, where they were trapped.
When informed of the situation, Grant put Major General George H. Thomas in charge of the besieged army.
Taking command, Grant arrived in Chattanooga by horseback, devising plans to resupply the city and break the siege.
Lincoln also sent Major General Joseph Hooker and two divisions of the Army of the Potomac to assist.
On November 23, 1863, Grant organized three armies to attack at Missionary Ridge and Lookout Mountain.
Two days later in the early morning, Hooker's forces successfully took Lookout Mountain.
The Army of the Cumberland, led by Major General Philip Sheridan and Brigadier General Thomas J.
Major General Benjamin Butler was to advance towards Richmond from the south, up the James River.
If Lee was forced south as expected, Grant would join forces with Butler's armies and be fed supplies from the James.
Lee's army got to Spotsylvania first, and a costly battle ensued, lasting thirteen days.
During the third day of the thirteen-day battle, Grant led a costly assault on Lee's trenches.
Lee's army suffered 32,907 casualties, but he was less able to replace them.
The costly Union assault at Cold Harbor was the second of two battles in the war that Grant later said he regretted .
After crossing the James River undetected, Grant and the Army of the Potomac arrived at Petersburg.
Grant then ordered Sheridan's cavalry to destroy vital Confederate supplies in the Shenandoah Valley.
Grant approved of a plan to blow up part of the enemy trenches from an underground tunnel.
Recovering from the surprise, Confederates surrounded the crater and easily picked off Union troops within it.
As Grant continued to push the Union advance westward, Lee's lines became overstretched and undermanned.
After the Federal army rebuilt the City Point Railroad, Grant was able to use mortars to attack Lee's entrenchments.
On September 2, Sherman captured Atlanta while confederate forces retreated, ensuring Lincoln's reelection in November.
Sherman convinced Grant and Lincoln to send a Union Army to march to Savannah devastating the Confederate heartland.
Grant contacted Lincoln, who agreed to personally meet with the commissioners at Fort Monroe.
In late March 1865, Grant's forces finally took Petersburg, then captured Richmond that April.
Lee's troops began deserting in large numbers; disease and lack of supplies also diminished the remaining Confederates.
Lee and his army surrendered to Grant at Appomattox Court House on April 9, 1865.
On April 26, Johnson's Confederate army surrendered to Sherman under the same terms Grant offered to Lee.
On May 26, Kirby Smith's western Confederate army surrendered and the Civil War was over.
On April 14, five days after Grant's victory at Appomattox, he attended a cabinet meeting in Washington.
Lincoln invited him and his wife to Ford's Theater, but they declined as they had plans to travel to Philadelphia.
Many, including Grant himself, thought that he had been a target in the plot.
Secretary of War Stanton notified him of the President's death and summoned him back to Washington.
He joined Johnson in arguing that Congress should allow representatives from the South to take their seats.
On July 25, 1866, Congress promoted Grant to the newly created rank of General of the Army of the United States.
Over Johnson's vetoes, Congress renewed the Freedman's Bureau and passed the Civil Rights Act of 1866.
By complying with the Acts and instructing his subordinates to do likewise, Grant further alienated Johnson.
To keep Grant under control as a potential political rival, Johnson asked him to take the post.
Grant agreed to accept the post temporarily, and Stanton vacated the office until the Senate reconvened.
Grant disputed that he had ever made such a promise although cabinet members later testified he had done so.
Grant was the first president elected after the nation had outlawed slavery and granted citizenship to former slaves.
Grant lost Louisiana and Georgia primarily due to Ku Klux Klan violence against African American voters.
On March 4, 1869, Grant was sworn in as the eighteenth President of the United States by Chief Justice Salmon P. Chase.
In his effort to create national harmony, Grant purposely avoided choosing Republican Party leaders.
Rawlins died in office a few months later, and Grant appointed William W. Belknap as his replacement.
Grant, unlike his predecessor, advocated systematic federal enforcement of fundamental civil rights regardless of race.
That same year, Grant signed the Amnesty Act, which restored political rights to former Confederates.
Under public pressure Grant recalled General Sheridan and most of the federal troops from Louisiana.
However, it did not stop the rise of white supremacist forces in the South.
In October 1876, Grant sent troops to South Carolina to aid Republican Governor Daniel Chamberlain.
He appointed Ely S. Parker, a Seneca Indian and member of his wartime staff, as Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Under Major Generals Oliver Otis Howard and George Crook, Grant's policy had greater success in the Southwest.
In Oregon, relations were less peaceful, as war with the Modocs erupted in April 1873.
The Modocs refused to move to a reservation and killed the local army commander, Major General Edward Canby.
The army captured, tried, and executed the four Modoc warriors responsible for Canby's murder in October 1873.
Even before Grant became president, expansionists in American politics desired control over the Caribbean islands.
Andrew Johnson had recommended annexation but the early anti-imperialist Republicans in Congress rejected the plan.
Grant renewed negotiations to annex the Dominican Republic, led by Orville E. Babcock, a wartime confidant.
He sent Babcock to consult with Buenaventura Báez, who was then the Dominican president and supported annexation.
Secretary of State Hamilton Fish dismissed the idea, seeing the island as politically unstable and troublesome.
Grant personally lobbied Senators to pass the treaty, going so far as to visit Sumner at his home.
Fish added to the effort out of loyalty to the administration, but to no avail; the Senate refused to pass the treaty.
Sumner's role in leading opposition toward annexation led to political enmity between him and Grant.
The Americans claimed that Britain had violated neutrality by building ships for the Confederate Navy.
When the war ended, the United States demanded restitution, which the British refused to pay.
Soon after taking office, Grant took steps to return the nation's currency to a more secure footing.
The gold price continued to rise as the conspirators bought ever more, and the rising price affected the wider economy.
Grant, seeing that the increase was unnatural, told Boutwell to sell gold, thereby reducing its price.
Boutwell did so the next day, on September 22, 1869, later known as Black Friday.
To placate reformers, Grant created a Civil Service Commission authorized by Congress in 1871.
Congress refused to fund the Civil Service Commission in 1875 or pass legislation to implement its recommendations.
During the war, both factions' interests had aligned, and in 1868 both had supported Grant.
Many of that faction split from the party in 1872, calling themselves the Liberal Republican Party.
Wilson, a practical reformer and civil rights advocate, was meant to strengthen the Republican ticket.
To the Liberals' chagrin, Greeley made Grant's Southern policy, rather than reform, the main campaign issue.
Grant won 56 percent of the popular vote and an Electoral College landslide of 286 to 66.
A majority of African Americans in the South voted for Grant, while Democratic opposition remained mostly peaceful.
The Coinage Act discontinued the standard silver dollar and established the gold dollar as the sole monetary standard.
Congress hoped inflation would stimulate the economy and passed what became known as the Inflation Bill in 1874.
Grant unexpectedly vetoed the bill, saying that it would destroy the credit of the nation.
After losing the House to the Democrats in the 1874 elections, the lame-duck Republican Congress did so.
On January 14, 1875, Grant signed the Specie Payment Resumption Act into law.
Although personally honest with his own money matters, Grant had difficulty in spotting corruption in others.
To quell the public outcry and prevent future fraud, Congress passed the Anti-Moiety Act.
In 1874, on becoming Treasury Secretary, Benjamin H. Bristow began a series of reforms.
These led to 110 convictions, and millions in tax dollars were restored to the Treasury.
In 1876, Babcock was found not guilty at a trial in which Grant testified on his behalf through a deposition.
After the trial, under public pressure, Grant dismissed Babcock from the White House.
Congress also investigated and reprimanded Navy Secretary George M. Robeson in 1876 for receiving bribes.
In 1875, Pierrepont cleaned up corruption among the United States Attorneys and Marshals in the South.
Voting irregularities in three Southern states caused the election that year to remain undecided for several months.
The Grants dined with Queen Victoria at Windsor Castle, and Grant gave several speeches in London.
The Grants left from England by ship, sailing through the Suez Canal to India.
Leaving Hong Kong, the Grants visited the cities of Canton, Shanghai, and Peking, China.
They crossed the Pacific and landed in San Francisco in September 1879, greeted by cheering crowds.
After a visit to Yosemite Valley, they returned at last to Philadelphia on December 16, 1879.
Opponents denounced the idea as a violation of the two-term rule that had been the norm since George Washington.
Even so, Conkling and John A. Logan began to organize delegates in Grant's favor.
Subsequent ballots followed, with roughly the same result; neither Grant nor Blaine could win.
The 306 votes Grant received on the last ballot was not enough to secure the nomination.
Garfield won the popular vote by a narrow margin, but solidly won the Electoral College—214 to 155.
After the election, Grant gave Garfield his public support, and pushed him to include Stalwarts in his administration.
When he returned to America, Grant had depleted most of his savings and needed to earn money and find a new home.
Arthur and the Mexican government agreed, but the United States Senate rejected the treaty in 1883.
At the same time, Grant's son Ulysses Jr. had opened a Wall Street brokerage house with Ferdinand Ward.
Regarded as a rising star, Ward, and the firm, Grant & Ward, were initially successful.
In 1883, Grant joined the firm and invested $100,000 of his own money.
Grant & Ward pledged that collateral to borrow more money to trade in securities on the firm's own account.
Ward, having colluded with the bank involved, did this for many of the firm's assets.
When the trades went bad, multiple loans came due, all backed up by the same collateral.
Historians agree that Grant was likely unaware of Ward's tactics, but it is unclear how much Buck Grant knew.
In May 1884, enough investments went bad to convince Ward that the firm would soon be bankrupt.
Ward told Grant of the impending failure, but suggested that this was a temporary shortfall.
Grant approached businessman William Henry Vanderbilt, who gave him a personal loan of $150,000.
Grant invested the money in the firm, but it was not enough to save the firm from failure.
Although the proceeds did not cover the loan, Vanderbilt insisted the debt had been paid in full.
Grant asked his former staff officer, Adam Badeau, to help edit his work.
His memoir ends with the Civil War, and does not cover the post-war years, including his presidency.
The memoir has been highly regarded by the public, military historians, and literary critics.
In the days preceding his death, Grant's wife, Julia, all of his children, and three grandchildren were present.
A quarter of a million people viewed it in the two days before the funeral.
Hailed across the North as the winning general in a great war, his nomination as president seemed inevitable.
In 1877, there was bipartisan approval of Grant's peaceful handling of the electoral crisis.
At the same time, commentators and scholars portrayed his administration as the most corrupt in American history.
Views of Grant reached new lows as he was seen as an unsuccessful president and an unskilled, if lucky, general.
However, she argues: Throughout the 20th century, historians ranked his presidency near the bottom.
Named in his honor are Grant Park as well as several counties in western and midwestern states.
Grant has appeared on the front of the United States fifty-dollar bill since 1913, and appears on several stamps.
Una Merkel was born in Covington, Kentucky, and grew up in Philadelphia and New York City.
However, she spent most of her time in New York City working on Broadway.
Her film career went into decline during the 1940s, although she continued working in smaller productions.
She was found unconscious by a nurse who was caring for her at the time and remained in a coma for a day.
On January 2, 1986, Merkel died of undisclosed causes in Los Angeles at the age of 82.
She is buried near her parents, Arno and Bess Merkel, in Highland Cemetery in Fort Mitchell, Kentucky.
Northern Ireland is the only part of the UK that shares a land border with another state—the Republic of Ireland.
The country has an area of , making it the 80th-largest sovereign state in the world and the 11th-largest in Europe.
The United Kingdom is the 22nd-most populous country, with an estimated 64.5 million inhabitants.
The UK consists of four countries: England, Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland.
Wales was annexed by the Kingdom of England under the Acts of Union of 1536 and 1543.
British influence can be observed in the language, culture, and legal systems of many of its former colonies.
It was the world's first industrialised country and the world's foremost power during the 19th and early 20th centuries.
It is a recognised nuclear weapons state and its military expenditure ranks fifth or sixth in the world.
The UK has been a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council since its first session in 1946.
However, it is sometimes used as a loose synonym for the United Kingdom as a whole.
Its first page shows the long form name of the state in English, Welsh and Scottish Gaelic.
Most of the region settled by the Anglo-Saxons became unified as the Kingdom of England in the 10th century.
The Norman elites greatly influenced, but eventually assimilated with, each of the local cultures.
Subsequent medieval English kings completed the conquest of Wales and made an unsuccessful attempt to annex Scotland.
The British constitution would develop on the basis of constitutional monarchy and the parliamentary system.
In the 18th century, cabinet government developed under Robert Walpole, in practice the first prime minister .
In the early 19th century, the British-led Industrial Revolution began to transform the country.
Few ordinary workers had the vote, and they created their own organisations in the form of trade unions.
The British Empire was expanded to include India, large parts of Africa and many other territories throughout the world.
After the turn of the century, the UK's industrial monopoly was challenged by Germany and the United States.
The UK fought with France, Russia and the US, against Germany and its allies in World War I .
After the war, the UK received the League of Nations mandate over a number of former German and Ottoman colonies.
However, the UK had suffered 2.5 million casualties and finished the war with a huge national debt.
A wave of strikes in the mid-1920s culminated in the UK General Strike of 1926.
The UK had still not recovered from the effects of the war when the Great Depression occurred.
The UK entered World War II by declaring war on Germany in 1939, after it had invaded Poland and Czechoslovakia.
In 1940, the RAF defeated the German Luftwaffe in a struggle for control of the skies in the Battle of Britain.
UK forces played an important role in the Normandy landings of 1944, achieved with its ally the US.
The UK became one of the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council.
However, the war left the UK severely weakened and depending financially on the Marshall Plan.
Over the next three decades, most colonies of the British Empire gained their independence.
As a result of a shortage of workers in the 1950s, the UK government encouraged immigration from Commonwealth countries.
When the EEC became the European Union in 1992, the UK was one of the 12 founding members.
The Treaty of Lisbon was signed in 2007, which forms the constitutional basis of the European Union since then.
From the late 1960s, Northern Ireland suffered communal and paramilitary violence conventionally known as the Troubles.
From 1984, the economy was helped by the inflow of substantial North Sea oil revenues.
However, controversy surrounds some of Britain's overseas military deployments, particularly in Afghanistan and Iraq.
In 1993 10% of the UK was forested, 46% used for pastures and 25% cultivated for agriculture.
It is connected to continental Europe by the Channel Tunnel, which at is the longest underwater tunnel in the world.
England accounts for just over half of the total area of the UK, covering .
Its principal rivers are the Severn, Thames, Humber, Tees, Tyne, Tweed, Avon, Exe and Mersey.
Wales accounts for less than a tenth of the total area of the UK, covering .
Wales is mostly mountainous, though South Wales is less mountainous than North and mid Wales.
The 14, or possibly 15, Welsh mountains over 3,000 feet high are known collectively as the Welsh 3000s.
Several islands lie off the Welsh mainland, the largest of which is Anglesey in the northwest.
Northern Ireland, separated from Great Britain by the Irish Sea and North Channel, has an area of and is mostly hilly.
It includes Lough Neagh which, at , is the largest lake in the British Isles by area.
Summers are warmest in the south-east of England, being closest to the European mainland, and coolest in the north.
Local councils are made up of elected councillors, of whom there are currently 1,223; they are paid a part-time salary.
Elections are conducted by single transferable vote in multi-member wards that elect either three or four councillors.
Each council elects a Provost, or Convenor, to chair meetings of the council and to act as a figurehead for the area.
Councillors are subject to a code of conduct enforced by the Standards Commission for Scotland.
The representative association of Scotland's local authorities is the Convention of Scottish Local Authorities .
These include the cities of Cardiff, Swansea and Newport which are unitary authorities in their own right.
The most recent elections were held in May 2012, except for the Isle of Anglesey.
Their powers are limited to services such as collecting waste, controlling dogs and maintaining parks and cemeteries.
On 13 March 2008 the executive agreed on proposals to create 11 new councils and replace the present system.
They are the remnants of the British Empire and several have specifically voted to remain British territories .
The Crown dependencies are possessions of the Crown, as opposed to overseas territories of the UK.
Since 2005 each Crown dependency has had a Chief Minister as its head of government.
The current Prime Minister is David Cameron, who has been in office since 11 May 2010.
The Welsh Government and the National Assembly for Wales have more limited powers than those devolved to Scotland.
The Executive is led by a diarchy representing unionist and nationalist members of the Assembly.
Currently, Peter Robinson and Martin McGuinness are First Minister and deputy First Minister respectively.
Today the UK has three distinct systems of law: English law, Northern Ireland law and Scots law.
Both English law, which applies in England and Wales, and Northern Ireland law are based on common-law principles.
The chief courts are the Court of Session, for civil cases, and the High Court of Justiciary, for criminal cases.
The Supreme Court of the United Kingdom serves as the highest court of appeal for civil cases under Scots law.
The Commander-in-Chief is the British monarch, Elizabeth II, to whom members of the forces swear an oath of allegiance.
By emerging victorious from such conflicts, Britain has often been able to decisively influence world events.
Since the end of the British Empire, the UK has nonetheless remained a major military power.
The creative industries accounted for 7% GVA in 2005 and grew at an average of 6% per annum between 1997 and 2005.
Manufacturing remains a significant part of the economy but accounted for only 16.7% of national output in 2003.
BAE Systems plays a critical role in some of the world's biggest defence aerospace projects.
As well as this it manufactures the Hawk, the world's most successful jet training aircraft.
Rolls-Royce is forecast to have more than 50% of the widebody market share by 2016, ahead of General Electric.
On 2 November 2015, BAE Systems announced they have bought a 20% stake in Reaction Engines ltd.
Total UK government debt rose from 44.4% of GDP in 2007 to 82.9% of GDP in 2011.
However, by the end of 2014, UK growth was the fastest in the G7, the fastest in Europe.
The poverty line in the UK is commonly defined as being 60% of the median household income.
In 2007–2008 13.5 million people, or 22% of the population, lived below this line.
This is a higher level of relative poverty than all but four other EU members.
As a percentage of GDP, external debt is 408% which is third highest in the world after Luxembourg and Iceland.
A radial road network totals of main roads, of motorways and of paved roads.
The M25, encircling London, is the largest and busiest bypass in the world.
Railways in Northern Ireland are operated by NI Railways, a subsidiary of state-owned Translink.
The UK government is to spend £30 billion on a new high-speed railway line, HS2, to be operational by 2025.
Crossrail, under construction in London, Is Europe's largest construction project with a £15 billion projected cost.
In the year from October 2009 to September 2010 UK airports handled a total of 211.4 million passengers.
In that period the three largest airports were London Heathrow Airport , Gatwick Airport and London Stansted Airport .
In 2006, the UK was the world's ninth-largest consumer of energy and the 15th-largest producer.
The 1908, 1948 and 2012 Summer Olympics were held in London, making it the first city to host the games three times.
Britain has participated in every modern Olympic Games to date and is third in the medal count.
A 2003 poll found that football is the most popular sport in the United Kingdom.
Each of the Home Nations has its own football association, national team and league system.
The English top division, the Premier League, is the most watched football league in the world.
The first-ever international football match was contested by England and Scotland on 30 November 1872.
England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland compete as separate countries in international competitions.
A Great Britain Olympic football team was assembled for the first time to compete in the London 2012 Olympic Games.
In 2003, rugby union was ranked the second most popular sport in the UK.
Sport governing bodies in England, Scotland, Wales and Ireland organise and regulate the game separately.
If any of the British teams or the Irish team beat the other three in a tournament, then it is awarded the Triple Crown.
Cricket was invented in England, and its laws were established by Marylebone Cricket Club in 1788.
Team members are drawn from the main county sides, and include both English and Welsh players.
There is a professional league championship in which clubs representing 17 English counties and 1 Welsh county compete.
The modern game of tennis originated in Birmingham, England in the 1860s, before spreading around the world.
The UK hosts legs of the Grand Prix motorcycle racing, World Rally Championship and FIA World Endurance Championship.
Motorcycle road racing has a long tradition with races such as the Isle of Man TT and the North West 200.
Rugby league originated in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire in 1895 and is generally played in Northern England.
Super League is the highest level of professional rugby league in the UK and Europe.
It consists of 11 teams from Northern England, 1 from London, 1 from Wales and 1 from France.
Snooker is another of the UK's popular sporting exports, with the world championships held annually in Sheffield.
The possibility of redesigning the Union Flag to include representation of Wales has not been completely ruled out.
Britannia is symbolised as a young woman with brown or golden hair, wearing a Corinthian helmet and white robes.
It is also used as a symbol on the non-ceremonial flag of the British Army.
Hagen was cast, early on, as Ophelia by the actress-manager Eva Le Gallienne.
She played Blanche opposite at least four different Stanley Kowalskis, including Anthony Quinn and Marlon Brando.
She began there in 1947, and married its co-founder, Herbert Berghof, on January 25, 1957.
My love of acting was slowly reawakened as I began to deal with a strange new technique of evolving in the character.
I was not allowed to begin with, or concern myself at any time with, a preconceived form.
Harvey Korman talks about studying under her during his Archive of American Television interview in 2004.
It is, however, commonly believed to have been founded circa 1322 by the Counts of Werdenberg.
In 1322 a mention of the castle is made, which was sacked by the Swiss in 1499 during the Swabian War.
Tiny Schellenberg and Vaduz possessed exactly the political status required: no feudal lord other than the Emperor.
It is on this date that Liechtenstein became a sovereign member state of the Holy Roman Empire.
The castle is visible from almost any location in Vaduz, being perched atop a steep hill in the middle of the city.
The closest railway station is Schaan–Vaduz located around from the city centre in the town of Schaan.
However, very few trains stop here except for a local service between Buchs in Switzerland and Feldkirch in Austria.
The building is an architectural landmark built by the Swiss architects Morger, Degelo and Kerez.
It was completed in November 2000 and forms a “black box” of tinted concrete and black basalt stone.
The club play at the 8,000-capacity Rheinpark Stadion, which also hosts the Liechtenstein national football team.
Vaduz’s warmest month, July, sees average high temperatures reach while average low temperatures are about .
The city’s coldest month, January, sees average highs of and average lows of . 
She has also done ads for J.C. Penney, Toyota, Coors Dry, Caroche-Spain and Honda-Tahiti.
Her mother is related to the Royal House of Makea Karika in the Cook Islands.
As of 2007 she's a very private person and tends to keep to herself.
She currently resides in Los Angeles, California with her new husband , daughter and son.
 Valarie Pettiford Valarie Pettiford is an American stage and television actress, dancer, and jazz singer.
Pettiford began her career as a dancer and choreographer in Bob Fosse productions on Broadway.
She is married to her manager, actor and former Philadelphia Phillies pitcher Tony Rader.
Hansen retired from acting in the late 1970s, and died in Hollywood in 1993, aged 60, from cancer. 
For them, she performed in at least six silent films including one feature-length production.
This led to Valkyrien going to the U.S. where she was signed by the Bayonne, New Jersey, studio owner David Horsley.
Valkyrien's last film is probably her most remembered, although she had only a secondary role.
She married a second time to the New York industrialist Robert Stuart Otto with whom she had another child, Jean Otto.
Valda Valkyrien moved to the West Coast where she lived until her death in Los Angeles in 1956 after a lengthy illness.
Russian-born, the daughter of a Moscow stage actress, Zimina served with the Women's Battalion of Death for three years.
She was in a Siberian prison, from which she escaped and made her way across Asia and onto Hollywood.
She has had number of acting roles in television series filmed in New York City area.

 Valerie Azlynn Valerie Azlynn is an American actress who has appeared in several television shows and movies.
Valerie Azlynn was born Valerie Asselin in New London, Connecticut and was raised there.
Valerie studied acting for two years at The New York Conservatory for Dramatic Arts in New York City.

Curtin was born in New York City, the daughter of radio actor Joseph Curtin.
Curtin played a character named Jenny, who eventually became Janet Wood, played by Joyce DeWitt.
Harper is also known for her stage work, having appeared in several Broadway productions.
Harper was born in Suffern, New York, the daughter of Iva Mildred and Howard Donald Harper.
Her father was a lighting salesman, and her mother was born in Canada and trained as a nurse.
When her family returned to Oregon, Harper remained in the New York City area to study ballet.
She won four Emmy Awards and a Golden Globe Award for her work as Rhoda Morgenstern throughout this period.
Harper is a member of the Screen Actors Guild and ran for president in the 2001 election, losing to Melissa Gilbert.
The play had a brief run on Broadway at the Lyceum Theatre, from February 2010 through April 2010.
Harper later married Tony Cacciotti in 1987; the couple has a daughter by adoption.
She said her doctors had given her as little as three months' life expectancy.
Later on the 30th she was taken via medevac to a larger hospital for further treatment.
Harper is a one-time Tony nominee, eight-time Emmy nominee and a six-time Golden Globe nominee .
Born in New York City to Sally Landsburg, a psychologist and author, and Alan Landsburg.
In 1980 she took over the role of Libby in Neil Simon's I Ought to Be in Pictures.
In addition to acting, Landsburg has directed several feature films and episodic television shows.
Mahaffey was born in Indonesia and moved to Austin, Texas at the age of 16.
Owing to her father's career, Perrine lived in many locations as the family moved to different posts.
For this role, she was nominated for the 1979 Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress.
Over the course of her career, Surrat appeared in eleven silent films all of which are now lost.
Suratt later moved to Indianapolis where she worked as an assistant in a millinery at a department store.
She became noted for appearing in playlets where she played a variety of roles in comedies and melodramas.
Suratt reportedly wore more than 150 gowns in the film which cost $25,000 each.
She made a total of eleven silent films during her career, all of which are now considered lost.
Suratt, who had left films in 1917, appeared to be unofficially blacklisted after the suit.
In the 1930s, she was discovered living in a cheap hotel in New York City and was broke.
After novelist Fannie Hurst learned of Suratt's situation, she organized a benefit for her which raised around $2,000.
In an attempt to revive her career, Suratt tried to sell her life story to one of William Randolph Hearst's newspapers.
Suratt never revived her career on the stage or in films and fell out of public view.
Her first husband was William J. Flannery , known as Billy Gould, a vaudeville comedian known for his minstrel roles.
In 1911, she married actor Fletcher Norton to whom she remained married until Norton's death in 1941.
Valeska Suratt died in a nursing home in Washington, D.C. on July 2, 1962.
 Valletta Valletta is the capital city of Malta, colloquially known as Il-Belt in Maltese.
The City of Valletta was officially recognised as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1980.
The building of a city on the Sciberras Peninsula had been proposed by the Order of Saint John as early as 1524.
In 1552, the watchtower was demolished and the larger Fort Saint Elmo was built in its place.
The foundation stone of the city was laid by Grand Master de Valette on 28 March 1566.
De Valette died from a stroke on 21 August 1568 at age 74 and never saw the completion of his city.
Seven Auberges were built for the Order's Langues, and these were complete by the 1580s.
An eighth Auberge, Auberge de Bavière, was later added in the 18th century.
In 1798, the Order left the islands and the French occupation of Malta began.
The Malta Railway, which linked Valletta to Mdina, was officially opened in 1883.
The Royal Opera House, constructed at the city entrance in the 19th century, was one of the buildings lost to the raids.
Other elections were held in 1996, 1999, 2002, 2005, 2008, 2013, and the next elections are set to be held in 2017.
Valletta is the capital city of Malta, and is the country's administrative and commercial hub.
The Grand Harbour is Malta's major port, with unloading quays at nearby Marsa.
Valletta features a Mediterranean climate with warm, dry summers and mild, wet winters.
The architecture of Valletta's streets and piazzas ranges from mid-16th century Baroque to Modernism.
Buildings of historic importance include St John's Co-Cathedral, formerly the Conventual Church of the Knights of Malta.
Built in 1574, it was one of Europe's most renowned hospitals during the Renaissance.
In the 1950s the city demolished the Manderaggio, and rebuilt it as a housing estate.
It now houses a small theatre, a cinema, music rooms and art galleries.
Jazz music in Malta was introduced in the Strait Street area, frequented by Allied sailors during both world wars.
Valletta is the scene of the Maltese Carnival, held in February leading up to Lent.
Carnival in Gozo is celebrated in Victoria and parishes in both islands hold their own festivities.
Malta International Airport serves Valletta, with the airport located from the city in the town of Luqa.
Traffic within the city itself is restricted, with some principal roads being completely pedestrian areas.
While there, she was movie critic and feature writer for the Daily Bruin, the campus newspaper.
In her adult years, she had an interview program on the Voice of America.
Brown was a junior member of the National Board of Review, the critical panel serving the motion picture industry.
RKO changed her screen name to Vanessa Brown and assigned her to a series of ingenue roles over the next few years.
Brown was active in the Democratic Party, serving as a delegate to the party's national convention in 1956.
In 1962, she was a member of the campaign committee for Adlai Stevenson when he ran for governor of California.
A gallery in Beverly Hills, California, held a one-woman show of her work in 1958.
Brown was married to Dr. Robert Alan Franklyn, a prominent plastic surgeon, from 1950 to 1957.
Brown has two stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, for her contribution to motion pictures and for television . 
Ferlito is a single mother who gave birth to her son Vince in September 2007. 
Her mother, Gina , held a succession of office jobs, and her father, Gregory Hudgens, was a firefighter.
The film saw Hudgens' portraying the new girl at high school who falls for the captain of the basketball team.
The two later reveal a passion for singing, and audition for the school play together.
The film, released on January 20, 2006, was both a critical and commercial success.
On December 29, 2006, it became the first Disney Channel Original Movie to be broadcast on the BBC.
The song also reached number 9 in the UK, her highest chart entry in the country.
Both singles received heavy promotion on Disney Channel, with the music videos for both premiering on the channel.
The film was generally well received by critics, gaining a score of 77 10.
The film was screened at ShoWest and it drew enthusiastic reactions from the luncheon crowd of exhibition officials.
It also opened in 23 markets that weekend, standing at sixth in the overseas box office with $6.5 million.
The film featured mature themes such as drug use, sexual escapades, and violence.
Hudgens subsequently released a statement indicating that she declined to comment further on the subject.
In August 2009, another set of pictures showing Hudgens topless emerged on the Internet.
Hudgens' representatives did not comment, though her lawyers requested the removal of the pictures from the Internet.
If anything, it makes it more embarrassing, because that was a private thing.
Hudgens was represented by William Morris Agency but signed on to Creative Artists Agency in 2011.
Hudgens promotes Neutrogena and was the 2008 featured celebrity for Sears' back-to school campaign.
In 2007, she became a spokesperson for Mark Ecko products but ended the contract after two years.
Schall claims Hudgens owed him $150,000 after helping her earn more than $5 million for her music career.
Vieira accuses Hudgens of abandoning her talent team as soon as she became a commercial name.

Along with acting, Evigan's other two passions in life are singing and finding a cure for muscular dystrophy.
After losing a friend to muscular dystrophy in high school, she began raising awareness of the condition.
The group consisted of Evigan, Brianna Hayes and Rachel Riggs playing the characters of Cela, Chilly and Trill.
Evigan formerly dated Linkin Park drummer Rob Bourdon in 2000 for seven years, until they split in 2007. 
Her sister Laura, who was on the scene with her, also impressed the agency.
In 2013, she starred in Restless Virgins which was inspired by a true story.
I think she's so weird because she's, like, 22 but hangs out with high-schoolers.
On June 14, 2015, they got married at the picturesque Condor's Nest Ranch in eastern San Diego County, California. 
Zima was born in Phillipsburg, New Jersey, the daughter of Dennis and Marie.
Zima has an older sister, Madeline, and a younger sister, Yvonne, both of whom are actresses.
 Vatican City Vatican City , officially the Vatican City State , is a walled enclave within the city of Rome.
It is an ecclesiastical or sacerdotal-monarchical state ruled by the Bishop of Rome – the Pope.
Within Vatican City are cultural sites such as St. Peter's Basilica, the Sistine Chapel and the Vatican Museums.
The name was first used in the Lateran Treaty, signed on 11 February 1929, which established the modern city-state.
This area became the site of martyrdom of many Christians after the Great Fire of Rome in AD 64.
Ancient tradition holds that it was in this circus that Saint Peter was crucified upside-down.
From then on, the area became more populated in connection with activity at the basilica.
A palace was constructed nearby as early as the 5th century during the pontificate of Pope Symmachus .
The Lateran Palace, on the opposite side of Rome was their habitual residence for about a thousand years.
Another raid took place on 13 August 1943, after Mussolini had been ousted from power.
They claimed the new building would block views of the Basilica from nearby Italian apartments.
For a short while the plans strained the relations between the Vatican and the Italian government.
This grand approach was constructed by Benito Mussolini after the conclusion of the Lateran Treaty.
There are no passport controls for visitors entering Vatican City from the surrounding Italian territory.
The gardens, established during the Renaissance and Baroque era, are decorated with fountains and sculptures.
The gardens date back to medieval times when orchards and vineyards extended to the north of the Papal Apostolic Palace.
The state's foreign relations are entrusted to the Holy See's Secretariat of State and diplomatic service.
Nevertheless, the pope has both absolute power in the executive, legislative and judicial branches over Vatican City.
Those of the Vatican State remain under the control of the Pontifical Commission for the State of Vatican City.
All the decisions these four cardinals take must be approved by the College of Cardinals as a whole.
The state can thus be deemed a significant but not essential instrument of the Holy See.
Pope Francis, born Jorge Mario Bergoglio in Buenos Aires, Argentina, was elected on 13 March 2013.
The current President is Italian Cardinal Giuseppe Bertello, who was appointed on 1 October 2011.
The directors and officials of these offices are appointed by the pope for five-year terms.
Judicial functions are delegated to a supreme court, an appellate court, a tribunal , and a trial judge.
As the Vatican City is an enclave within Italy, its military defence is provided by the Italian armed forces.
Soldiers of the Swiss Guard are entitled to hold Vatican City State passports and nationality.
Members are equipped with small arms and the traditional halberd , and trained in bodyguarding tactics.
Civil defence is the responsibility of the Corps of Firefighters of the Vatican City State, the national fire brigade.
Dating its origins to the early nineteenth century, the Corps in its present form was established in 1941.
Because of space limitations, Vatican City is one of the few countries in the world that is unable to host embassies.
The incomes and living standards of lay workers are comparable to those of counterparts who work in the city of Rome.
Other industries include printing, the production of mosaics, and the manufacture of staff uniforms.
It has an ATM with instructions in Latin, possibly the only such ATM in the world.
It has used the euro as its currency since 1 January 1999, owing to a special agreement with the European Union .
Euro coins and notes were introduced on 1 January 2002—the Vatican does not issue euro banknotes.
As a result, all of the City's actual citizens are Catholic as are all the places of worship.
Italian is also the everyday language used by most of those who work in the state.
Vatican City's official website languages are Italian, English, French, German, and Spanish.
There are 16 articles in the new law, whereas the old law had 33 articles.
On 1 March 2011, only 220 of the over 800 people living in Vatican City were citizens.
The postal system was founded on 11 February 1929, and two days later became operational.
Vatican City has also been given a radio ITU prefix, HV, and this is sometimes used by amateur radio operators.
Crime in Vatican City consists largely of purse snatching, pickpocketing and shoplifting by outsiders.
The tourist foot-traffic in St. Peter's Square is one of the main locations for pickpockets in Vatican City.
Vatican City has no prison system, apart from a few detention cells for pre-trial detention.
 Veanne Cox Veanne Cox is an American stage and screen actress and former ballet dancer.

Vedah Bertram was born in Boston, Massachusetts as Adele Buck into a prominent Boston family .
She was one of the first acknowledged movie stars to be mourned by the public. 
The pair were engaged to be married in real life when he died in 1985.
To portray Ruby, Gray was costumed in a frizzy platinum blond wig and ostentatious clothing.
Two months later, in April, Gray began a contract role as a different character in the same series.
Her second character was Dr. Sharon Reaves, Patty Williams' demure and earnest psychiatrist.
In 1941, she settled in Havana, where she became a well-known show business personality.
In 1945, while in Mexico, she married the Cuban actor, producer and writer, Ramiro Gómez Kemp .

Her first husband was a fellow dancer, Robert Hightower, from February 1941 to November 1946.
Her second husband, from 1954 to their 1966 divorce, was millionaire Victor Rothschild of the Rothschild family.
Vera-Ellen also developed severe arthritis due to a combination of years of her dancing and anorexia.
She died from cancer at UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles, California, on August 30, 1981, at age sixty.
Her mother is a former schoolteacher, and her father is a retired computer systems analyst.
At the time, her grandfather was working as a mechanic for the United States Army.
As a child, she converted with her family from the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church to Pentecostalism.
When she was 12, Farmiga and her family moved from Irvington to Whitehouse Station, in Hunterdon County, New Jersey.
In addition to being a professionally trained folk dancer, she is also a classically trained pianist.
Farmiga went on to study performing arts at Syracuse University, from which she graduated in 1995.
The film follows the story of a man who falls in love with a young woman who is terminally ill.
The film was a box office success, making a total of $56,359,980 worldwide against a budget of $42 million.
It was well received by film critics and was a mild success at the worldwide box office, grossing $96,105,964 worldwide.
The film was lauded by critics and was nominated for five Academy Awards, winning four .
It was well received by film critics, and made a total of $44,083,403 worldwide against a budget of $12.5 million.
Farmiga won the British Independent Film Award for Best Actress for her role in the film.
The role earned her a nomination for Best Supporting Actress at the 2009 Critics' Choice Movie Awards.
On June 25, 2010, she was inducted into the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
The film was screened at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 14, 2010.
The film received acclaim from critics following its premiere at the Sundance Film Festival on January 23, 2011.
It was then given a limited release in the United States on August 26, 2011.
In addition to starring in the series, Farmiga has served as a producer since its second season.
Farmiga was nominated for the MTV Movie Award for Best Scared-As-S**t Performance for her role.
The film was shot in Bucharest, and was released in Romanian movie theaters on March 7, 2014.
The film was released in the United States on April 17, 2015 in a limited release and through video on demand.
The film was a mild success at the box office, grossing $83,719,388 from a budget of $50 million.
Farmiga portrays Alise Firth, whose 8-year-old son declares that he is a Mongolian goat herder born in the wrong place.
Farmiga and Roché separated in 2004, and were divorced in 2005 following eight years of marriage.
Their son, Fynn McDonnell Hawkey, was born on January 15, 2009 in Rhinebeck, New York.
Farmiga gave birth to their second child, a daughter named Gytta Lubov Hawkey, on November 4, 2010.
The family divides their time between homes in Ulster County, New York and Vancouver.
Through her marriage to Hawkey, she is the sister-in-law of actress and photographer Molly Hawkey.
Farmiga's younger sister is actress Taissa Farmiga, whom she considers her best friend.
 Vera Lewis Vera Lewis was an American film and stage actress, beginning in the silent film era.
At Vera's death, Monica was a widow and had become a nun known as Sister Monica.
Thus in addition to her four grandchildren, Vera and Ralph had 10 great grandchildren. 
Miles was born Vera June Ralston in 1929 in Boise City, Oklahoma to Thomas and Burnice Ralston.
She was crowned Miss Kansas in 1948 and was the third runner-up in the Miss America contest.
She would appear twice more on the series in different roles during its five-year run.
Throughout the 1980s until her retirement in 1995, Miles continued to work in both television and film.
They were married from 1948 until 1954, and had two daughters, Debra and Kelley.
On August 28, 1927, police in Hollywood reported that Reynolds had taken poison.
She explained that an excited telephone operator had phoned the police when her mother requested a doctor.
The actress was found unconscious on the floor of a bathroom in her Hollywood home.
Police responded initially to moans from the actress' mother who was outside the bathroom.
Reynolds' mother believed her daughter had taken the poison by mistake, believing it to be medicine.
Despite the actress' protestations she was transported to the emergency room and given emergency treatment.
Instead he thought Reynolds may have suffered an attack brought on by acute indigestion or ptomaine poisoning.
Police had discovered a half-filled bottle of poison in the bathroom which led to their initial conclusion.
She was born in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory and died in Carmel, California from a barbiturate overdose. 
She appeared in 99 films between 1915 and 1941, in her first years appearing as one of the Sennett Bathing Beauties.
Bloom was born in Lynn, Massachusetts and attended the School of Fine Arts in Boston University, graduating with a BFA.
She also had roles on live-action films, however, she was most active in radio programs.
Shortly before her father's death, Felton had performed in a local benefit for victims of the Galveston Flood.
The manager spoke to Felton's mother, offering to give Felton a job with his company.
In the story line, Mr. Wilson tries to convince Aunt Emma to leave her estate to him and his wife, Eloise .
Their son, Lee Carson Millar, Jr. , appeared as an actor on a variety of television series between 1952 and 1967.
Felton died of a stroke on the evening of December 14, 1966, the day before Walt Disney died.
Hillie began acting as a teenager in Detroit, Michigan, where she got a part in a radio drama on station WWJ.
When Paramount contacted her for a tryout, she reluctantly agreed, but eventually came to enjoy the process.
After her divorce from Linkroun, Hillie worked in health care administration for several years.
She appeared in the same year 2014, in the remake of The Town That Dreaded Sundown.
 Veronica Cooper Veronica Cooper was an American actress who appeared in a few films under the name Sandra Shaw.
She was the wife of the actor Gary Cooper and mother of painter Maria Cooper Janis.
Balfe did not see her father for many years, but kept in touch with her grandfather, who owned a ranch in California.
In 1933, she went to see her uncle, Cedric Gibbons, in Hollywood.
She was an enthusiastic sportswoman and was the female California skeet champion in the 1930s.
She is sometimes credited as Jane Hamilton, V. Hart, Veronica Heart, Victoria Holt, Randee Styles or just Veronica.
With the sale of VCA, her primary production company, to Hustler in 2003, Hart moved on to other work.
Including working as a tour guide at the now closed Erotic Heritage Museum in Las Vegas.
She made only one film in the 1950s but appeared in several guest-starring roles on television.
Lake died in July 1973 from hepatitis and acute kidney injury at the age of 50.
Her father, Harry E. Ockelman, was of German and Irish descent, and worked for an oil company aboard a ship.
She had a troubled childhood and was diagnosed as schizophrenic, according to her mother.
In 1938, the Keanes moved to Beverly Hills, where Lake enrolled in the Bliss-Hayden School of Acting .
While still a teenager, Lake was introduced to the Paramount producer Arthur Hornblow, Jr.
For a short time during the early 1940s, Lake was considered one of the most reliable box office draws in Hollywood.
She had begun drinking more heavily during this period, and a growing number of people refused to work with her.
Lake and her second husband, André de Toth, filed for bankruptcy that same year.
On the verge of a nervous breakdown and bankrupt, Lake ran away, left de Toth, and flew alone to New York.
In the summer of 1951, she was fed up; two marriages had failed, and she was typecast in Hollywood as a sex symbol.
In the book, Lake stated that her mother pushed her into a career as an actress.
Lake then moved to Ipswich, England, where she met and married Royal Navy captain Robert Carleton-Munro, in June 1972.
The marriage lasted just one year and Lake returned to the United States in June 1973.
She went to the Virgin Islands to await her divorce decree when she fell ill.
After purchasing an airplane for her husband, André de Toth, Lake earned her pilot's license in 1946.
Lake's fourth and final marriage was to Royal Navy captain Robert Carleton-Munro in June 1972.
She died there on July 7, 1973, of acute hepatitis and acute kidney injury.
Lake's memorial service was held at the Universal Chapel in New York City on July 11.
She was cremated and, according to her wishes, her ashes were scattered off the coast of the Virgin Islands.
In 2004, some of Lake's ashes were reportedly found in a New York antique store.
 Veronica Webb Veronica Webb is an American model, actress, writer, and television personality.
Webb graduated in 1983 from the Detroit Waldorf School and moved to New York to study design.
After a makeup artist saw her in a housewares boutique, Webb dropped out of school to become a model.
In New York, Webb pursued a modeling career and eventually became a spokesmodel for Revlon.
She was the first black supermodel to win an exclusive contract for a major cosmetics company.
In 2010, Webb was named a member of the Eucerin Skin First Council to promote skin health.
Webb learned French from Azzedine Alaia with whom she lived during her stay in Paris.
Webb dedicates her time to several charitable organizations: LIFEBeat, Product Red and the RPM Nautical Foundation.
Webb married George Robb in 2002 and had daughters Leila Rose Robb and Molly Blue Robb .
Webb ran the ING New York City Marathon for the first time in 2009 and ran for Harlem United Community AIDS Center. 
In 1935 she married actor Adolphe Menjou, and they remained together until his death in 1963.
Teasdale retired after the radio program finished its run, keeping busy with her hobby of costume design.
Originally credited as Vesta Williams, she was sometimes simply billed as Vesta beginning in the 1990s.
She once sang The Star Spangled Banner for the Los Angeles Lakers game opener using all four of those octaves.
Born in Coshocton, Ohio, United States, Williams' father was a disc jockey.
Later, she returned to Ohio but decided to go back to Los Angeles in order to launch a solo career.
In recent years, Williams had lost 100 pounds, going from size 26 to size 6.
It was at this time that Williams became an advocate for the prevention of childhood obesity and juvenile diabetes.
On September 22, 2011, Williams was found dead in a hotel room in El Segundo, California, a suburb of Los Angeles.
She is survived by her mother, daughter, three sisters, a brother, and three grandchildren. 

It is said that Bob Fosse considered Frederick as one of his favorite dancers of stage and film. 

The eclectic rock album has songs penned by Lewis as well as three cover songs.
 Vicki Vola Victoria Vola was an actress who used Vicki Vola as her professional name.
She attended a Denver ballet school and studied the violin as a pupil of Hungarian violinist Leopold Auer.
After appearing in a high school play, she joined a stock company touring in the Denver area.
She began in radio after seeking out an audition with a Denver station in 1932.
 Victoria Carroll Victoria Carroll is an American film, stage, television and voice actress and artist.
This led to an audition for Don Arden, who hired her to dance in his play.
In 2010, her work was featured as part of the Diverse Expression at The Universal Art Gallery.

In 1912, at age 16, she signed with Nestor Studios to make comedy films under director Al Christie.
During Forde's 5-year stay with Nestor, Al Christie would direct her in one hundred and sixteen short films.
Forde joined Selig Studios and became a star of Western films, frequently performing opposite cowboy actor Tom Mix.
Being of the Catholic faith she was interred in the Holy Cross Cemetery in Culver City, California. 
Foyt co-wrote and starred in four feature films, all of which have been directed by Jaglom.
Fyodorova's mother, Zoya Fyodorova, was a well-known Soviet actress starting in the 1930s.
When Stalin learned of the affair, Tate was declared persona non grata and expelled from Russia.
Tate was unaware of having a daughter and of his former lover's arrest and imprisonment.
When Kirk found Tate in 1973, she carried correspondence back and forth between the two.
In 1974, Tate began a campaign to convince the Soviet government to allow his daughter to travel to see him.
She was granted permission and arrived in the United States in March 1975 on a three-month travel visa.
Their son, Christopher Alexander Fyodor Pouy, was born on May 3, 1976.
 Victoria Horne Victoria Horne was an American character actress, appearing in 49 films during the 1940s and 1950s.
She was born in New York City, New York on November 1, 1911 to Ignatz Hornstein and Mary Louise Schoenwetter Hornstein.
She married actor Jack Oakie in 1950 and remained with him until his death on January 23, 1978.
After two failed attempts to develop the property, Oakridge was acquired by the City of Los Angeles.
After SNL, she appeared in a number of movies and appears as a stand-up comedian.
Jackson was born in Miami, Florida, the daughter of Marlene Esther and James McCaslin Jackson, a gym coach.
Jackson attended the private Dade Christian School, where she was a cheerleader and the Homecoming Queen.
Fourteen years of gymnastics competitions led to a scholarship at Furman University in Greenville, South Carolina.
Appearing in summer stock in Alabama led to a chance meeting with Johnny Crawford , who cast her in his night club act.
In 2010, Jackson stated that she did not vote until the 2000 presidential election when she was in her 40s.
In 2011, Jackson wrote that she thought she was being spied on because of her conservative views.
And if I didn't want to keep it because I had these horrible nightmares, I would adopt it out.
Justice's father is of English, German, and Irish descent, and her mother is of Puerto Rican origin.
She appeared in national commercials for Mervyn's, Peanut Butter Toast Crunch and Ovaltine.
After her appearance in the series, her family moved to Los Angeles, when Justice stated she wanted a career in acting.
Justice portrayed the role of Stella, a young girl who begins seeing visions of Mary Magdalene.
The season two episode that introduced Justice's character debuted on September 11, 2005.
May 2, 2008, saw the airing of the final episode of the series.
Justice announced in 2009 that she would be working on a thriller film, set for theatrical release.
When I was 12, Dan Schneider cast me as a new character, Lola Martinez.
The film was a major success for the network, drawing in 5.8 million viewers for the premiere.
The film currently holds a 69% approval rate on Rotten Tomatoes based on 24 reviews.
Victorious ended on February 2, 2013 due to reaching its 60-episode limit, therefore not having a proper ending.
It just really broke my heart, so I want to spread the word as much as I can and get other people working together.
The campaign aims to bring music, arts, and other programs to children while they're in the hospital.
Victoria Linchong was born in New York City and lived in Taiwan for two years at a young age.

Her mother, Ree Principal , was born in Gordon, Georgia, and was of English descent.
She has a younger sister, Kim, who is married to composer Russell Fetherolf.
She began her career in TV commercials, appearing in her first at age five.
She studied at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London, and then in 1971 moved to Los Angeles.
Based on the positive response to Principal, her role was enlarged by writer John Milius.
However, Principal decided to stop acting and became an agent, which was her profession from 1975 to late 1977.
She went on to star in various made-for-television movies, a few of which she co-produced.
In 1993 Principal received an honorary Law Degree from The University of West Los Angeles.
In 2004 she received an honorary degree from Drexel University's Business School and gave the commencement address.
In 1999, Principal became the youngest ever recipient of the Genii Lifetime Achievement Award for women in television.
She was 21 and he 39, and their brief relationship was Perkins' first heterosexual experience.
She married Beverly Hills plastic surgeon, Dr. Harry Glassman, in June, 1985.
Principal and Branson held a joint worldwide press conference in New Mexico where the space center is to be built.
On June 2, 2010, she donated $200,000 to the cleanup effort in the Gulf Coast region.
In 2003, a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs, California, Walk of Stars was dedicated to her.
Principal was on a panel with King, answered phones, and spoke to donors for the entire two hours.
Principal was honored at the opening of Legacy Park in Malibu on October 2, 2010.
Over a 12-year period, she served the Arthritis Foundation as honorary chairman and Ambassador to Government.
She is the co-chairman of Victory Over Violence, the LA County Domestic Violence Council Community Advisory Board.
On December 20, 2011, The Giving Back Fund named Principal as one of the Top 30 Celebrity Charity Donations for 2011.
In 2013 this system was completed and implemented, the first of its kind in California.
Born in New Jersey, she was the daughter of Victor Vinton and Lucille Vinton Strahl.
The favourite of director Busby Berkeley, who cast her in all of his musicals in the 1930s and 1940's.
Following the end of her Warner Bros. contract, she starred in six ultra-low budget westerns with other companies.
She played small parts after that, sometimes as small as a backup dancer or non-billed scene actor.
There is no information as to what she had done during her decades of absence from acting.
Born in Havana, Cuba, Guerra moved to the United States soon after, ending up in the town of Perth Amboy, New Jersey.
While growing up, she entered several fashion shows modeling swim wear, and has appeared in music videos.
In 2011, she appeared nude in a campaign for PETA, in support of vegetarianism. 
 Vienna Vienna is the capital and largest city of Austria, and one of the nine states of Austria.
Vienna is host to many major international organizations, including the United Nations and OPEC.
The city lies in the east of Austria and is close to the borders of the Czech Republic, Slovakia, and Hungary.
Evidence of these ties is still evident in Vienna's great Schottenstift monastery, once home to many Irish monks.
In 1145, Duke Henry II Jasomirgott moved the Babenberg family residence from Klosterneuburg to Vienna.
In the 16th and 17th centuries, the Ottoman armies were stopped twice outside Vienna .
A plague epidemic ravaged Vienna in 1679, killing nearly a third of its population.
With a share of 85.5% in gross value added, the service sector is Vienna’s most important economic sector.
However, the cultivation and production of wines within the city borders have a high socio-cultural value.
Altogether, approximately 8,300 new companies are being founded in Vienna every year since 2004.
In 2012 8,962 IT businesses with a workforce of 64,223 were located in the Vienna Region.
The main products are instruments and appliances for measuring, testing and navigation as well as electronic components.
In the 2014 ranking, Vienna reached third place among European cities behind Copenhagen and Amsterdam.
Once they are completed, the station will be served by 1,100 trains with 145,000 passengers.
In the vicinity of the station a new district is emerging with 550,000 m² office space and 5,000 apartments until 2020.
In 2014, the Vienna City Council adopted the Smart City Wien Framework Strategy 2050.
Additionally, Vienna aims to be one of the five biggest European research and innovation hubs in 2050.
On the banks of the Danube, there is a Buddhist Peace Pagoda, built in 1983 by the monks and nuns of Nipponzan Myohoji.
Art and culture had a long tradition in Vienna, including theatre, opera, classical music and fine arts.
In May 2015, Vienna hosted the 60th Annual Eurovision Song Contest following Austria's victory in the 2014 contest.
The Hofburg is the location of the Imperial Treasury , holding the imperial jewels of the Habsburg dynasty.
The Sisi Museum allows visitors to view the imperial apartments as well as the silver cabinet.
They provide a record of individual struggles, achievements and tragedy as the city grew and survived two world wars.
Most radical is the church's crypt, with its slender concrete columns and angular, cubist capitals and bases.
There are over 450 balls per year, some featuring as many as nine live orchestras.
Viennese of at least middle class may visit a number of balls in their lifetime.
For many, the ball season lasts three months and can include up to ten or fifteen separate appearances.
Dancers and opera singers from the Vienna State Opera often perform at the openings of the larger balls.
Vienna is Austria's main centre of education and home to many universities, professional colleges and gymnasiums .
Vienna's principal park is the Prater which is home to the Riesenrad, a Ferris wheel.
The imperial Schönbrunn's grounds contain an 18th-century park which includes the world's oldest zoo, founded in 1752.
In 2005 the Ice Hockey World Championships took place in Austria and the final was played in Vienna.
It is available in almost every restaurant that serves Viennese cuisine and can be eaten hot or cold.
Sachertorte, a delicately moist chocolate cake with apricot jam created by the Sacher Hotel, is world famous.
Sausages are popular and available from street vendors throughout the day and into the night.
Kebab, pizza and noodles are, increasingly, the snack foods most widely available from small stands.
The Grüner Veltliner, a dry white wine, is the most widely cultivated wine in Austria.
These coffee houses are unique to Vienna and many cities have unsuccessfully sought to copy them.
Viennese cafés claim that when the invading Turks left Vienna, they abandoned hundreds of sacks of coffee beans.
Julius Meinl set up a modern roasting plant in the same premises where the coffee sacks were found, in 1891.
Major tourist attractions include the imperial palaces of the Hofburg and Schönbrunn and the Riesenrad in the Prater.
There are also more than 100 art museums, which together attract over eight million visitors per year.
Modern attractions include the Hundertwasserhaus, the United Nations headquarters and the view from the Donauturm.
The city forms the hub of the Austrian railway system, with services to all parts of the country and abroad.
The railway system connects Vienna with other European cities, like Munich, Prague, Bratislava and Zürich.
Vienna is served by Vienna International Airport, located southeast of the city centre next to the town of Schwechat.
Additionally, Vienna is the seat of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law's secretariat .
Another extremely popular international event is the annual Life Ball, which supports people with HIV or AIDS.
The general policy of the City of Vienna is not to sign any twin or sister city agreements with other cities.
She was born Vilma Koncsics on January 9, 1901 to in Nagydorog, Austria-Hungary.
Shortly after her birth, her father as a police sergeant was transferred to Budapest, and the family relocated.
She had two siblings – an older brother, Gyula , and a younger sister, Gisella.
After graduation from secondary school, Bánky took courses to work as a stenographer, but was offered a role in a film.
On a trip to Budapest in 1925, Hollywood film producer Samuel Goldwyn discovered and signed her to a contract.
By 1928, she had begun announcing her intention to retire in a few years.
Of her twenty-four films, eight exist in their entirety , and three exist in fragments .
Her post Hollywood years were spent selling real estate with her husband and playing golf, her favorite sport.
In 1981, Bánky established an educational fund, The Banky–La Rocque Foundation, which was still in operation as of 2012.
She married actor Rod La Rocque in 1927; they remained married until his death in 1969.
She learned to dance at her father's dance studio in Orlando, Florida, in the 1920s.
Vilma and Buddy Ebsen moved to New York in 1928, where they formed a vaudeville act.
They had one child, a son named Robert, but later divorced in January 1948.
 Vilnius Vilnius is the capital of Lithuania and its largest city, with a population of 539,939 as of 2014.
Vilnius is located in the southeast part of Lithuania and is the second largest city of the Baltic states.
Vilnius is the seat of the Vilnius City Municipality and of the Vilnius District Municipality.
The first known written record of Vilnius as the Lithuanian capital is known from Gediminas' letters in 1323.
In 2009, Vilnius was the European Capital of Culture, together with the Austrian city of Linz.
On 28–29 November 2013, Vilnius hosted the Eastern Partnership Summit in the Palace of the Grand Dukes of Lithuania.
On 29 November 2013, Georgia and Moldova signed association and free trade agreements with the European Union.
Lying close to Vilnius is a site some claim to be the Geographical Centre of Europe.
Vilnius is connected by highways to other major Lithuanian cities, such as Kaunas , Šiauliai and Panevėžys .
Buildings occupy 29.1% of the city; green spaces occupy 68.8%; and waters occupy 2.1%.
The average annual temperature is ; in January the average temperature is , in July it is .
Other streets meander through the palaces of feudal lords and landlords, churches, shops and craftsmen's workrooms.
Narrow, curved streets and intimate courtyards developed in the radial layout of medieval Vilnius.
Vilnius Old Town, the historical centre of Vilnius, is one of the largest in Europe, at .
Although Vilnius is known as a Baroque city, there are examples of Gothic , Renaissance, and other styles.
Owing to its uniqueness, the Old Town of Vilnius was inscribed on the UNESCO World Heritage List in 1994.
The House of the Signatories, where the 1918 Act of Independence of Lithuania was signed, is now a historic landmark.
The biggest book fair in Baltic States is annually held in Vilnius at LITEXPO, the Baltic's biggest exhibition centre.
On 10 November 2007, the Jonas Mekas Visual Arts Center was opened by avant-garde filmmaker Jonas Mekas.
In the main square, the statue of an angel blowing a trumpet stands as a symbol of artistic freedom.
Vilnius is the major economic centre of Lithuania and one of the largest financial centres of the Baltic states.
Even though it is home to only 20% of Lithuania's population, it generates approximately 40% of Lithuania's GDP.
Vilnius contributed almost €3 billion to the national budget in 2008, making up about 40% of the budget.
In 2009, the was established in Vilnius, which is one of the bank's four global strategic engineering centres.
The university is currently divided into 14 faculties, 5 institutes, and 4 study and research centres.
Additionally, Eastern Rite Catholicism has maintained a presence in Vilnius since the Union of Brest.
The Vilna Gaon Jewish State Museum is dedicated to the history of Lithuanian Jewish life.
Vilnius has been home to an Eastern Orthodox Christian presence since the 13th or even the 12th century.
A famous Russian Orthodox Monastery of the Holy Spirit, is located near the Gate of Dawn.
Many Old Believers, who split from the Russian Orthodox Church in 1667, settled in Lithuania.
Almost half of Vilnius is covered by green areas, that is, parks, public gardens, natural reserves, and others.
Additionally, Vilnius is host to numerous lakes, where residents and visitors bath and have barbecues in the summer.
Thirty lakes and 16 rivers cover 2.1% of Vilnius' area, with some of them having sand beaches.
Concerts, festivals, and exhibitions are held at Sereikiškės Park, near Gediminas Tower.
Sections of the annual Vilnius Marathon pass along the public walkways on the banks of the Neris River.
Cathedral Square in Old Town is surrounded by a number of the city's most historically significant sites.
On 23 October 2011, a swastika has been sprayed on the monument, as what seems to be an anti-Semitic act.
On 20 October 2013, Bernardinai garden, previously known as Sereikiškės Park, was opened after reconstruction.
The river rises in Belarus, connecting Vilnius and Kernave, and becomes a tributary of the Neman River in Kaunas.
There are over 60 bus and 22 trolleybus routes, the trolleybus network is one of the most extensive in Europe.
The first regular bus routes were established in 1926, and the first trolleybuses were introduced in 1956.
This is a result of major improvements that started in 2003 when the first brand-new Mercedes-Benz buses were bought.
In 2004, a contract was signed with Volvo Buses to buy 90 brand-new over the following three years.
An electric tram and a metro system through the city were proposed in the 2000s.
A 51-member council is elected to four-year terms; the candidates are nominated by registered political parties.
Like it's very different, very heartfelt, and heartbreaking because of the characters involved.
Shaw was featured on the official one sheet promotion poster for the film, which was a box-office success.
That film premiered at the Cannes Film Festival in 2008 and was released theatrically in February 2009.
In 1910, under her stage name Viola Barry, Wilson signed with the Belasco Theater Company to be their new ingénue.
Prior to this, she had four years of stage experience, two of these with Benson's Shakespearean Company in England.
 Viola Dana Viola Dana was an American film actress who was successful during the era of silent films.
The diminutive actress appeared in over 100 films, but was unable to make the transition to sound films.
Born Virginia Flugrath on June 26, 1897, she was born and raised in Brooklyn, New York.
Dana remained in California acting for Metro throughout the 1920s, but her popularity gradually waned.
By the time she made her final film appearance in 1933, she had appeared in over 100 films.
Dana's first husband was Edison director John Collins who died in the Influenza epidemic of 1918.
Her third and final marriage was to golfer Jimmy Thomson from 1930 to March 1945.
For her contribution to the motion picture industry, Viola Dana has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
She was married to actor Robert H. Harris until his death in 1981 at 70. 

She was signed in 1913 and starred in about 10 films between 1913 and 1914.
While engaged in this play, in the 1908 season, the actress had surgery at Harper Hospital, Detroit, Michigan.
Among her co-stars in films were Lon Chaney, Blanche Ring, Trixie Friganza, and Julian Eltinge.
As Mrs. John H. Folger, she was the wife of an industrial executive, who became her press agent in entertainment.
Over the course of her screen career, Mersereau appeared in over 100 short and silent film features.
In 1916, Carl Laemmle decided to open one of his eastern United States studios for Mersereau's own productions.
Mersereau had always exhibited a distinct preference for working in the East, and disliked California.
Violet Mersereau died on November 12, 1975 in Plymouth, Massachusetts, at the age of 83. 
The film was directed by Marshall Neilan and starred Mary Pickford in the title role.
 Virginia Belmont Virginia E. Belmont, also spelled Virginia Belmonte , was an American film actress.
Faire appeared in several westerns, opposite Hoot Gibson, Buck Jones, John Wayne and Ken Maynard.
She worked in radio and several films for industries prior to retiring to the west coast.
She was first married to actor Jack Dougherty, and later to director Duke Worne.
Following her separation from Dougherty she resided with her mother in Beverly Hills, California.
The couple divorced in 1934, and Virginia returned to a hectic schedule of film appearances.
Virginia Bruce died of cancer on February 24, 1982 in Woodland Hills, California.
She worked as a model at a department store in Los Angeles until she began her film career in 1935.
Byrd would become best known for his role as comic strip hero, Dick Tracy.
She was married to her second husband, Lloyd McLean, a 20th Century Fox film projectionist, in 1957.
The couple remained married until McLean's death in 1969, leaving Carroll a widow for the second time.
She is survived by one daughter from her marriage to Ralph Byrd, Carroll Byrd Evangeline. 
Virginia Cherrill was born on a farm in rural Carthage, Illinois, to James E. and Blanche Cherrill.
She initially did not plan on a film career, but her friendship with Sue Carol eventually drew her to Hollywood.
Her third husband was George Child-Villiers, 9th Earl of Jersey, from 1937 to 1946.
 Virginia Christine Virginia Christine was an American stage, radio, film, television, and voice actress.
The family later moved to Des Moines in Polk County, where Virginia attended Elmwood Elementary School.
There Christine attended Mediapolis High School, where she aspired to be a concert pianist.
She began training for a theatrical career with actor/director Fritz Feld whom she married in 1940.
She was dropped by Warner Bros. in 1943 and signed with Universal Pictures in 1944.
She initially tested for the lead role of femme fatale Kitty Collins, but lost out to Ava Gardner.
In addition to her work in films, Christine also appeared in numerous television series.
On July 24, 1996, Christine died at her Brentwood home of cardiovascular disease.
Her interment was at the Jewish Mount Sinai Memorial Park Cemetery in the Hollywood Hills section of Los Angeles. 
She left the movie business in 1958, but returned to acting for a few films in the 1980s.
 Virginia Fox Virginia Fox Zanuck was an American actress who starred in many silent films of the 1910s and 1920s.
Fox was born in Wheeling, West Virginia , the daughter of Marie and Frederick Fox.
While on vacation from boarding school, Fox traveled to visit a friend in Los Angeles.
Fox retired from acting, but was known as a behind-the-scenes influence on her husband's business decisions.
She was buried near Darryl Zanuck at the Westwood Village Memorial Park Cemetery in Westwood, Los Angeles.
Once she moved to Hollywood she played supporting or leading roles in a number of Warner Brothers musicals.
She then became one of the stars of Your Hit Parade, one of the most popular TV shows of the 1950s, for one season.
From 1962 to 1971 she co-hosted, with Frank Buxton , the ABC-TV children's documentary program Discovery.
She began her stage career in San Francisco at the age of 15, but moved to Los Angeles in 1939 to pursue work in films.
When her movie career was not progressing, Gilmore mustered the nerve to approach Samuel Goldwyn at his home.
She died from emphysema at her home in Santa Barbara, California in 1986, aged 66.
Born in Harrisburg, Illinois, she was the daughter of musician Dewey Alphaleta and businessman Edward William Gregg.
She was survived by her three sons: Gregg, Jaime and Ricardo del Valle. 
She was born in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of director Ray Grey.
She continued acting for a few more years, but then left movies in order to finish her education.
She left MGM in 1942, and signed with several different studios over the years, working steadily.
Clark and Sylvia divorced in 1952 but, much to Virginia's dismay, her brief romance with Clark was never rekindled.
Her friends say that her hoping and waiting for Clark was the reason she never married.
Hunter grew up in Tulsa, Oklahoma before her family moved to Los Angeles in 1940.
She immediately secured a contract with MGM, but let her contract expire in 1945 to sign with Columbia Pictures.
She quickly became known to matinee audiences at the time for co-starring in four of the Durango Kid films.
After her time with Columbia, Hunter worked as a model and a store manager.
Born Virginia Houston in Wisner, Nebraska, Huston appeared in many 1940s and 1950s film noir and adventure films.
Huston retired from films after her marriage to a wealthy real estate agent; she died of cancer in 1981. 

She married Chicago stockbroker Theodore Krol in 1929 and they had two children, Phillip and Robert.
They divorced in 1937 and shortly after she married another Chicago stockbroker, Charles Jacobson.
Leith starred in a few films, with her most productive period coming in the 1950s.
On the creation of the film, she said her mother's active lifestyle was an inspiration to start filming.
Originally, when we put the idea together, she had said, 'I'm far too busy.
I'm going to Holland, and then I'm going here and there and I'm writing my book.'
Madsen was formerly in a long term relationship with Antonio Sabàto, Jr., with whom she had one son, Jack Antonio . 
 Virginia Marshall Virginia Marshall was a child motion picture actress in silent film from 1924 through 1928.
Young Virginia's aunt operated an acting school in the St. Louis area, which she began attending at age six.
At the zenith of her career, Mayo was seen as the quintessential voluptuous Hollywood beauty.
While Mayo appeared in several musicals, using her training in dance, her voice was always dubbed.
During the rest of the 1950s, Mayo continued to appear in films with varying genres.
Later in life, Mayo appeared in stage and musical theater productions, often with her husband, Michael O'Shea .
Mayo was one of the first to be awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
In 1996, Mayo was honored by her hometown as she received a star on the St. Louis Walk of Fame.
Mayo wed Michael O'Shea in 1947, and they remained married until his death in 1973.
In later years, she developed a passion for painting, and also occupied her time doting on her three grandsons.
A lifelong Republican, she endorsed Richard Nixon in 1968 and 1972, and longtime friend Ronald Reagan in 1980.
She is buried next to her husband in Pierce Brothers Valley Oaks Park in Westlake Village, California. 

At the time, it was considered bad box office for screen actresses to be married.
However the two remained constant companions., and resided for many years at the old Hollywood Hotel.
Virginia Pearson died of uremic poisoning in Hollywood on June 6, 1958 nearly a month to the day after Sheldon Lewis.
Virginia Caroline Rapp was born in Chicago to an unwed mother, Mabel Rapp, who died when Virginia was 11.
Shortly after the engagement Moscovitz was killed in a streetcar accident, whereupon she moved to Los Angeles.
In 1918 she gave birth to a child, which was put into foster care.
In 1919, she began a relationship with director/producer Henry Lehrman; the two eventually became engaged.
However, because many of Lehrman's films are lost, the exact number of roles she performed for him cannot be known.
The circumstances of Rappe's death in 1921 became a Hollywood scandal and were covered widely by the media of the time.
She died on September 9, 1921, from a ruptured bladder and secondary peritonitis.
The exact events of that party are still unclear, with witnesses relating numerous versions of what happened.
It was alleged that she died as a result of a violent sexual assault by Arbuckle.
Arbuckle's accuser, Maude Delmont, had accompanied Rappe to the party; she had first met Rappe only a few days earlier.
Born Virginia McSweeney in Chicago, Illinois, she got her acting start in Milwaukee with a stock company.
She also did some film work with Essanay Studios in her hometown of Chicago, starting in 1916.
In 1931, she married her second husband, actor Charles Farrell, to whom she remained married until her death.
They moved to Palm Springs, where she was a social fixture for many years.
She suffered a stroke in 1966, and died two years later, aged 70, in Palm Springs, California.
While living with relatives, Virginia attended the New York High School for the Performing Arts.
Over the next few years, she was cast in minor roles for RKO and Paramount Pictures.
Virginia's older brother, saxophonist George Weidler , was married to Doris Day from March 1946 to May 1949.
Weidler refused to be interviewed for the remainder of her life, living in private.

She was born Janet Susan Mary Hoffmann in Syracuse, New York, the daughter of Mary Alice and Wilfred Ernest Hoffmann.
Hoffmann was the eldest of nine children born into a family of strict Roman Catholics.
She was given the name Viva by Andy Warhol before the release of her first film but later used her married last name .
She appeared in several of Warhol's films and was a frequent guest at The Factory.
Viva approached Andy Warhol about being in one of his films, on the suggestion of her friend, Abigail.
Warhol agreed, but only on the condition that Viva take off her blouse for the role.
The first, Tub Girls consists of Viva lying in a bathtub with various people of both sexes, including Brigid Berlin.
By far, Viva's most controversial role was in Blue Movie, in which she played opposite Louis Waldon.
Viva was on the phone with Andy Warhol when he was shot by Valerie Solanas in 1968.
Viva's first starring role in a non-Warhol film was in Agnes Varda's Lions Love.
The film features Viva in a ménage à trois with Gerome Ragni and James Rado.
Lindfors was born in Uppsala, Sweden, the daughter of Karin Emilia Therese and Axel Torsten Lindfors.
She moved to the United States in 1946 after being signed by Warner Bros. and began working in Hollywood.
She appeared with actors such as Ronald Reagan, Jeffrey Hunter, Charlton Heston, Lizabeth Scott and Errol Flynn.
She died of rheumatoid arthritis at the age of 74 and was buried in Sweden.
 Viveka Davis Viveka Davis is an American actress who has starred on television and in films.
Blaine in her later years was managed by Rob Cipriano and L'Etoile Talent Agencies in New York City.
She always commented that working with Cipriano reminded her of working with her first husband Manny Franks.
Vivian was born in Cleveland, Ohio, to Cyril Dandridge , and the former Ruby Jean Butler, an aspiring entertainer.
Initially, Ruby Dandridge put her two girls to work performing acrobatics, songs, and skits.
Neva accompanied the girls on piano as well as acted as their manager and was a particularly aggressive disciplinarian.
Both Dorothy and Vivian suffered from her angry outbursts, which were frequent and severe.
After the Stock Market Crash in 1929, the Wonder Children were added to the long list of the unemployed.
Here, the Dandridge daughters befriended another girl, Etta Jones, and began to sing together.
After Jones' father heard them sing, Ruby Dandridge decided that the three should form a singing group.
The female trio was a sort of black Andrews Sisters, singing songs in three part harmony.
They even appeared in a short-run Broadway musical revue, Swingin' The Dream, in 1939, at the Center Theater.
She detested life on the road and was certain she could find bigger success as a dramatic actress.
She moved to the Alvin Hotel in New York City, but after this engagement she largely disappeared from show business.
By 1956, friends and family members were concerned for the welfare of Vivian, as she moved away and went into seclusion.
Upon Dorothy's death in 1965, she could not bear to attend the funeral.
On the cover, Vivian is lying on a sofa, looking pensive while holding a snifter of brandy.
Vivian was married five times: Jack Montgomery , Warren Bracken , Ralph Bledsoe , Forace Stead and Gustav Friedrich .
She was also romantically linked to actor Emmett Wallace with whom she had a son, Michael Emmett Wallace .
Vivian Dandridge did not attend the funeral of her sister, admitting that it was just too painful to return.
Martin was born in Sparta, Michigan and began her career as a child actress on the stage with comedian Lew Fields.
With her then long hair she played the type of role similar to Lillian Gish.
In the early 1920s Martin started her own production company and released her films through the Goldwyn Corporation.
Her career entered into a downward spiral soon afterwards as a result of a lawsuit for payment of studio rentals.
Although eventually settled out of court, the case did irreparable damage to her popularity.
Born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Reed died in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles, California.
She was married to film director Alfred E. Green and they had three children—Douglas Green, Hilton A.
As with many early silent films, no copies of this lost film are known to exist. 
Later the family moved to Boston and she completed her education at the Boston Latin High School.
From high school she went to the stage and played in musical comedy before joining the American film company.
She was signed by the Nestor Film Company in 1912 and starred in almost 200 films.
New York; following this engagement she joined the Lux Company and came to the Pacific Coast.
On November 17, 1957, Rich was killed in a road accident in Hollywood, California.
She soon changed her surname to Vance and moved to Albuquerque, New Mexico to find work as an actress.
The local theatre community helped pay her way to New York to study under Eva Le Gallienne.
Starting in 1932, Vance was in a number of shows on Broadway, usually as a member of the chorus.
, in which she starred alongside Danny Kaye and Eve Arden for over 500 performances.
She received several positive notices for her performances, but the films did little else to further her screen career.
Lucille Ball had wanted either Bea Benaderet or Barbara Pepper, both close friends, to play the role.
Watching her perform, Arnaz was convinced he had found the right actress to play Ethel Mertz.
She had envisioned Ethel to be much older and less attractive; Vance was closer to Ball's age and attractive.
Also, Ball, firmly entrenched in film and radio, had never heard of Vance, who was primarily a theater actress.
Ultimately, the 42-year-old Vance won the role on the new television program, which debuted October 15, 1951 on CBS.
The Fred role was played by William Frawley, who was actually 22 years her senior.
In 1959, she divorced her third husband, Philip Ober, who allegedly physically abused her.
Also, she felt the Mertz characters would be unsuccessful in a show without the Ricardos.
Vance's choice to decline the would-be show intensified the animosity between Frawley and her.
which was shot in 1958 by Desilu; however, the show was rejected by CBS and Vance continued playing Ethel Mertz.
On January 16, 1961, Vance married literary agent, editor, and publisher John Dodds .
The series starred Ball as Lucy Carmichael, a widow with two children living in Danfield, New York.
The strain of commuting from her home in Connecticut to Hollywood was too hard on her.
In the third season, Vance did not appear in seven of the season's 26 episodes.
In 1965, after completing her third year on the series, Vance decided to leave.
At the start of the 1965–66 season, the format of the sitcom had changed.
Vivian Bagley remarried and her son, her new husband, and she remained in Danfield.
The following year, she and her husband moved to Belvedere, California, so she could be near her sister.
It was during this period that Vance's agent got her an endorsement deal with Maxwell House Coffee.
Over the next several years, she could be seen in numerous commercials for Maxwell House.
Family members donated Vance's Emmy Award to the Albuquerque Little Theatre after her death.
Vance and Frawley were inducted into the Television Academy Hall of Fame in March 2012.
Vance was the godmother of Lovin' Spoonful guitarist John Sebastian, whose mother had been a close friend.
In 2009, Fox served as celebrity spokesperson for the newly revamped Psychic Friends Network.
Five days later, Fox was one of TV Guide Network's red carpet correspondents for the 82nd Academy Awards.
Oakland's parents were Edward Andersen of Fredrikstad, Norway and Anna Marthine Olsen, also of Norway.
Rather than accept the offer, she chose to remain in New York City and continue her career.
Since the 1940 production went unrecorded, a studio cast was assembled in 1950 to record the musical.
She died in Beverly Hills, California of heart failure on December 29, 1992, aged 95.
 Vola Vale Vola Vale was a silent motion picture actress from Buffalo, New York.
Her first movie experience was with Biograph, under the tutelage of the great film director D.W. Griffith.
Aside from Biograph Vola worked for Fox Film, Famous Players-Lasky, Universal Pictures, and Paramount Pictures.
Before filming began it was decided that the name Smith was too common to be used by a motion picture star.
Vale reflected in the early 1920s about observation, particularly its power in attaining one's acting proficiency.
She is interred at the Roosevelt Memorial Park in Los Angeles County, California, USA. 
She enrolled at San Francisco State University and became involved in acting groups on campus.
McGee died of cardiac arrest on July 9, 2010, at the age of 65. 

In 1946, Audie Murphy saw Hendrix on the cover of Coronet magazine and arranged to meet her.
She married Italian financier and oil company executive Steven LaMonte on June 7, 1969.
In historical rankings of the U.S. presidents, Harding is often rated among the worst.
Except when political service took him elsewhere, he lived in rural Ohio all his life.
In 1899, he was elected to the Ohio State Senate, and after four years there successfully ran for lieutenant governor.
He was defeated for governor in 1910, but was elected to the Senate in 1914.
He conducted a front porch campaign, remaining for the most part in Marion, and allowing the people to come to him.
Through apprenticeship, study, and a year of medical school, Tryon became a doctor, and started a small practice.
It was rumored in Blooming Grove that one of Harding's great-grandmothers was African American.
Nevertheless, even after Warren Harding's death in 1923, African Americans made claims of kinship.
In late 1879, at the age of 14, Harding enrolled at Ohio Central College in Iberia, where he proved an adept student.
In Harding's youth, the majority of the population still lived on farms and in small towns.
He would spend much of his life in Marion, a small city in rural Ohio, and would become closely associated with it.
Upon graduating, Harding had stints as a teacher and as an insurance man, and made a brief attempt at studying law.
Harding returned from Chicago to find that the paper had been reclaimed by the sheriff.
Afterwards, with the financial aid of his father, the budding newspaperman redeemed the paper.
This policy attracted advertisers, and put the Republican weekly in town out of business.
Amos Kling was a man accustomed to getting his way, but Harding attacked him relentlessly in the paper.
Amos involved Florence in all his affairs, taking her to work from the time she could walk.
As hard-headed as her father, Florence came into conflict with him after returning from music college.
Dean ties these visits to early occurrences of the heart ailment that would kill Harding in 1923.
It was usual at that time for state senators in Ohio to serve only one term, but Harding gained renomination in 1901.
After the assassination of McKinley in September , much of the appetite for politics was temporarily lost in Ohio.
In November, Harding gained a second term, more than doubling his margin of victory to 3,563 votes.
Like most politicians of his time, Harding accepted that patronage and graft would be used to repay political favors.
Accordingly, they persuaded Cleveland banker Myron T. Herrick, a friend of McKinley's, to run.
His responsibility to preside over the state Senate allowed him to increase his growing network of political contacts.
Harding and others envisioned a successful gubernatorial run in 1905, but Herrick refused to stand aside.
Harry Daugherty managed Harding's campaign, but the defeated candidate did not hold the loss against him.
The party split grew, and in 1912, Taft and Roosevelt were rivals for the Republican nomination.
This allowed the Democratic candidate, New Jersey Governor Woodrow Wilson, to be elected.
In 1914, the start of World War I and the prospect of a Catholic senator from Ohio increased nativist sentiment.
Harding did not attack Hogan on this or most other issues, but he did not denounce the nativist hatred for his opponent.
Harding won by over 100,000 votes in a landslide that also swept into office a Republican governor, Frank B. Willis.
When Harding joined the U.S. Senate, the Democrats controlled both houses of Congress, and were led by President Wilson.
As during his time in the Ohio Senate, Harding came to be widely liked.
As senator-elect, he indicated that he could not support votes for women until Ohio did.
In the November 1916 presidential election, despite increasing Republican unity, Hughes was narrowly defeated by Wilson.
In May 1918, Harding, less enthusiastic about Wilson, opposed a bill to expand the president's powers.
The Senate debated Versailles in September 1919, and Harding made a major speech against it.
With an invalid in the White House and less support in the country, the treaty was defeated.
Among those coveting Harding's seat were former governor Willis and Colonel William Cooper Procter .
On December 17, 1919, Harding made a low-key announcement of his presidential candidacy.
Daugherty, who became Harding's campaign manager, was sure none of the other candidates could garner a majority.
His strategy was to make Harding an acceptable choice to delegates once the leaders faltered.
There were only 16 presidential primary states in 1920, of which the most crucial to Harding was Ohio.
In Indiana, Harding finished fourth, with less than ten percent of the vote, and failed to win a single delegate.
Some of the $600,000 that Lowden had spent had wound up in the pockets of two convention delegates.
After the convention dealt with other matters, the nominations for president opened on the morning of Friday, June 11.
Four ballots were taken on the afternoon of June 11, and they revealed a deadlock.
With 493 votes needed to nominate, Wood was the closest with 314; Lowdon had 289.
Chairman Henry Cabot Lodge of Massachusetts, the Senate Majority Leader, adjourned the convention about 7 p.m.
The reassembled delegates had heard rumors that Harding was the choice of a cabal of senators.
Although this was not true, delegates believed it, and sought a way out by voting for Harding.
Delegates were convinced Wilson's health would not permit him to serve, and looked elsewhere for a candidate.
Many at the convention voted for McAdoo anyway, and a deadlock ensued with Attorney General A. Mitchell Palmer.
In the meantime, Cox and Roosevelt stumped the nation, giving hundreds of speeches.
Coolidge spoke in the Northeast, later on in the South, and was not a significant factor in the campaign.
It drags itself out of the dark abysm ... of pish, and crawls insanely up the topmost pinnacle of tosh.
This was general enough to satisfy most Republicans, and only a few bolted the party over this issue.
By Election Day, November 2, 1920, few had any doubts that the Republican ticket would win.
Warren Harding was sworn in as president on March 4, 1921, in the presence of his wife and father.
Harding chose pro-League Charles Evans Hughes as his Secretary of State, ignoring advice from Senator Lodge and others.
Fall of New Mexico, the Interior Secretary, and Daugherty, who became Attorney General.
This agreement, approved by Congress in 1923, set a pattern for negotiations with other nations.
Talks with Germany on reduction of reparations payments would in 1924 result in the Dawes plan.
A pressing issue not resolved by Wilson was the question of policy towards Bolshevik Russia.
The U.S. had been among the nations that had sent troops there after the Russian Revolution.
Under Harding, Commerce Secretary Hoover, with considerable experience of Russian affairs, took the lead on policy.
Harding had urged disarmament, and lower defense costs, during the campaign, but it had not been a major issue.
He gave a speech to a joint session of Congress in April 1921, setting out his legislative priorities.
The U.S. had acquired over a thousand vessels during World War I, and still owned most of them when Harding took office.
When Harding took office on March 4, 1921, the nation was in the midst of a postwar economic decline.
At the suggestion of its leaders, Harding called a special session of Congress to convene on April 11.
But it was not until May 27 that Congress passed an emergency tariff increase on agricultural products.
In the Senate, the tax bill became entangled in efforts to vote World War I veterans a soldier's bonus.
It was not until November that the bill finally passed, with higher rates than Mellon had proposed.
The Senate sent the bonus bill back to committee, but the issue returned when Congress reconvened in December 1921.
A bill providing a bonus, without a means of funding it, was passed by both houses in September 1922.
A bonus, not payable in cash, was voted to soldiers despite Coolidge's veto in 1924.
In his first annual message to Congress, Harding sought the power to adjust tariff rates.
The passage of the tariff bill in the Senate, and in conference committee became a feeding frenzy of lobbyist interests.
To improve and expand the nation's highway system, Harding signed the Federal Highway Act of 1921.
The discussions focused on safety matters, inspection of airplanes, and licensing of pilots.
Harding's attitude toward business was that government should aid it as much as possible.
No important legislation came as a result, though some public works projects were speeded up.
Within broad limits, Harding allowed each cabinet secretary to run his department as he saw fit.
This was consistent with Hoover's view that the private sector should take the lead in managing the economy.
In April, 500,000 coal miners, led by John L. Lewis, struck over wage cuts.
Mining executives argued that the industry was seeing hard times; Lewis accused them of trying to break the union.
Attorney General Daugherty convinced Judge James H. Wilkerson to issue a sweeping injunction to break up the strike.
One exception was in steel mills, where workers labored through a twelve-hour workday, seven days a week.
He was willing to see literacy tests for voting continue, if applied fairly to white and black.
There was opposition from veterans, including the American Legion, and also from Florence Harding.
At Harding's request, Debs visited the president at the White House before going home to Indiana.
After briefly considering awaiting another vacancy and appointing them both, he chose Taft as chief justice.
But some of the fulfilled pledges, like cutting taxes for the well-off, did not appeal to the electorate.
A month after the election, the lame-duck session of the old 67th Congress met.
Once Congress left town in early March 1923, Harding's popularity in the country began to recover.
In Kansas City, Harding spoke on transportation issues; in Hutchinson, Kansas, agriculture was the theme.
Harding had become a supporter of the World Court, and wanted the U.S. to become a member.
The party was to return to Seward by the Richardson Trail but due to Harding's fatigue, it went by train.
On July 26, 1923, Harding toured Vancouver, British Columbia as the first sitting American president to visit Canada.
After resting, he played the 17th and 18th holes so it would appear he completed the round.
Later that night, he called for his physician, Charles E. Sawyer, complaining of pain in the upper abdomen.
Sawyer thought it was a recurrence of a dietary upset, but Dr. Joel T. Boone suspected a heart problem.
By the afternoon of August 2, 1923, doctors allowed Harding to sit up in bed.
As Florence Harding resumed, her husband twisted convulsively and collapsed, and she raced to get the doctors.
Harding was returned to his train in a casket for a journey across the nation followed closely in the newspapers.
Most of the scandals that have marred the reputation of Harding's administration did not emerge until after his death.
Harding had learned that Daugherty's factotum at the Justice Department, Jess Smith, was involved in corruption.
Murray noted that Harding was not involved in the corruption, and did not condone it.
Hoover replied that Harding should publish and get credit for integrity, and asked for details.
The scandal which has likely done the greatest damage to Harding's reputation is Teapot Dome.
They got Wisconsin Senator Robert M. La Follette Sr. to begin a Senate investigation into the oil leases.
Harding's appointment of Harry M. Daugherty as Attorney General received more criticism than any other.
Daugherty's Ohio lobbying and back room maneuvers were not considered to qualify him for his office.
In February 1924, the Senate voted to investigate the Justice Department, where Daugherty remained Attorney General.
Cannington and Caskey's residence became infamous as the Little Green House on K Street.
Smith deposited $50,000 in a joint account with Daugherty, used for political purposes.
At the start of Harding's presidency, this power was vested in the Treasury Department.
Forbes was also friendly with Charles F. Hurley, owner of the Hurley-Mason Construction Company of Washington state.
Some of the money went to the bureau's chief counsel, Charles F. Cramer.
At first Harding did not believe it, but Sawyer secured proof in January 1923.
Harding did not want an open scandal and allowed Forbes to flee to Europe, from where he resigned on February 15, 1923.
Mortimer was willing to tell all, as Forbes had had an affair with his wife .
The construction executive was the star witness at the hearings in late 1923, after Harding's death.
Forbes began to serve his sentence in 1926; Thompson, who had a bad heart, died that year before commencing his.
The case was ultimately settled in 1971, with the letters donated to the Library of Congress.
The allegations of Harding's other known mistress, Nan Britton, long remained uncertain.
The late president's reputation had deteriorated since his death in 1923, and many believed Britton.
President Coolidge, not wishing to be further associated with his predecessor, refused to dedicate the Harding Tomb.
By that time, with the Great Depression in full swing, Hoover was nearly as discredited as Harding.
Murray argued that Harding sowed the seeds for his administration's poor standing: External links.
It stands on the Vistula River in east-central Poland, roughly from the Baltic Sea and from the Carpathian Mountains.
In 2012 the Economist Intelligence Unit ranked Warsaw as the 32nd most liveable city in the world.
The city is a significant centre of research and development, BPO, ITO, as well as of the Polish media industry.
The Warsaw Stock Exchange is one of the largest and most important in Central Europe.
Frontex, the European Union agency for external border security, has its headquarters in Warsaw.
After the Third Partition of Poland in 1795, Warsaw was incorporated into the Kingdom of Prussia.
The historic city-centre of Warsaw with its picturesque Old Town in 1980 was listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Folk etymology attributes the city name to a fisherman, Wars, and his wife, Sawa.
According to legend, Sawa was a mermaid living in the Vistula River with whom Wars fell in love.
They also won the country’s championship in 1946, and won the cup twice as well.
Polonia's home venue is located at Konwiktorska Street, a ten-minute walk north from the Old Town.
Polonia was relegated from the country's top flight in 2013 because of their disastrous financial situation.
The mermaid is Warsaw's symbol and can be found on statues throughout the city and on the city's coat of arms.
Another is located on the bank of the Vistula River near Świętokrzyski Bridge and another on Karowa Street.
One of them decided to stay on the coast of Denmark and can be seen sitting at the entrance to the port of Copenhagen.
The second mermaid reached the mouth of the Vistula River and plunged into its waters.
A greedy merchant also heard her songs; he followed the fishermen and captured the mermaid.
The mermaid, wishing to avenge his death, took the position of defender of Warsaw, becoming the symbol of the city.
Casimir Pulaski, a Polish general and hero of the American Revolutionary War, was born here in 1745.
She was born Maria Górska in Warsaw to wealthy parents and in 1916 married a Polish lawyer Tadeusz Łempicki.
She married fellow underwater expert Courtney Brown whom she had met while working on the shows.
After having a daughter named Tiffany, she divorced Brown and became contracted to 20th Century Fox.
Wagner was also friends with Sharon Tate with the two sharing an apartment for a while.
 Wendi McLendon-Covey Wendi Anne McLendon-Covey is an American actress, writer, producer and comedian.
She was a member of The Groundlings Theater in Los Angeles from 2002 to 2009.
Beginning in July that same year, she began starring in national TV ads for a new campaign by Hillshire Farm.
Sperber was born in Hollywood and aimed for a performing-arts career from high school onward.
In addition to being the founder, Sperber also served on the board of directors and wrote the quarterly newsletter.
Each year, weSPARK has put on an extravagant benefit show called weSPARKLE to raise funds for the organization.
In 1998, Sperber also helped the United States Postal Service unveil and promote a breast-cancer stamp.
In 1983, Sperber married Richard Velasquez and had a son, Preston, in 1986, and a daughter, Pearl, in 1990.
In 1997, Sperber was diagnosed with breast cancer, which seemed to go into remission following treatment.
The producers of the show renamed her character as Wendie Jo in honor of the actress.
As is often the case in Hollywood, Sperber's age was a matter of contention at the time of her death.
, for which she was nominated for two Primetime Emmys and a Golden Globe Award.
Her paternal grandfather was a Coptic Christian from Egypt; her other ancestry is French, German, and English.
She soon left Washington, D.C., to pursue a career in stage and screen.
She remained on this show until 1996, winning four CableACE Awards for Best Actress in a Comedy Series.
Eventually, her character would marry Martin in the series finale of the critically acclaimed program.
Starting in 2005, Malick did voice work on radio and television ads for Marshall's department stores.
The series made ratings success for TV Land, and won generally favorable reviews from critics.
On November 17, 2014, TV Land announced season six would be the final season for show.
In April 2011, Malick became the celebrity spokesperson for Budget Rent a Car in a series of online and television ads.
They live in the Santa Monica Mountains with three dogs, two horses and a cat.
Benson was born in New York City, the daughter of Scottish photographer Harry Benson.
Calio was born and raised in Oahu, Hawaii and graduated from Mililani High School in Mililani, Hawaii.
A few years later she added to her repertoire by studying Contemporary Jazz under Pam Sandridge at Big City Productions.
By the age of 16, Calio was an accomplished actress, vocalist and dance performer.
In addition to ballet, Calio is also trained in hula, yoga, and Bollywood dancing, and is a pop rock and soprano singer.
She continues to star in Imagination Movers, and has officially signed on as the choreographer of the third season.
She currently divides her time between New Orleans and Los Angeles during the hiatus periods of Imagination Movers. 
She attended Joppatowne High School and graduated with a degree in Theater from Howard University.
 Wendy Kaplan Wendy Foxworth is an actress who appeared in films, on television, and in theater.
She is best known for her role in the 1989 hit horror movie ' as Tina Williams.
In recent years Ms. Kaplan has appeared in numerous TV commercials for a variety of products. 
In 2013, Makkena appeared as Carmen Berra in the Off-Broadway production of Bronx Bombers .
Makkena has been married since 1997, has one child and lives in New York City. 

Some of the most notable members are: Rhyon Nicole Brown, Elle Varner, and Selena Thurmond . 
She has lived in Spain and Mexico, and she is particularly fond of the Spanish language.
The film was one of the 8 films to die for at horrorfest and received poor reviews from critics.
 Whitney Blake Whitney Blake was an American film and television actress, director and producer.
While attending Pasadena City College, she worked in small-theater groups in the Los Angeles area.
In the summer she worked at her mother's ice-cream stand in McMinnville, Oregon.
She performed the lead female dramatic role on the Route 66 TV series in a January 1960 episode .
As demand for her work in network television and films waned, Blake became a Los Angeles television talk show host.
They had three children: sons, Richard Whitney Baxter and Brian Thomas Baxter , and daughter, Meredith Ann Baxter .
In 1988 her son Brian began co-ownership in a Minneapolis bookstore, Baxter's Books which closed in 1998.
From August 24, 1968, until her death in 2002, she was married to writer/collaborator Allan Manings .
Whitney Blake died at her home on September 28, 2002, in Edgartown, Massachusetts.
She was survived by her husband, Allan Manings, and the three children from her first marriage.
At age 11, she started singing with the Tampa-based children's performing arts troupe, Entertainment Revue.
In 1999, the 18-year-old Ford started performing under the stage name Mandah and was signed to MCA.
Ford changed her stage name from Mandah to Willa Ford in order to avoid confusion with Mandy Moore.
In 2001, Ford signed on to a new label, Lava Atlantic Records, while on a mall tour for Nautica Kids.
Ford wrote most of her own lyrics and served as executive producer for most of her first album.
In 2001, Ford also co-wrote and recorded a duet with South Korean pop star Park Ji-yoon.
The song, which featured guest rapper Lady May, was featured in daytime promotional ads for soap operas.
From 2005 to 2006, She appeared as a guest doll in Pussycat Dolls' show at the club in Las Vegas.
In 2011, Ford resumed her music career with a performance at The Viper Room in LA.
Ford and her partner, Maksim Chmerkovskiy, were eliminated in the fifth week of competition.
Ford and hockey player Mike Modano married in a small, private ceremony on August 25, 2007, in Athens, Texas.
In August 2012, Ford and Modano announced that they are divorcing after five years of marriage. 
Holland was born in Los Angeles, to cinematographer Keith Holland and actress Darnell Gregorio-De Palma.
At age seven, Holland played at her stepfather's neighbor's house in The Hamptons, New York.
The following year, 1999, De Palma took Holland to a theatrical talent agency.
Holland played the role of a rebellious 16-year-old model who befriends and creates havoc for Taylor Momsen's character.
The film was based on the 1981 novel of the same name written by Judy Blume. 
He was 68 years, 23 days old when inaugurated, the oldest president to take office until Ronald Reagan in 1981.
He was the grandfather of Benjamin Harrison, who was the 23rd President from 1889 to 1893.
This battle resulted in the death of Tecumseh and the dissolution of the Indian coalition which he led.
After the war, Harrison moved to Ohio, where he was elected to the United States House of Representatives.
He served a truncated term after being appointed as Minister Plenipotentiary to Colombia in May 1828.
In Colombia, he spoke with Simón Bolívar, urging his nation to adopt American-style democracy.
Returning to his farm in Ohio, Harrison lived in relative retirement until he was nominated for the presidency in 1836.
He was elected president in 1840, and died of pneumonia in April 1841, a month after taking office.
His father was a planter and a delegate to the Continental Congress , who signed the Declaration of Independence.
The senior Harrison was governor of Virginia between 1781 and 1784, during and after the American Revolutionary War.
In 1787, at the age of 14, Harrison entered the Presbyterian Hampden–Sydney College.
He was removed by his Episcopalian father, possibly because of a religious revival occurring at the school.
The young Harrison entered the University of Pennsylvania in 1790, where he studied medicine under Dr. Benjamin Rush.
Shortly after Harrison started these studies, his father died in 1791, leaving him without funds for further schooling.
From Wayne, Harrison learned how to successfully command an army on the American frontier.
Still in the army at the time, Harrison sold his land to his brother.
In 1795 at the age of 22, Harrison met Anna Tuthill Symmes, of North Bend, Ohio.
The pair waited until Symmes left on business, then they eloped and married on November 25, 1795.
They married at the North Bend home of Dr. Stephen Wood, Treasurer of the Northwest Territory.
Symmes did not come to accept Harrison until he had achieved fame on the battlefield .
Anna was frequently in poor health during the marriage, primarily due to her many pregnancies.
She nonetheless outlived William by 23 years, dying at age 88 on February 25, 1864.
Four were said to be sold to a planter in La Grange, Georgia, including a daughter, Marie Harrison.
He championed for lower land prices, a primary concern of settlers in the Territory at the time.
When Harrison ran for Congress, he campaigned to work to alter the situation to encourage migration to the territory.
The availability of inexpensive land was an important factor in the rapid population growth of the Northwest Territory.
Harrison moved to Vincennes, the capital of the newly established Indiana Territory, on January 10, 1801.
While in Vincennes, Harrison built a plantation-style home he named Grouseland for its many birds.
He also built a second home near Corydon, the second capital, at Harrison Valley.
In 1803, President Thomas Jefferson granted Harrison authority to negotiate and conclude treaties with the Indians.
This treaty and loss of lands were greatly resented by many of the Sauk, especially Black Hawk.
It was the primary reason the Sauk sided with the United Kingdom during the War of 1812.
The tribes living on the lands were furious and sought to have the treaty overturned, but were unsuccessful.
They immediately blocked his plans for slavery and repealed the indenturing laws he had passed in 1803.
In August 1810, Tecumseh led 400 armed warriors down the Wabash River to meet with Harrison in Vincennes.
As the warriors were dressed in war paint, their sudden appearance at first frightened the soldiers at Vincennes.
Harrison said the Miami were the owners of the land and could sell it if they so chose.
He said each tribe could have separate relations with the United States if they chose to.
Harrison argued that the Great Spirit would have made all the tribes speak one language if they were to be one nation.
Tecumseh's warriors backed down after the officers had pulled their firearms in defense of Harrison.
Harrison led an army of more than 1,000 men north to try to intimidate the Shawnee into making peace.
Harrison defeated the tribal forces at Prophetstown, next to the Wabash and Tippecanoe Rivers.
However, his troops had greatly outnumbered the attackers, and suffered many more casualties during the battle.
Eustis demanded to know why Harrison had not taken adequate precautions in fortifying his camp against attacks.
By December, as most major American papers carried stories on the battle, public outrage over the Shawnee attack grew.
In response, Congress passed resolutions condemning the British for interfering in American domestic affairs.
After the loss of Detroit, General James Winchester became the commander of the Army of the Northwest.
He offered Harrison the rank of brigadier general, which he refused, as he wanted sole command of the army.
President James Madison removed Winchester and made Harrison the commander on September 17, 1812.
In the winter of 1812–13, Harrison constructed a defensive position at the rapids on the Maumee River in northwest Ohio.
He won victories in Indiana and Ohio, and recaptured Detroit, before invading Canada.
He defeated the British at the Battle of the Thames, in which Tecumseh was killed.
Armstrong and Harrison had disagreed over the lack of coordination and effectiveness in the invasion of Canada.
Both treaties were advantageous to the United States, as the tribes ceded a large tract of land in the west.
In 1822, he ran for the U.S. House, but lost by only 500 votes to James W. Gazlay.
In 1824, he was elected to the U.S. Senate, where he served until May 20, 1828.
There, he lived in relative retirement after nearly 40 years of continuous government service.
That year, he made an unsuccessful run for the presidency as a Whig candidate.
By 1840, when Harrison campaigned for president a second time, more than 12 books had been published on his life.
Harrison ran in all the free states except Massachusetts, and the slave states of Delaware, Maryland, and Kentucky.
The plan narrowly failed, as Van Buren won the election with 170 electoral votes.
Harrison based his campaign on his military record and on the weak U.S. economy, caused by the Panic of 1837.
The Whigs boasted of Harrison's military record and reputation as the hero of the Battle of Tippecanoe.
He took the oath of office on March 4, 1841, a cold and wet day.
He promised to use patronage to create a qualified staff, not to enhance his own standing in government.
Harrison's sole concession to Clay was to name his protégé John J. Crittenden to the post of Attorney General.
As he had with Clay, Harrison resisted pressure from other Whigs over partisan patronage.
Harrison's only official act of consequence was to call Congress into a special session.
He sought to rest in the White House, but could not find a quiet room because of the steady crowd of office seekers.
He died nine days after becoming ill, at 12:30 am on April 4, 1841.
Harrison served the shortest term of any American president: March 4 – April 4, 1841, 30 days, 12 hours, and 30 minutes.
Harrison's funeral took place in the Wesley Chapel in Cincinnati, Ohio, on April 7, 1841.
His original interment was in the public vault of the Congressional Cemetery in Washington, D.C.
Due to the death of Harrison, three Presidents served within a single calendar year .
Scholars at the time disagreed whether the vice president would become president or merely acting President.
Harrison was the first sitting President to have his photograph taken, on Inauguration Day in 1841.
Congress voted to give his wife a Presidential widow's pension, a payment of $25,000, one year of Harrison's salary.
Harrison's son John Scott Harrison served in the U.S. House of Representatives from Ohio between 1853 and 1857.
Numerous places were named after Harrison: Three schools were named William Henry Harrison High School in his honor.
Because of his short service, no military vessel was named after him as President.
Additionally, Harrison is shown in a pediment on the Tippecanoe County Courthouse, Lafayette, Indiana, 1882. 
In surveys of presidential scholars, Taft is usually ranked near the middle of lists of all American Presidents.
In 1921, President Warren G. Harding appointed Taft Chief Justice of the United States.
He attended the church much less frequently than he had but worshiped there when he could.
Like others in his family, he attended Yale College in New Haven, Connecticut.
Despite his size, he was a good dancer and a better than average athlete who enjoyed golf, tennis and horseback riding.
Making positive use of his stature, Taft was Yale's intramural heavyweight wrestling champion.
After college, he attended Cincinnati Law School, graduating with a Bachelor of Laws in 1880.
After admission to the Ohio bar, Taft was appointed Assistant Prosecutor of Hamilton County, Ohio, based in Cincinnati.
This dedication to the task at hand was the source of much frustration of his political colleagues.
Taft met with the Emperor of Japan who alerted him of the probability of war with Russia.
At that meeting, the two signed a secret diplomatic memorandum now called the Taft–Katsura Agreement.
Had it been for the Chief Justice seat, a different result may well have ensued.
Taft was the logical successor, but he was initially reluctant to run, as he had been earlier.
Bryan, on the other hand, ran an aggressive campaign against the nation's business elite.
It did not take long for Taft's markedly different style, and lack of political acumen, to emerge.
Taft also showed his political ineptness by choosing Frank Hitchcock to be Chairman of the Republican Party.
In the end, Taft won by a comfortable electoral margin, giving Bryan his worst loss in three presidential campaigns.
Taft defeated Bryan by 159 electoral votes; however, he garnered just 51% of the popular vote.
The divergent views of the two men over the powers of the executive is well articulated in their respective memoirs.
Again, due to his results-oriented style, politically he had managed to alienate all sides.
The Bureau of Trade Relations later concluded the act overall was moderately successful in lowering rates.
Taft refused to intervene until the resulting discord in the cabinet forced him to act.
By that time the political damage had been done, with further alienation of the Progressives from the administration.
Walter L. Fisher, from the National Conservation League and an ally of Pinchot, replaced Ballinger.
This recommendation ultimately became law with passage of the Budget and Accounting Act of 1921.
Nevertheless, in the 1910 midterm elections, the Democrats assumed control of the House for the first time in 16 years.
At the same time, in the Senate, while the Republicans retained their majority, they lost 8 seats.
His proposed tax on corporate net income was 1% on net profits over $5,000.
Receipts grew from $21 million in the fiscal year 1910 to $34.8 million in 1912.
Taft was, however, the first president to hire African Americans security guards in the White House.
Taft met with Booker T. Washington and publicly endorsed his program for the uplifting of black Americans.
He advised them to stay out of politics at the time and emphasize education and entrepreneurship.
The passage was accomplished with the cooperation of some Democrats, and at a considerable cost of Republican unity.
Vice-President in 1908 who, along with his business partner Burnham, held considerable mining interests in Mexico.
Burnham and Moore captured and disarmed the would be assassin within only a few feet of Taft and Díaz.
Taft publicly directed that no intervention of troops into Mexico was to occur without Congressional authorization.
On his return from Europe, Roosevelt openly broke with Taft in one of the notable political feuds of the 20th century.
Woodrow Wilson, the Democrat, was elected with 41% of the popular vote; Roosevelt got 27%, and Taft garnered 23%.
Taft's appointment of five new justices tied the number appointed by both Dwight D. Eisenhower and Abraham Lincoln.
Four of Taft's appointees were relatively young, aged 48, 51, 53, and 54.
President Herbert Hoover renominated Hughes to the Supreme Court as Chief Justice following Taft's retirement.
The Commerce Court was abolished in 1913; Taft was thus the only President to appoint judges to that body.
While at Yale, Taft was initiated as an honorary member of the Acacia Fraternity.
He spent much of his time writing newspaper articles and books, most notably his series on American legal philosophy.
Taft was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1914.
When World War I did break out in Europe in 1914, however, Taft founded the League to Enforce Peace.
He was a co-chairman of the powerful National War Labor Board between 1917 and 1918.
Taft remains the only person to have led both the Executive and Judicial branches of the United States government.
During the trip, King George V and Queen Mary received Taft and his wife as state visitors.
Taft was also the first Justice to employ two full-time law clerks to assist him.
While Chief Justice, Taft wrote the opinion for the Court in 256 cases out of the Court's ever-growing caseload.
He was tall; his weight peaked at 335– toward the end of his Presidency.
The truth of the story of Taft getting stuck in a White House bathtub is unclear.
While President, he fell asleep during conversations, and at the dinner table, and even while standing.
His somnolence problem resolved and, less obviously, his systolic blood pressure dropped 40–50 mmHg .
Soon after his weight loss, he had a revival of interest in the outdoors; this led him to explore Alaska.
Charles Evans Hughes, whom he had appointed as an Associate Justice while President, succeeded him as Chief Justice.
The house at which Taft died is now the diplomatic mission of the Syrian Arab Republic to the United States.
Taft is one of two presidents buried at Arlington National Cemetery , and is one of four Chief Justices buried there .
As a former president, Taft was the only Chief Justice to have had a state funeral.
President Taft's other son, Charles Phelps Taft II, served as the mayor of Cincinnati from 1955 to 1957.
After a fire burned much of the town of Moron, California, in the 1920s, it was renamed Taft, California, in his honor.
After the war, he settled in Canton, Ohio, where he practiced law and married Ida Saxton.
He was elected Ohio's governor in 1891 and 1893, steering a moderate course between capital and labor interests.
The United States annexed the independent Republic of Hawaii in 1898 and it became a U.S. territory.
William McKinley Jr., was born in 1843 in Niles, Ohio, the seventh child of William and Nancy McKinley.
The McKinleys were of English and Scots-Irish descent and had settled in western Pennsylvania in the 18th century.
The family moved to Ohio when the senior McKinley was a boy, settling in New Lisbon .
William followed in the Methodist tradition, becoming active in the local Methodist church at the age of sixteen.
In 1852, the family moved from Niles to Poland, Ohio so that their children could attend the better school there.
Graduating in 1859, he enrolled the following year at Allegheny College in Meadville, Pennsylvania.
He remained at Allegheny for only one year, returning home in 1860 after becoming ill and depressed.
He also spent time at Mount Union College in Alliance, Ohio where he joined Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
The men left for Columbus where they were consolidated with other small units to form the 23rd Ohio Infantry.
The 23rd was the first regiment to encounter the Confederates at the Battle of South Mountain on September 14.
The regiment was then detached from the Army of the Potomac and returned by train to western Virginia.
They soon resumed the offensive, marching into southwestern Virginia to destroy salt and lead mines used by the enemy.
Following the rout, the Union forces destroyed Confederate supplies and skirmished with the enemy again successfully.
McKinley and his regiment moved to the Shenandoah Valley as the armies broke from winter quarters to resume hostilities.
Hunter believed the troops at Lynchburg were too powerful, however, and the brigade returned to West Virginia.
Early's army surprised them at Kernstown on July 24, where McKinley came under heavy fire and the army was defeated.
By August, Early was retreating south in the valley, with Sheridan's army in pursuit.
The next day, they moved north up the valley into winter quarters near Kernstown.
Finally assigned to Carroll's staff again, McKinley acted as the general's first and only adjutant.
Lee and his army surrendered to General Ulysses S. Grant a few days later, effectively ending the war.
Just before the war's end, McKinley received his final promotion, a brevet commission as major.
In July, the Veterans Corps was mustered out of service, and McKinley and Carroll were relieved of their duties.
The following year, he continued his studies by attending Albany Law School in New York.
That same year, he moved to Canton, the county seat of Stark County, and set up a small office.
He soon formed a partnership with George W. Belden, an experienced lawyer and former judge.
A second daughter, Ida, followed in 1873, but died the same year.
McKinley's wife descended into a deep depression at her baby's death and her health, never robust, grew worse.
Ida never recovered from her daughters' deaths; the McKinleys had no more children.
Ida McKinley developed epilepsy around the same time and thereafter disliked her husband's leaving her side.
He remained a devoted husband and tended to his wife's medical and emotional needs for the rest of his life.
McKinley's victory came at a personal cost: his income as a congressman would be half of what he earned as a lawyer.
We cannot take a step in the pathway of progress without benefiting mankind everywhere.
Well, they say, 'Buy where you can buy the cheapest'... Of course, that applies to labor as to everything else.
McKinley first took his congressional seat in October 1877, when President Hayes summoned Congress into special session.
The young congressman broke with Hayes on the question of the currency, but it did not affect their friendship.
From his first term in Congress, McKinley was a strong advocate of protective tariffs.
In 1880, he served a brief term as Ohio's representative on the Republican National Committee.
In 1889, with the Republicans in the majority, McKinley sought election as Speaker of the House.
After the 1882 election, McKinley was unseated on an election contest by a near party-line House vote.
Out of office, he was briefly depressed by the setback, but soon vowed to run again.
The Democrats again redistricted Stark County for the 1884 election; McKinley was returned to Congress anyway.
The new boundaries seemed good, based on past results, for a Democratic majority of 2000 to 3000.
The Republican Party sent its leading orators to Canton, including Blaine , Speaker Reed and President Harrison.
In the end, McKinley lost by 300 votes, but the Republicans won a statewide majority and claimed a moral victory.
Even before McKinley completed his term in Congress, he met with a delegation of Ohioans urging him to run for governor.
Governor James E. Campbell, a Democrat, who had defeated Foraker in 1889, was to seek re-election in 1891.
Among the possible candidates spoken of were McKinley, Reed, and the aging Blaine.
In the wake of Cleveland's victory, McKinley was seen by some as the likely Republican candidate in 1896.
Soon after Cleveland's return to office, hard times struck the nation with the Panic of 1893.
The governor had never kept track of what he was signing; he believed Walker a sound businessman.
In fact, Walker had deceived McKinley, telling him that new notes were actually renewals of matured ones.
Walker was ruined by the recession; McKinley was called upon for repayment in February 1893.
Many people who had suffered in the hard times sympathized with McKinley, whose popularity grew.
McKinley, however, was determined to obtain the nomination without making deals, and Hanna accepted that decision.
Morton operatives who journeyed to Indiana sent word back that they had found the state alive for McKinley.
By the time the national convention began in St. Louis on June 16, 1896, McKinley had an ample majority of delegates.
Thousands of partisans came from Canton and surrounding towns that evening to hear McKinley speak from his front porch.
The bad economic times had continued, and strengthened the hand of forces for free silver.
Delegations marched through the streets from the railroad station to McKinley's home on North Market Street.
The candidate then responded, speaking on campaign issues in a speech molded to suit the interest of the delegation.
This was done as the candidate feared an offhand comment by another that might rebound on him.
By then, it was clear that public support for silver had receded, and McKinley began to emphasize the tariff issue.
On November 3, 1896, the voters had their say in most of the nation.
McKinley won the entire Northeast and Midwest; he won 51% of the vote and an ample majority in the Electoral College.
Bryan had concentrated entirely on the silver issue, and had not appealed to urban workers.
McKinley was sworn in as president on March 4, 1897, as his wife and mother looked on.
McKinley's most controversial Cabinet appointment was that of John Sherman as Secretary of State.
Sherman was not McKinley's first choice for the position; he initially offered it to Senator Allison.
One consideration in Senator Sherman's appointment was to provide a place in the Senate for Hanna .
Day, an Ohio lawyer unfamiliar with diplomacy, was often reticent in meetings; Adee was somewhat deaf.
With the War Department plagued by scandal, Alger resigned at McKinley's request in mid-1899.
Vice President Hobart, as was customary at the time, was not invited to Cabinet meetings.
However, he proved a valuable adviser both for McKinley and for his Cabinet members.
For most of McKinley's administration, George B. Cortelyou served as his personal secretary.
For decades, rebels in Cuba had waged an intermittent campaign for freedom from Spanish colonial rule.
American opinion favored the rebels, and McKinley shared in their outrage against Spanish policies.
As pressure for war mounted in Congress, McKinley continued to negotiate for Cuban independence.
Spain refused McKinley's proposals, and on April 11, McKinley turned the matter over to Congress.
McKinley found Alger inadequate as Secretary of War, and did not get along with the Army's commanding general, Nelson A.
In an intense day-long battle, the American force was victorious, although both sides suffered heavy casualties.
Shafter laid siege to the city of Santiago, which surrendered on July 17, placing Cuba under effective American control.
McKinley and Miles also ordered an invasion of Puerto Rico, which met little resistance when it landed in July.
The new republic, dominated by American interests, had seized power from the royal government in 1893.
The resulting Newlands Resolution passed both houses by wide margins, and McKinley signed it into law on July 8, 1898.
Wake Island, an uninhabited atoll between Hawaii and Guam, was claimed for the United States on July 12, 1898.
The war had exposed the difficulty of maintaining a two-ocean navy without a connection closer than Cape Horn.
He was successful, and a new treaty was drafted and approved, but not before McKinley's assassination in 1901.
Two of the great issues of the day, tariff reform and free silver, became intertwined in 1897.
Ways and Means chairman Dingley introduced a new tariff bill to revise the Wilson–Gorman Tariff Act of 1894.
The Dingley Act passed the House easily, but was delayed in the Senate as they assessed the French objections.
The Senate amended the bill to allow limited reciprocity , but did not reduce the rates on luxury goods.
McKinley signed the bill into law and agreed to begin negotiations on an international bimetallism standard.
With the international effort a failure, McKinley turned away from silver coinage and embraced the gold standard.
In the wake of McKinley's election in 1896, African Americans were hopeful of progress towards equality.
McKinley's priority, however, was in ending sectionalism, and they were disappointed by his policies and appointments.
The President did appoint George B. Jackson, a former slave, to the post of customs collector in Presidio, Texas.
The administration's response to racial violence was minimal, causing him to lose black support.
Critics replied by saying that he could at least publicly condemn such events, as Harrison had done.
In his tour of the South, McKinley did not mention the racial tensions or violence.
Elected governor of New York on a reform platform in 1898, Roosevelt had his eye on the presidency.
McKinley remained uncommitted in public, but Hanna was firmly opposed to the New York governor.
On November 6, 1900, he was proven correct, winning the largest victory for any Republican since 1872.
Bryan carried only four states outside the solid South, and McKinley even won Bryan's home state of Nebraska.
Soon after his second inauguration on March 4, 1901, William and Ida McKinley undertook a six-week tour of the nation.
On September 5, the President delivered his address at the fairgrounds, before a crowd of some 50,000 people.
He had managed to get close to the presidential podium, but did not fire, uncertain of hitting his target.
McKinley was taken to the Exposition aid station, where the doctor was unable to locate the second bullet.
Although a primitive X-ray machine was being exhibited on the Exposition grounds, it was not used.
Theodore Roosevelt had rushed back and took the oath of office as president in Buffalo.
The stock market, faced with sudden uncertainty, suffered a steep decline—almost unnoticed in the mourning.
This did not occur; the former first lady accompanied her husband on the funeral train.
William and Ida McKinley are interred there with their daughters, atop a hillside overlooking the city of Canton.
There is a monument at his birthplace in Niles; 20 Ohio schools bear his name.
McKinley's biographer, H. Wayne Morgan remarks that McKinley died the most beloved president in history.
However, the young, enthusiastic Roosevelt quickly captured public attention after his predecessor's death.
The territorial expansion of 1898 is often seen by historians as the beginning of American empire.
Nan and Hervey became life partners, remaining together until Hervey's death in 1979.
Around 1919-1920, Hervey's father bought her a studio in Bearsville, New York.
During the harsh New York winters they also spent time in Carmel, California and Manatee County, Florida.
 Wini Shaw Wini Shaw , sometimes credited as Winifred Shaw, was an American actress, dancer and singer.
Both songs were from the film, and the recording was made on February 28, 1935.
 Winifred Bryson Winifred Bryson , born Winifred Brison, was an American actress of the stage and of silent films.
She was married twice, first to actor Warner Baxter from 1918 until his death in 1951 and then to Ferdinand H. Manger.
Her alternate names, which she was often also credited as were Winnie Coffin or Winnie Collins.
She was signed in 1910 and starred in over 200 films before her retirement in 1927.
A censorship board in Pennsylvania held the release of the film because of the content of Lightner's songs.
She starred in two more comedies in which she co-starred with Loretta Young , before she left Warner Bros.
Winnie Lightner died in 1971, aged 71, and was interred in the San Fernando Mission Cemetery. 
In office, Wilson reintroduced the spoken State of the Union, which had been out of use since 1801.
Wilson's second term, however, was dominated by American entry into World War I.
The United States conducted military operations alongside the Allies, although without a formal alliance.
On the home front, he raised income taxes, borrowing billions of dollars through the public's purchase of Liberty Bonds.
Due to his stroke, Wilson secluded himself in the White House, disability having diminished his power and influence.
Wilson was born in Staunton, Virginia, on December 28, 1856, at 18–24 North Coalter Street , of Scots-Irish descent.
He was the third of four children of Joseph Ruggles Wilson and Jessie Janet Woodrow .
Wilson's paternal grandparents immigrated to the United States from Strabane, County Tyrone, Ireland , in 1807.
His mother was born in Carlisle, Cumberland, England, the daughter of Rev.
His father defended slavery, owned slaves and set up a Sunday school for them.
Wilson would forever recall standing for a moment at General Robert E. Lee's side and looking up into his face.
He visited with cousins, and fell in love with one, Hattie Woodrow, though his affections were unrequited.
After less than a year, he abandoned the practice to pursue his study of political science and history.
Wilson had been a center fielder during his Davidson College days and was the Princeton team's assistant manager.
Wilson worked as a lecturer at Cornell University in 1886–87, where he joined the Irving Literary Society.
At Wesleyan, he coached the football team and founded the debate team, which bears his name.
He continued a previous practice of reserving time for a six-week course in administration at Johns Hopkins.
He was also a faculty member of the short-lived coordinate college, Evelyn College for Women.
Wilson, a disciple of Walter Bagehot, considered the United States Constitution to be cumbersome and open to corruption.
The book reflected the greater power of the legislature, relative to the executive, during the post-bellum period.
in 1889 Wilson contributed to a U.S. historical series, covering the period from Pres.
Wilson also hoped that the parties could be reorganized along ideological, not geographic, lines.
He believed that the study of public administration could enable officials to increase governmental efficiency.
He likened administration to a machine that functions independent of the changing mood of its leaders.
Such a line of demarcation is intended to focus responsibility for actions taken on the people or persons in charge.
The curriculum guidelines he developed proved important progressive innovations in the field of higher education.
To emphasize the development of expertise, Wilson instituted academic departments and a system of core requirements.
In 1906 Wilson awoke to find himself blind in the left eye, the result of a blood clot and hypertension.
When Wilson began vacationing in Bermuda in 1906, he met a socialite, Mary Hulbert Peck.
Wilson in his letters home to Ellen openly related these gatherings as well his other social events.
; Wilson also sent very personal letters which would be used against him by his adversaries later.
On another occasion while Wilson was vacationing solo in the British Isles, Ellen journeyed to Connecticut.
She joined the household of respected artist Florence Griswold to further pursue her own interests.
He began formulating his reformist agenda, intending to ignore the demands of party machinery.
When Martine won the seat, Wilson had manifestly positioned himself as a new leader in the party in that state.
Wilson's prominence as governor and in the national media induced his presidential campaign in 1912.
Indeed, the establishment of rapport with Bryan, the most recent standard bearer of the party, was a success.
More of Wilson's support came from young progressives in that region, including intellectuals, editors and lawyers.
In July 1911 Wilson brought William Gibbs McAdoo and Edward Mandell House in to manage the campaign.
The leading contender was House Speaker Champ Clark, a prominent progressive, strongest in the border states.
Other less charismatic contenders were Governor Judson Harmon of Ohio, and Representative Oscar Underwood of Alabama.
Publisher William Randolph Hearst, a leader of the left wing of the party, supported Clark.
Bryan then announced on the fourteenth ballot that his vote for Clark would be withheld due to the New York vote.
Wilson's tally began to climb steadily, and he initially topped Clark's vote on the thirtieth ballot.
He succeeded in both of these efforts and thereby weakened arguments that party control resided with political bosses.
The GOP split between Taft and Roosevelt enlarged Wilson's success in the electoral college.
Wilson took 41.8% of the popular vote and won 435 electoral votes from 40 states.
It is not clear if Roosevelt extracted more support from fellow Republican Taft, or fellow progressive Wilson.
the Wilsons decided against an inaugural ball and instead gathered with family and friends at the White House.
His decision-making style was to use solitude in conjunction with prevailing opinions in making decisions.
The first such press conference was on March 15, 1913, when reporters were allowed to ask him questions.
Wilson was also the first Southerner elected to the White House since 1869 and worked closely with Southern Democrats.
The revenue lost by the lower tariff was replaced by a new federal income tax, authorized by the 16th Amendment.
The latter group wanted a government-owned central bank that could print paper money as Congress required.
The new system began operations in 1915 and played a major role in financing the Allied and American war effort.
The strengthening of the Federal Reserve was later a major accomplishment of the New Deal.
Wilson began pushing for legislation which culminated with the Federal Trade Commission Act signed in September 1914.
The measure was considered unpatriotic by U.S. business interests and opponents such as Tammany Hall.
With the President reaching out to new constituencies, a series of programs were targeted at farmers.
The 1916 Federal Farm Loan Act provided for issuance of low-cost long-term mortgages to farmers.
Wilson's ambiguity led to his being misunderstood and even mocked in regard to the matter.
Wilson gladly accepted the offer of the so-called ABC powers—Argentina, Brazil and Chile—to mediate the Mexican dispute.
In February 1915 Wilson had met Edith Bolling Galt, an attractive southern widow and jeweler.
After several meetings, he fell in love, and in May, Wilson proposed.
Wilson chose to avoid risking escalation of the war as a result of the loss of one American.
Meanwhile, Wilson requested and received funds in the final 1916 appropriations bill to provide for 500,000 troops.
Pershing, recommending the railroads be seized and the country occupied, was ordered by Wilson to withdraw.
As a preliminary, he asked both sides to state their minimum terms necessary for future security.
Edith Wilson enjoyed, as Ellen never had, the crowds and the power as a close collaborator with her husband.
Executive decisions just prior to the campaign also enabled Wilson to bolster his political mastery.
Also, in the summer of 1916 the nation's economy was endangered by a railroad strike.
Once the Congress passed the Adamson bill incorporating the president's proposal, the strike was cancelled.
Theodore Roosevelt commented that the only thing different between Hughes and Wilson was a shave.
The election outcome was in doubt for several days and was determined by several close states.
Wilson won California by 3,773 of almost a million votes cast, and New Hampshire by 54 votes.
Wilson was able to win by picking up many votes that had gone to Teddy Roosevelt or Eugene V. Debs in 1912.
Wilson called a cabinet meeting on March 20, in which the vote was unanimous for war.
In October came a message from the new German Chancellor Prince Max of Baden to Wilson requesting a general armistice.
Wilson ignored Gen. Pershing's plea to drop the armistice and instead demand an unconditional surrender by Germany.
In the absence of rationing consumer prices soared; income taxes also increased and workers suffered.
The purchase of wartime bonds had the result of shifting the cost of the war to the taxpayers of the affluent 1920s.
The first six dealt with diplomacy, freedom of the seas and settlement of colonial claims.
Wilson gave a speech at the Metropolitan Opera House in defense of the League—he was more insistent about it than ever.
House had compromised Wilson's prior gains, and Wilson set out to attempt to regain the lost ground.
On April 3 Wilson fell violently ill during a conference meeting, in a narrow escape from influenza.
Though his symptoms receded within a couple of days, those around him noticed a distinct, lasting deterioration.
The charter of the proposed League of Nations was incorporated into the conference's Treaty of Versailles.
Wilson was indifferent to the issue, but acceded to strong opposition from Australia and Britain.
The chances were less than favorable for ratification of the treaty by a two-thirds vote of the Republican Senate.
Public opinion was mixed, with intense opposition from most Republicans, Germans, and Irish Catholic Democrats.
Wilson had a series of debilitating strokes and had to cut short his trip on September 26, 1919.
Cooper and Bailey suggest that Wilson's stroke in September had debilitated him from negotiating effectively with Lodge.
A wartime bubble in prices of farmland burst, leaving many farmers deeply in debt after they purchased new land.
Major strikes in the steel, coal, and meatpacking industries disrupted the economy in 1919.
In retirement, Wilson harbored hopes for a White House run in 1924 despite the absence of substantial support.
These interventions included Mexico in 1914, Haiti, Dominican Republic in 1916, Cuba in 1917, and Panama in 1918.
The occupation lasted until 1924, and was notorious for its brutality against those in the resistance.
Wilson withdrew most of the soldiers on April 1, 1920, though some remained until as late as 1922.
Wilson expressed sympathy for the plight of Jews, especially in Poland and in France.
In Pueblo, Colorado, on September 25, 1919, he collapsed and never fully recovered.
He was confined to bed for weeks and sequestered from everyone except his wife and physician, Dr. Cary Grayson.
For some months he used a wheelchair and later he required use of a cane.
He was insulated by his wife, who selected matters for his attention and delegated others to his cabinet.
In any case, the only Southern state to give its women the vote was Arkansas.
It passed but the Senate stalled until 1919, then finally sent the amendment to the states for ratification.
According to critics, Wilson believed that slavery was wrong on economic labor grounds, rather than for moral reasons.
During Wilson's term, the government began requiring photographs of all applicants for federal jobs.
Wilson appointed three Associate Justices to the Supreme Court of the United States: Other courts.
Wilson was one of only two U.S. Presidents to have served as president of the American Historical Association.
The following day he spoke briefly from the front steps to more than 20,000 well wishers gathered outside the house.
On February 3, 1924, Wilson died at home of a stroke and other heart-related problems at age 67.
The largest denomination of U.S. currency ever printed, the $100,000 bill bears Wilson's portrait .
The Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs was founded at Princeton in 1930.
Shadow Lawn, the Summer White House for Wilson during his term in office, became part of Monmouth University in 1956.
The college has placed a marker on the building, renamed Woodrow Wilson Hall, commemorating the home.
A section of the Rambla of Montevideo, Uruguay, is named Rambla Presidente Wilson.
Woodrow Wilson was also an accomplished author and scholar, having written numerous books and essays.
She graduated from Auburn University, majoring in Communication, with a minor in Theater.
Early in her career she had a small part in a film but had no special interest in appearing before the camera.
It was the stage that interested her and she began her stage career in chorus and was soon playing leads.
She toured Europe then returned to America and tried for a dramatic part but failed and returned to musical comedy.
 Xenia Gratsos Xenia Gratsos is a Greek American actress who has worked both in film and on stage.
She was born in Greece and moved to the United States to pursue her acting career.

Deliz was born in Caracas, Venezuela, to a Dominican father and a Colombian and Venezuelan mother.
She appeared in as the main girl in New Kids on the Block's 2008 music video Single, which also features Ne-Yo.
Hanani was born in Baltimore and grew up in Southfield, Michigan and later in Orange County, Southern California.
 Yeardley Smith Yeardley Smith is a French–American actress, voice actress, writer, comedian and painter.
She was born in Paris and moved with her family to Washington, D.C., in 1966.
For her work as the character, Smith received a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Voice-Over Performance in 1992.
Smith was married to actor Christopher Grove from 1990 to 1992 and Daniel Erickson from 2002 to 2008.
Smith was born Martha Maria Yeardley Smith on July 3, 1964, in Paris, France.
Her mother, Martha Mayor, was a paper conservator for the Freer and Sackler Galleries at the Smithsonian Institution.
She denies rumours that she almost turned down the role, though admits she had never planned a career in voiceover work.
The issue was resolved a month later, and Smith earned $250,000 per episode.
After salary renegotiations in 2008, the voice actors received approximately $400,000 per episode.
There are lines that are written for Lisa that Yeardley reads and says, 'No, I wouldn't say that.
She would later perform the play for three weeks in Los Angeles the following year.
She funded the film, which was written by Adam Carl and based on a stage play he wrote in 2003.
Chang was born and raised in New York City, and is of Taiwanese, Chinese, and Malaysian Chinese ancestry.
 Ynez Seabury Ynez Seabury was an American actress of the stage, silent and early sound film era.
Born in Oregon, she was a descendant of one of the first Spanish families of California.
Ynez' mother, Charlotte, appeared in stage productions in Los Angeles, California and in Hollywood films.
Her father, Forest Seabury, was a character actor who once played in stock productions in the eastern United States.
He once told Ynez about holding her as a baby of a year and a half.
It was produced by Richard Walton Tully and premiered at the Mason opera house in Los Angeles in March 1928.
Members of the Hopi tribe were adopted by Ynez, who portrayed the Indian heroine.
She was revered by the Hopi because of her understanding of their lives and ambitions.
She has also anchored / reported for WFOR-TV in Miami and for the KTLA Morning News in Los Angeles. 
In 1977, she founded the Jubilee Singers, a choir at All Souls Church, Unitarian in Washington, DC.
In 1981, she also earned a Master of Science in Public Health, from Howard University.
In same time, she also worked as a singer in nightclubs and performed in cabaret.
She played the role from 1994 to series finale in 2009, appearing on the recurring basis in 184 episodes total.
Yvette Carmen Mimieux was born in Los Angeles, California to a French father and Mexican mother.
Many of the films in which she appeared after 1963 were both critical and commercial failures.
She was married to film director Stanley Donen from 1972 until their divorce in 1985.
Vickers was born in Kansas City, Missouri, and she was the daughter of jazz musician Charles Vedder.
Her image was used for the movie's theatrical poster, and it depicted her and Gloria Castillo fighting each other.
During the same period, she also made a number of appearances on TV shows.
In 2005, she visited Canada for the first time to appear at the Toronto Classic Movie Festival.
Her second marriage was in 1959 to Leonard Burns, but they were divorced in 1961.
Although she never remarried after Howland, Vickers had a long-term relationship with actor Jim Hutton.
Yvonne Craig was born in Taylorville, Illinois, and was raised in Columbus, Ohio.
She was briefly a co-producer of industrial shows, before starting a new career as a real estate broker.
She was also a philanthropist and advocate for workers unions, free mammograms, and equal pay for women.
She was survived by her husband, Kenneth Aldrich, as well as by her sister, Meridel Carson. 
Born to a Colombian mother and Native American father, DeLaRosa began studying theater at the age of five.
It garnered a LA Weekly Best of 2010 designation and press in Rolling Stone and High Times before closing in 2011.
Margaret Yvonne Middleton was born on September 1, 1922, in West Point Grey , British Columbia.
When De Carlo was ten her mother enrolled her in the Jean Roper School of the Dance in Vancouver.
By the time she entered grade school she found her strong singing voice brought her the attention she longed for.
De Carlo was taken to Hollywood, where her mother enrolled her in dancing school.
Other roles were slow to follow, and De Carlo took a job in the chorus line of Earl Carroll.
During World War II she performed for U.S. servicemen and received many letters from GIs.
Being a skilled horserider, she also appeared in a number of West Coast rodeos.
In order to expand her appeal she began frequently singing on television and trained in opera.
Just to look pretty on the screen as a romantic lead is probably all right, but – so what?
I'd much rather do something in a good Western provided there's plenty of action.
Months before filming began, she had worked on the part with a drama coach.
De Carlo's name was linked with a number of people through her career, including Howard Hughes and Robert Stack.
I really like to delve deeply into the characters and the stories in order to make the most of each part I play.
I will have to meet an exceptional and understanding person, indeed, before I think of marriage.
De Carlo and Morgan filed a $1.4 million lawsuit against the studio, claiming her husband was permanently disabled.
De Carlo was a Republican who campaigned for Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan, and Gerald Ford.
 Yvonne Hughes Yvonne Hughes was a dancer in the Ziegfeld Follies and an actress in silent motion pictures.
Earlier that night, Nordkvist got into a cab driven by John McDonald, who had lived with Hughes for fourteen years.
McDonald offered to take him to the Ashland Hotel, where he kept a room.
Nordkvist was arrested in Utica, New York where he went after leaving the hotel. 
Zima was born in Phillipsburg, New Jersey, the daughter of Dennis and Marie.
Eliza Susan Pitts was born in Parsons, Kansas, to Rulandus and Nelly Pitts; she was the third of four children.
Pitts made her stage debut in 1914–15 doing school and local community theater in Santa Cruz.
Going to Los Angeles in 1916, at the age of twenty-two, she spent many months seeking work as a film extra.
Her stock persona made her instantly recognizable and was often imitated in cartoons and other films.
Switching between comedy short films and features, by the advent of sound, she was relegated to comedy roles.
The play, written expressly for her, did well, and she took the show on the road in later years.
Gallery, an actor, became a well-known Los Angeles boxing promoter and later a TV executive.
Declining health dominated Pitts' later years, particularly after she was diagnosed with cancer in the mid-1950s.
She died June 7, 1963, aged 69, in Hollywood and was interred at Holy Cross Cemetery, Culver City.
ZaSu Pitts was inducted into the Hollywood Walk of Fame on February 8, 1960.
In Parsons, Kansas, there is a star tile at the entrance to the Parsons Theatre to commemorate her.
Before his presidency, Taylor was a career officer in the United States Army, rising to the rank of major general.
Taylor was born into a prominent family of planters who migrated westward from Virginia to Kentucky in his youth.
He was commissioned as an officer in the U.S. Army in 1808 and made a name for himself as a captain in the War of 1812.
He became a national hero, and political clubs sprang up to draw him into the upcoming 1848 presidential election.
Debate over the slave status of the large territories claimed in the war led to threats of secession from Southerners.
Despite being a Southerner and a slaveholder himself, Taylor did not push for the expansion of slavery.
He is inconclusively believed to have been born at the home of his maternal grandfather, Hare Forest Farm.
He was the third of five surviving sons in his family and had three younger sisters.
His father, Richard Taylor, had served as a lieutenant colonel in the American Revolution.
Taylor grew up in a small woodland cabin before his family moved to a brick house with increased prosperity.
There were no formal schools on the Kentucky frontier, and Taylor had a sporadic formal education.
In June 1810, Taylor married Margaret Mackall Smith, whom he had met the previous autumn in Louisville.
Taylor spent much of 1809 in the dilapidated camps of New Orleans and nearby Terre aux Boeufs.
His army duties were limited at this time, and he attended to his personal finances.
Over the next several years, he began to purchase slaves and a good deal of bank stock in Louisville.
In July 1811 he was called to the Indiana Territory, where he assumed control of Fort Knox after the commandant fled.
In spring 1814, he was called back into action under Brigadier General Benjamin Howard.
Upon Howard's death a few weeks later, Taylor was ordered to abandon the fort and retreat to Saint Louis.
Reduced to the rank of captain when the war ended in 1815, he resigned from the army.
For two years, Taylor commanded Fort Howard at the Green Bay, Michigan Territory, settlement.
In April 1819 he was promoted to the rank of lieutenant colonel and dined with President James Monroe.
In late 1821, Taylor took the 7th Infantry to Natchitoches, Louisiana, on the Red River.
By the following March, Taylor had established Fort Jesup, at the Shield's Spring site southwest of Natchitoches.
That November he was transferred to Fort Robertson at Baton Rouge, where he remained until February 1824.
By 1837, the Second Seminole War was underway when Taylor was directed to Florida.
'Recommending the importation of Cuban bloodhounds to hunt down the poor Indians' Taylor was widely condemned.
During this period, he began to be interested in politics and corresponded with President William Henry Harrison.
He was made commander of the Second Department of the Army's Western Division in May 1841.
The sizable territory ran from the Mississippi River westward, south of the 37th parallel north.
Polk, learning of the Thornton Affair, told Congress in May that a war between Mexico and the U.S. had begun.
In September, Taylor inflicted heavy casualties upon the Mexican defenders at the Battle of Monterrey.
Afterwards, half of Taylor's army was ordered to join General Winfield Scott's soldiers as they besieged Veracruz.
Taylor's father had been an Original Member of the Virginia Society of the Cincinnati.
Taylor was a member of the Aztec Club of 1847, Military Society of the Mexican War.
Taylor remained at Monterrey until late November 1847, when he set sail for home.
Well before the American victory at Buena Vista, political clubs were formed which supported Taylor for President.
The Whigs hoped that he put the federal union of the United States above all else.
Taylor defeated Lewis Cass, the Democratic candidate, and Martin Van Buren, the Free Soil candidate.
He was deliberate and quiet about his decisions, to the frustration of his fellow Whigs.
Taylor settled instead on Senator John M. Clayton of Delaware, a close associate of Crittenden's.
Taylor finally arrived in the nation's capital on February 24 and soon met with the outgoing President Polk.
With less than two weeks until his inauguration, he met with Clayton and hastily finalized his cabinet.
He spent much of the trip plagued by gastrointestinal illness and returned to Washington by September.
The question of the New Mexico–Texas border was unsettled at the time of Taylor's inauguration.
The policy report was prosaic and unemotional, but ended with a sharp condemnation of secessionists.
Both nations agreed not to claim control of any canal that might be built in Nicaragua.
The treaty promoted development of an Anglo-American alliance; its completion was Taylor's last action as president.
Senate Majority Leader Henry Clay took a central role as Congress debated the statehood question.
While his positions had some overlap with Taylor's, the president always maintained his distance from Clay.
This would include the disputed parts of New Mexico, although Texas would be reimbursed for the territory.
Slavery would be retained in the District of Columbia, but the slave trade would be banned.
The omnibus law was a major step forward but ultimately could not pass, due to extremists on both sides.
Before joining the Taylor cabinet, Secretary of War George W. Crawford had served as a lawyer.
Over the course of several days, he became severely ill with an unknown digestive ailment.
On July 8, Taylor remarked to a medical attendant: I should not be surprised if this were to terminate in my death.
I did not expect to encounter what has beset me since my elevation to the Presidency.
God knows I have endeavored to fulfill what I conceived to be an honest duty.
He was the third of four Whig presidents, the last being Fillmore, his successor.
By the 1920s, the Taylor family initiated the effort to turn the Taylor burial grounds into a national cemetery.
In 1938, Taylor would appear again on a US Postage stamp, this time on the 12-cent Presidential Issue of 1938.
Taylor's last appearance on a US postage stamp occurred in 1986 when he was honored on the AMERIPEX presidential issue.
The remains were exhumed and transported to the Office of the Kentucky Chief Medical Examiner on June 17, 1991.
Samples of hair, fingernail, and other tissues were removed, and radiological studies were conducted.
The remains were returned to the cemetery and reinterred, with appropriate honors, in the mausoleum.
It is located in the northwest of the country, along the Sava river, at the southern slopes of the Medvednica mountain.
In the last official census of 2011 the population of the City of Zagreb was 790,017.
It is the only metropolitan area in Croatia with a population of over one million.
Zagreb is a city with a rich history dating from the Roman times to the present day.
Zagreb is the seat of the central government, administrative bodies and almost all government ministries.
Almost all of the largest Croatian companies, media and scientific institutions have their headquarters in the city.
It is a city known for its diverse economy, high quality of living, museums, sporting and entertainment events.
One Croat legend says that a Croat ban was leading his thirsty soldiers across a deserted region.
He drove his sabre into the ground in frustration and water poured out, so he ordered his soldiers to dig for water.
Some sources suggest that the name derives from the term 'za breg' or 'beyond the hill'.
This type of relation is common in other modern cities too, that were recorded in Ancient Greek maps Early Zagreb.
Today the latter is Zagreb's Upper Town and is one of the best preserved urban nuclei in Croatia.
Zagreb was chosen as the seat of the Ban of Croatia in 1621 under ban Nikola Frankopan.
During the 17th and 18th centuries, Zagreb was badly devastated by fire and the plague.
Since 1 January 1877, the Grič cannon is fired daily from the Lotrščak Tower on Grič to mark midday.
In 1926, the first radio station in the region began broadcasting out of Zagreb, and in 1947 the Zagreb Fair was opened.
The area between the railway and the Sava river witnessed a new construction boom after World War II.
The city also expanded westward and eastward, incorporating Dubrava, Podsused, Jarun, Blato and other settlements.
The cargo railway hub and the international airport Pleso were built south of the Sava river.
In May 1995, it was targeted by Serb rocket artillery in two Zagreb rocket attacks which killed seven civilians.
An urbanised area connects Zagreb with the surrounding towns of Zaprešić, Samobor, Dugo Selo and Velika Gorica.
The climate of Zagreb is classified as an oceanic climate , near the boundary of the humid continental climate.
The average daily mean temperature in winter is around +1 °C and the average temperature in summer is .
Snowfall is common in the winter months, from December to March, and rain and fog are common in autumn .
Highest recorded temperature ever was in July 1950, and lowest was in February 1956.
Zagreb is by far the largest city in Croatia in terms of area and population.
Zagreb metropolitan area population is slightly above 1.2 million inhabitants, as it includes the Zagreb County.
The majority of its citizens are Croats making up 93% of the city's population .
Since 14 December 1999 City of Zagreb is divided in 17 city districts: Settlements.
As of January 2013, the average monthly net salary in Zagreb was 6,699 kuna, about €900 .
At the end of 2012, the average unemployment rate in Zagreb was around 9.5%.
According to the Constitution, the city of Zagreb, as the capital of Croatia, has a special status.
The city government has 11 members elected on mayor’s proposal by the city assembly by majority vote.
The city administrative bodies are composed of 12 city offices, 3 city bureaus and 3 city services.
The current structure of the city assembly by party lines is as follows: Transport.
Until a few years ago, all Croatian highways either started or ended in Zagreb.
Both highways are tolled by the Croatian highway authorities Hrvatske autoceste and Autocesta Rijeka - Zagreb.
Traffic jams and daytime parking space are a great problem in the wider city centre area during the rush hour.
Two additional bridges across the river Sava are proposed: Jarun Bridge and Bundek Bridge.
The network operates at the curb whereas on larger avenues its tracks are situated inside the green belts.
A new link to the nearby town of Samobor has been announced and is due to start construction in 2014.
It is home to sports airplanes and a Croatian special police unit, as well as being a military helicopter airbase.
A third, small grass airfield, Buševec, is located just outside Velika Gorica.
There are some distinct sections in the museum: the Planetarium, the Apisarium, the Mine , and the Nikola Tesla study.
Museum of the City of Zagreb was established in 1907 by the Association of the Braća Hrvatskog Zmaja.
It is located in a restored monumental complex of the former Convent of the Poor Clares, of 1650.
The holdings comprise 3,750 works of art of various techniques and materials, and different cultures and civilizations.
Croatian Museum of Naïve Art is one of the first museums of naïve art in the world.
The old location, 2 St. Catherine's Square, is part of the Kulmer Palace in the Gornji Grad.
The Museum of Broken Relationships at 2 Ćirilometodska holds people's mementos of past relationships.
The Croatian National Theater in Zagreb was built in 1895 and opened by emperor Franz Joseph I of Austria.
In the summer, theater performances and concerts, mostly in the Upper Town, are organized either indoors or outdoors.
As of 2011, University of Zagreb is ranked among 500 Best Universities of the world by the .
The Archdiocese of Zagreb is a metropolitan see of the Catholic Church in Croatia, serving as its religious centre.
Zagreb is also the Episcopal see of the Metropolitanate of Zagreb and Ljubljana of the Serbian Orthodox Church.
Mainstream Protestant churches have also been present in Zagreb - Evangelical Church and Reformed Christian Church.
The old Medvedgrad, a recently restored medieval burg built in the 13th century on Medvednica hill.
It has been abandoned since the early 17th century, but it is visited during the year.
Since the end of the war, it has attracted close to a million visitors annually, mainly from Austria, Germany and Italy.
Also, there is an art installation starting in Bogovićeva street, called Nine Views.
In 2010 more than 600,000 tourists visited the city, with a 10% increase seen in 2011.
Numerous shops, boutiques, store houses and shopping centers offer a variety of quality clothing.
This center is used for basketball, handball, volleyball, hockey, gymnastics, tennis, and many others.
Maksimir Tennis Center, located in Ravnice east of downtown, consists of two sports blocks.
The first comprises a tennis center situated in a large tennis hall with four courts.
Skaters can skate in the skating rink on Trg Sportova and on the lake Jarun Skaters' park.
The stadium is part of the immense Svetice recreational and sports complex , south of the Maksimir Park.
It is part of a significant Green Zone, which passes from Medvednica Mountains in the north toward the south.
The location had been used prior to the 1970s, but then went to neglect until 2006 when it was renovated.
Born in Worcester, Massachusetts, on January 26, 1892, Cully was one of ten siblings.
After moving to Jacksonville, Florida, she began producing, writing, directing, and acting in numerous plays.
Cully died at the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles on February 28, 1978 from lung cancer, aged 86.
Services were held on March 2, 1978 at the Church of Christian Fellowship, in Los Angeles.
She was interred at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in the Freedom Mausoleum, Columbarium of Victory.
She was posthumously awarded an NAACP special Image Award on June 9, 1978, at the 11th Annual NAACP Award ceremony. 
Her character there was killed off in typical off-beat fashion, by falling into a freezer.
It would climb the fences, get over the fences into all of our homes.
 Zelda Sears Zelda Sears, née Paldi was an American actress, screenwriter, novelist and businesswoman.
Her father, Justin Lewis Paldi, ran a farm more than twenty miles from the closest railroad station.
By age 12, she worked for L.A. Sherman, a wealthy man in Brockway.
She found employment for a time as check girl before advancing to cashier and general clerk.
The job was obtained by capturing a $10 prize on the stock contained in the store.
Sears was eventually hired to contribute pieces to the town's newspaper by the managing editor.
Dissatisfied that Port Huron was too small, she left after five years, aged seventeen.
Her grandfather, Andrew Paldi, was an Italian painter who painted mural decorations in Detroit.
She continued painting flowers on vases but started to contribute her writings to a humor column of a Chicago newspaper.
She observed the famous actress and was able to obtain an interview on one occasion.
This came about when she saved Bernhardt from tripping over a loose carpet on stage.
He left his children a small sum in life insurance and a library amply furnished with volumes.
She moved on, working successively as an extra girl and in an opera chorus.
She journeyed to New York City with a letter of introduction to a New York theatrical manager.
She joined a ballet and earned $20 a week while also learning toe dancing.
She played comic roles on stage, learned shorthand, and even opened her own typewriting business.
Sears observed life in his sanitarium and turned what she saw into a fictional story, which she sold to a magazine.
Dissatisfaction led Sears to return to Chicago, where she joined the acting troupe of John Stapleton.
Her first meaningful part came by way of Harry Parker, who was general manager for William A. Brady.
Bloodgood despondent about something concerning the play and Fitch committed suicide in her hotel room.
She came to Hollywood to be a scenarist for Cecil B. DeMille and MGM in the early 1930s.
She was survived by her second husband, Louis Wiswell, and a sister, Marie Paldi.
 Zelma O'Neal Zelma O'Neal was an actress, singer, and dancer in the 1920s and 1930s.
She was born in Rock Falls, Illinois, on May 29, 1903, and moved to Chicago at the age of two.
She attended public schools until she was fourteen, when she went to work in a factory and later took office jobs.
In the spring of 1930, she and her husband took a delayed honeymoon trip to German, France, and England.
O'Neal and Bushell relocated to London in 1932, where she established a second stage career.
Following their divorce, they appeared in the same show at least once, though they did not appear together on stage.
Grey was born in Brooklyn, New York, the daughter of artists Allyson and Alex Grey.
 Zena Keefe Zena Virginia Keefe was an American actress in silent film, active in the 1910s and 1920s.
Zina began her formal ballet training aged six at George Balanchine's School of American Ballet.
She herself was diagnosed with scoliosis at age 11, and at 17 she was diagnosed with hip dysplasia.
In 2012 she was invited to participate in Miu Miu's ad campaign The Women's Tales.
She has been called a muse to fashion designer Marc Jacobs along with actress and director Sofia Coppola.
Kazan was born in Los Angeles, the daughter of screenwriters Nicholas Kazan and Robin Swicord.
She attended Yale University , graduating in 2005 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Theatre.
Among the ensemble cast was Amy Irving and the director was 2010 Obie Award winner Sam Gold.
Lister-Jones also wrote the lyrics and performed many of the tracks of the original motion picture sound track.

 Zohra Lampert Zohra Lampert is an American actress, who has had roles on film, television and stage.
Lampert attended New York's High School of Music and Art, and then the University of Chicago.
For several years in the 80s, Lampert appeared on-screen as the spokesperson for Goya Beans.
In March 2010, she married broadcaster and novelist Jonathan Schwartz in New York City. 
She was born Zoë Tamerlis on February 9, 1962 to mother Barbara Lekberg, a sculptor.
At a young age, Lund was an accomplished composer/musician; but the power of celluloid took a firmer grasp.
Being that my face is on camera, without dialogue, for something like 98% of the time, I was involved very much.
Two other characters were cut, and my character modulated and took on more and more.
The vampire speech – which is crucial to the Lieutenant – was written two minutes before it was shot.
The speech is important because she is acute in knowing the journey the Lieutenant makes.
Lund worked on unproduced screenplays about famous junkies such as John Holmes and Gia Carangi.
I have always had a certain increasing awareness of religion...I do believe that the Gospel is the ultimate story.
