Johannes Cornelius Bluming is a Dutch instructor of Judo, Kyokushin Karate, and mixed martial arts .
The March or Margraviate of Lusatia was a border march of the Holy Roman Empire at its eastern Bober border with Poland and the later duchies of Silesia from the 10th century until the 14th century AD .
The Confederate Powderworks was a gunpowder factory during the American Civil War, the only permanent structures completed by the Confederate States of America .
Wave Music is an independent dance music record label founded in 1995 by François Kevorkian, headquartered in New York City .
Daniels Motor Company was a pioneer brass era American automobile company, founded in 1916 by George E .
Stephen Krashen is professor emeritus at the University of Southern California, who moved from the linguistics department to the faculty of the School of Education in 1994 .
Reata Restaurant is a Texas Cuisine based restaurant group founded by Al Micallef with operating interests in Alpine and Fort Worth, Texas .
The British Leeward Islands was a British colony existing between 1833 and 1960, and consisting of Antigua, Barbuda, the British Virgin Islands, Montserrat, Saint Kitts, Nevis, Anguilla, and Dominica .
Craig Ingram is a former Australian politician, and was the Independent Member of Parliament for Gippsland East in the Victorian Legislative Assembly from 1999 to 2010 .
Ray McKinnon is a Scottish football player and manager currently in charge of Scottish League One side Brechin City .
Maya Karin Roelcke in the category of Best Actress Award and one of only six actresses to have won the award twice .
The Bank of New England Corporation was a regional banking institution based in Boston, Massachusetts, which was seized by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation in 1991 as a result of heavy losses in its loan portfolio and was placed into Chapter 7 liquidation .
Dnipropetrovsk Oblast , approximately 80% of whom live centering on administrative center of Dnipropetrovsk, Kryvyi Rih, Dniprodzerzhynsk, Nikopol .
Darbandokeh is an Assyrian village located in the sub-district of Harir and in the district of Shaqlawa .
The Franklin Report is an independently published guidebook that primarily rates home maintenance and renovation providers such as interior decorators, architects, and contractors .
Fair Wear Foundation is an American multi-stakeholder initiative working to improve workplace conditions in the garment and textile industry .
Cimahi is a city located west of Bandung, West Java, Indonesia in the Bandung Metropolitan Area .
Fábrica de Armas Halcón was an Argentinian defense company founded in 1941 and located in Buenos Aires .
Faiyum southwest of Cairo, in the Faiyum Oasis, it is the capital of the modern Faiyum Governorate .
Barbara Coombs Lee, PA, FNP, JD, that it is not against the state’s public policy for a physician to provide aid in dying to a mentally competent, terminally ill adult .
Anna-Marie Wayne is an American-British actress who began her career on TV and stage at an early age and has subsequently worked in film also .
Community Newspaper Company, or CNC, was the largest publisher of weekly newspapers in eastern Massachusetts in the 1990s and first decade of the 21st century .
Banco Hipotecario is an important commercial bank in Argentina and the nation's premier mortgage lender .
E-Comm 9-1-1 is a multi-municipality agency that provides emergency communications operations for the region of southwest British Columbia .
Andis Shala is a German footballer of Kosovar Albanian descent, playing as a striker for Berliner FC Dynamo .
Stéphane Ducret is a Swiss contemporary artist born in 1970 in Lausanne, Switzerland, and living in Buenos Aires, Argentina since 2006 .
Daryl William Maguire MP JP , an Australian politician, is a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing Wagga Wagga for the Liberal Party of Australia since 1999 .
The Thomas Organ Company is an American manufacturer of electronic keyboards and a one-time holder of the manufacturing rights to the Moog synthesizer .
Sandra Christina McCoy is an American actress and dancer who is best known for her role in the 2005 thriller Cry Wolf .
Nemiroff is a Ukrainian producer of alcoholic beverages, specializing in horilkas, vodkas and other spirits, based in the town of Nemyriv in Vinnytska oblast .
James Rizzi was an American pop artist who was born and raised in Brooklyn, New York .
Uher is a German brand of electronic equipment currently owned and licensed by Assmann Electronics of Bad Homburg .
The Régie Immobilière de la Ville de Paris is a public housing agency created in 1923 for the construction of low cost and affordable housing in Paris, France .
Naduvazhi refers to landlords, chieftains and descendants of royal households in the region now known as Kerala, India .
Fausto Miño is an Ecuadorian singer and actor, he won the Quinde de Oro Award .
Shangri-La is a fictional place described in the 1933 novel Lost Horizon by British author James Hilton .
Fogarty's Cove Music is a Canadian independent record label founded by Stan Rogers in 1976, surrounding the production of Rogers' second album, Turnaround .
The Champalimaud Foundation is a private Portuguese biomedical research foundation, which aims to support the biomedical sciences, focused in particular, on the fields of neuroscience and cancer .
Schaffhausen is a city in northern Switzerland and the capital of the canton of the same name; it has an estimated population of 34,587 as of December 2008 .
The Colony of Aden or Aden Colony within the new Federation of South Arabia .
Gaz Métro is an energy company in Quebec and one of the largest natural gas distributors in Canada .
M/A-COM Technology Solutions is a developer and producer of radio, microwave, and millimeter wave semiconductor devices and components .
JSW Energy Limited is the dynamic vertical of $11 Bn JSW Group which has set up business facilities in various core sectors of India .
Simon Coleby is a British comic book artist who has worked mainly for British sci-fi comic 2000 AD and Marvel Comics .
Experion Technologies is a software products and services company with its headquarters in Technopark, Kerala, India .
The Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem was a crusader state established in the Southern Levant in 1099 after the First Crusade .
Whatman is a GE Healthcare Life Sciences brand specialising in lab filtration products and separation technologies .
Leader Price , is a French discount store chain of the Groupe Casino, headquartered in Paris, France .
Tidiane Sane is a Senegalese professional football midfielder who plays for the Turkish Süper Lig side Sanica Boru Elazığspor .
JMI Equity is an American growth equity firm focused on investing in leading software, internet, business services and healthcare IT companies .
BINA Istra is a Croatian joint stock company founded in 1995 to facilitate construction and subsequent management of an Istrian Y motorway, consisting of the A8 motorway and the A9 motorway .
Della Ferrera is an Italian motorcycle marque founded by the Della Ferrera brothers in Torino .
CILAS is a French company, a subsidiary of EADS Astrium, specialized in laser and optics technology, founded in 1966 .
Kranich's Jewelers is a family owned jewelry store with locations in Altoona, State College and Johnstown Pennsylvania .
Mary Hanson is an American television presenter and host of The Mary Hanson Show .
Puerto Rico in favor of a change in status, with full statehood the preferred option .
Moravia is a historical country in Central Europe in the east of the Czech Republic and one of the historical Czech lands, together with Bohemia and Czech Silesia .
omNovia Technologies is a software company, founded by Shahin Shadfar in 2004 that provides web conferencing solutions for realtime, rich-media online meetings, webinars, webcasts and eLearning sessions with two to 5,000 interactive participants .
Saihi Motor is a bus company in north area of Nagasaki Prefecture and west area of Saga Prefecture .
AlphaGraphics is a franchised chain of more than 260 independently owned and operated marketing service providers with full-service print shops .
Ghanzi is a town in the western part of the Republic of Botswana in southern Africa .
Processor Technology Corporation was a personal computer company founded in April 1975 by Gary Ingram and Bob Marsh in Berkeley, California .
Van Vandegrift and other Fox and NBC series as well as innovative viral marketing web series and mobile series .
Tope Alabi, also known as Ore ti o common, and as Agbo Jesu, is a multi-platinum Nigerian Gospel Singer, film music composer and actress .
The Kingdom of Maynila , was one of three major city-states that dominated the area by the lower reaches and mouth of the Pasig River before the arrival of Spanish colonizers in the 16th century .
China Huadian Corporation is one of the five largest state-owned power generation enterprises in China, administrated by SASAC for the State Council of the People's Republic of China, engaging in production and supply of electricity and heat, and the development of power-related primary energy .
Rosenergomash is probably a Russian electro-mechanical manufacturer and operator, which owns or operates several plants in Ukraine and Russia .
Theater Regensburg is a theatrical organization that produces operas, musicals, ballets, plays, and concerts in Regensburg, Germany .
The Southland Province was a province of New Zealand from March 1861, when it split from Otago Province, until 1870, when it rejoined Otago .
CheapTickets is an online travel services company focusing on the leisure market, offering airline tickets, hotel and vacation rentals, rental cars, customized vacation packages, and cruises .
Shanghai Film Group Corporation is a film, animation and documentary production company under the Shanghai Media & Entertainment Group conglomerate .
Bill Wilson is a former Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives, for the 22nd District from 2003- 2011, and served as Chairman of Business and Labor .
Marine Harvest ASA, Pan Fish prior to February 6, 2007, is a Norwegian seafood company with operations in a number of countries around the world .
The Saffron Building Society is a regional building society which has branches and agencies in the East of England .
Collie Buddz is an American/Bermudian reggae artist best known for his single ""Come Around"" .
The Universal Insurance Company Limited is a part of Bibojee Group of Companies which was established by the late Habibullah Khan Khattak .
Jan Kanty Pawluśkiewicz is a Polish composer and musician, known for his collaboration with Marek Grechuta and his compositions for stage and film .
Kiehl's is an American cosmetics brand retailer that specializes in making premium skin, hair, and body care products .
Giannis Valinakis , after serving as assistant director of research, director of research, and director general .
The Republic of Sonora was a declared federal republic composed of two states: the controlled Baja California and non-controlled Sonora .
Suka Makmue is a town in Aceh province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Nagan Raya Regency .
Gary Anthony Siplin was a Democratic member of the Florida Senate, representing the 19th District since 2003 .
Michael James ""Jim"" Kale is a Canadian musician, best known as the bassist for The Guess Who .
Russia , as well as being the leading member of the Commonwealth of Independent States .
The United States Navy grew rapidly during World War II from 1941–45, and played the central role in the war against Japan, and : the Attack on Pearl Harbor, Battle of the Coral Sea, the Battle of Midway, the Battle of the Philippine Sea, the Battle of Leyte Gulf, and the Battle of Okinawa .
Kampong Thom is the capital city of Kampong Thom Province, Cambodia lying on the bank of the Stung Sen River .
Royal Leerdam Crystal, also known as Royal Leerdam, is the designing and glass blowing department of Dutch glassware producing factory, Glasfabriek Leerdam .
Maria Remenyi is a beauty queen and, later, an astrophysicist and cosmologist, who held the title of Miss USA 1966 .
ADVA Optical Networking SE is a telecommunications vendor that provides network equipment for data, storage, voice and video services .
Doc Savage is a fictional character originally published in American pulp magazines during the 1930s and 1940s .
Checker Book Publishing Group was an independent publisher of comics reprints, from newspaper strips to modern out-of-print titles and collections from defunct publishers .
Myinmu is a river town in the southeast of the Sagaing Division in Burma .
Bushnell Corporation, also known as Bushnell and Bushnell Outdoor Products, is an American company specializing in optics and imaging .
Brendan Ian ""Brush"" Shiels is an Irish musician from County Dublin, best known for being the frontman of Gary Moore's first band, Skid Row .
Owen's Market is a small chain of grocery stores located in northern Indiana in the United States, owned by the Kroger corporation .
Ann Jones is a journalist and author of a number of non-fiction books about her research into women's and humanitarian issues: Women Who Kill, Kabul in Winter, Looking for Lovedu, Next Time She'll be Dead and When Love Goes Wrong .
The Tuvan Autonomous Oblast was an autonomous oblast of the Soviet Union created on 11 October 1944 following the annexation of the Tuvan People's Republic by the Soviet Union .
National Bulk Handling Corporation is India's leading integrated commodity and collateral management company based in Mumbai .
Nikephoros Kallistos Xanthopoulos, Latinized as Nicephorus Callistus Xanthopulus , of Constantinople, the last of the Greek ecclesiastical historians, flourished around 1320 .
Marcus Bleasdale is a British photojournalist, born in the UK to an Irish family .
Aidan John Moffat is a Scottish vocalist and musician, best known for his work with Malcolm Middleton in Arab Strap .
Düsseldorf is one of the five Regierungsbezirke of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, located in the north-west of the country .
Georgia has competed seven times at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest , debuting at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2007 in Rotterdam .
Kuningan is a city in eastern West Java, Indonesia, between Cirebon and Tasikmalaya, about 200 km east of Jakarta .
Palash Sen is an Indian singer, songwriter, musician, composer and actor best known as the founder and frontman of India's biggest band Euphoria .
Lankhmar is a fictional city in the Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser stories by Fritz Leiber .
Kristina Matisic is the host, with Anna Wallner, of The Shopping Bags, Anna & Kristina's Grocery Bag, and Anna & Kristina's Beauty Call .
The Taifa of Silves was a Muslim taifa kingdom that existed in what is now southern Portugal for two distinct periods: from 1027 to 1063, and again from 1145 to 1150 when it was finally conquered by the Almohads .
Imatest LLC is a company that produces image quality testing software and offers a range of consulting services .
Rezolution Pictures is a film and television production company based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, focusing primarily on Canadian Aboriginal productions .
Janet Greenip was a Republican State Senator from Crofton, Maryland, representing District 33 from 2003 through 2009 .
Macarthur Coal was a mining company based in Queensland, Australia, which was incorporated in October 1995 .
Bahawalpur was a princely state, currently part of Punjab province, stretching along the southern bank of the Sutlej and Indus Rivers, with its capital city at Bahawalpur .
Thwaites & Reed has been in continuous manufacture since its foundation and claims to be the oldest clock manufacturing company in the world .
Tuan Haji Anuar bin Haji Abdul Wahab AMN was a grandmaster of Seni Gayung Fatani who, during his time, revolutionized the teaching and practice of silat in Malaysia .
No Income No Asset but in actuality have been popularly used in situations where aggressive mortgage lenders and brokers did not want any trouble qualifying otherwise non-qualifying loans, thus becoming a significant factor in the subprime lending crisis .
Bobby Susser , and also known as Bob Susser, is a multi-award winning, American songwriter, record producer, and performer, best known for his young children's music .
Thrill is a pay television horror channel in Asia owned by Celestial Tiger Entertainment and billed as Asia's first and only movie channel dedicated to 24/7 to the horror suspense genre .
John Timothy ""Tim"" Griffin is an American politician and member of the Republican Party who is the 16th and current Lieutenant Governor of Arkansas of the state of Arkansas, since 2015 .
The Fula or Fulani jihads, were a series of independent but loosely connected events across West Africa between the late 17th century and European colonization, in which Muslim Fulas took control of various parts of the region .
Aundh State was a Maratha princely state in the British Raj, in the Deccan States Agency division of the Bombay Presidency .
The Province of Prussia was a province of the Kingdom of Prussia from 1829–1878 created out of the provinces of East Prussia and West Prussia .
Fran Cosmo is an American musician best known as a former lead singer of the bands Boston and Orion the Hunter .
Puppet Up! – Uncensored is a live show produced by The Jim Henson Company combining puppetry and improvisational comedy created by Brian Henson and Groundlings performer Patrick Bristow .
Soviet Central Asia refers to the section of Central Asia formerly controlled by the Soviet Union, as well as the time period of Soviet administration .
Mered de Vries is a Dutch professional beach volleyball and indoor volleyball player born in the small village of Harich in Friesland .
Lovecraft Country is a term coined by Keith Herber for the New England setting, combining real and fictitious locations, used by H .
Korea Newswire is a commercial news agency service which distributes press releases to Korean media and internet portals .
Rao Inderjit Singh is an Indian politician who is a Minister of State in the government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and a member of the 16th Lok Sabha, the lower house of the parliament of India .
Harold Rudolf Foster , better known as Hal Foster, was a Canadian-American illustrator and writer best known as the creator of the comic strip Prince Valiant .
The Federal Republic of Brazil is a union of twenty-seven Federal Units , where the federal capital, Brasília, is located .
Abderrahmane Abdelli is an Berber author, composer, and singer songwriter known for mixing the traditional North African music of his homeland with modern sounds .
The Theme of the Aegean Sea , it served chiefly to provide ships and troops for the Byzantine navy, but also served as a civil administrative circumscription .
Hassan Sattar is an Iranian Pop-tenor, Oratorio singer with specialization in both Persian pop and classical music .
Poldhu is a small area in south Cornwall, England, UK, situated on the Lizard Peninsula; it comprises Poldhu Point and Poldhu Cove .
The Eaton Harbors Corporation on the North Shore of Long Island on the Eatons Neck and Asharoken peninsula .
Chevys Fresh Mex is a chain of Mexican-style casual dining restaurants located in the United States .
Mark Hunter Klein is an American blue eyed soul and blues singer-songwriter, actor and member of The Boogie Kings, an American swamp pop band .
Alec Soth is an American photographer, notable for ""large-scale American projects"" featuring the midwestern United States .
Veda Beaux Reves, also known as Enda McGrattan, but better known simply as Veda, is a drag queen and singer from Dublin, Ireland .
Exhumed Films is a Philadelphia-based ""organization devoted to showing horror movies for the benefit of their fans .
The Cherokee Commission, was a three-person bi-partisan body created by President Benjamin Harrison to operate under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior, as empowered by Section 14 of the Indian Appropriations Act of March 2, 1889 .
Morbidgames is a publisher of role-playing games and sci-fi fiction under the Open Game License using the d20 system, the majority of which take place in a medieval world with fantasy and steampunk elements .
Alpes Poeninae, also known as Alpes Graiae, was a small Alpine province of the Roman Empire, one of three such provinces in the western Alps between Italy and Gaul .
Cincinnati, Ohio is served by one daily newspaper, the Cincinnati Enquirer and six alternative, weekly, and monthly publications .
Patil Prakashbapu Vasantdada , and their son Pratik Patil who won the by-poll occasioned by his father's death .
Alexandra ""Ali"" Lowe Riley is an American-born New Zealand association football player who is currently a member of the FC Rosengård in Damallsvenskan .
Duck Baker is an accomplished and influential American fingerstyle guitarist, who in his playing combines genres as varied as rags, blues, country, gospel, cajun, bluegrass, Celtic music, ballads and jazz, swing, New Orleans jazz and free jazz .
Windward Reports is a suite of enterprise-level reporting software, document generation software, and business intelligence software for business teams .
iSheriff is an Internet security vendor that specializes in cloud-based security and compliance, with specialities in E-mail filtering, Web filters and endpoint security .
Nike Davies-Okundaye aka ""'Nike Davies'"" aka ""'Nike Twin Seven Seven'"" aka ""'Nike Olaniyi'"" is a Nigerian batik and textile designer, considered to be the foremost designer on the west coast of Africa .
Emerson Network Power – a division of Emerson Electric Company – is a global technology company that specializes in the development and manufacture of power backup systems, power supplies, embedded computing solutions, precision cooling, racks/enclosures, infrastructure management, and connectivity technologies for original equipment manufacturers, telecommunications service providers, data center professionals, health care IT managers, and industrial facility managers .
First West Credit Union is the third-largest credit union in British Columbia by asset size following Vancity and Coast Capital Savings .
Anhalt-Bernburg was a principality of the Holy Roman Empire and a duchy of the German Confederation ruled by the House of Ascania with its residence at Bernburg in present-day Saxony-Anhalt .
The State Railways of the Turkish Republic of railways making it the 22nd largest railway system in the world .
The German Confederation , after which they became a part of the new German state .
Camila Grey is a Los Angeles based musician currently performing in the duo Uh Huh Her .
DEODEO Corporation is one of the largest consumer electronics retailer chains based in Hiroshima, Japan .
The Battle of Owyhee River took place during the Snake War in 1866 in response to Paiute attacks along the Boise River .
The Egyptian Radio and Television Union , formerly the Arab Radio and Television Union, is the public broadcaster of Egypt, operated by the Egyptian government .
Tom Douglas is an American executive chef, restaurateur, author, and radio talk show host .
Plum Financial Services Limited is an Australian corporate superannuation administrator and provider of financial products and services .
Rusty Jeffers to hold a bodybuilding show in his name: the 2015 Rusty Jeffers Southwest Championships on April 11, 2015 .
Sukhbir Singh Badal is an Indian politician who has been the Deputy Chief Minister of Punjab since 2009 .
Akwa Akpa, known to colonists as Old Calabar or Duke Town was an Efik city-state that flourished in the 19th century in what is now southeastern Nigeria .
Ali Mohammed Mujawar served as Prime Minister of Yemen between 7 April 2007 and December 10, 2011 and prior as electricity minister .
The historic City of Golden is the Home Rule Municipality that is the county seat of Jefferson County, Colorado, United States .
The United States housing bubble was an economic bubble affecting many parts of the United States housing market in over half of American states .
Konstantinos is the name of a practicing occultist and neopagan , and the author of six spiritual and occult books on nocturnal witchcraft, all published by Llewellyn Worldwide .
Australian Capital Territory is a territory in the south east of Australia, enclaved within New South Wales .
NKT Holding is a holding company and industrial conglomerate with interests in cables and wires, cleaning equipment and high-pressure cleaners for both industry and private use as well as optical components, lasers and crystal fibres .
The Sultanate of Damagaram was a powerful pre-colonial state in what is now southeastern Niger, centered on the city of Zinder .
Katha is a town in Sagaing Region, Myanmar, on the west side of the Irrawaddy River on a bluff with an average elevation of 124 m .
Brooke Skye is a model, and former American pornographic actress who currently lives in San Diego, California .
Urbi, incorporated in 1981, is a home developer based in Mexico, its headquarters are located in the Northwestern city and the capital of the state of Baja California, Mexicali .
Teruhiko ""Teru"" Kobashi CM to show people of having the blood tested for HIV awareness .
Pergamino Partido is a partido located in the north of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina .
BC Partners is a private equity firm specialising in buyouts and acquisitions financing in Europe and the United States .
Eugene Montgomery, a painter and illustrator, was born in Texas in 1905 and died in Aurora, Illinois on December 16, 2001 of complications from a broken hip .
CT&T United is the world's largest manufacturer of battery electric vehicles including the eZone Medium Speed Vehicle and cZone low-speed vehicle based in South Korea .
Dodoma , officially Dodoma Urban District, is the national capital of Tanzania and the capital of Dodoma Region, with a population of 410,956 .
Bedaya Singuila N'Garoest better known as Singuila and ""Ma Nature"", strengthen his position in French R'n'B circles .
Knud Jeppesen was a Danish musicologist, composer, and writer on the history of music .
Sitecore is a customer experience management company that provides web content management and multichannel marketing automation software .
James Michael Jackson, known as Mike Jackson is a Republican former member of the Texas Senate representing the 11th District .
Patrick Blake Judd , a native of Greensburg, Kentucky, is an independent filmmaker who currently resides in Lexington, Kentucky .
Johnny Kreiss was the drummer of Axl Rose and Izzy Stradlin's pre-Guns N' Roses band Hollywood Rose .
Donald Douglas and the role of Admiral Darcy in the Bridget Jones's Diary movies .
The Dervish state was an early 20th-century Somali Sunni Islamic state that was established by Muhammad Abdullah Hassan, a religious leader who gathered Somali soldiers from across the Horn of Africa and united them into a loyal army known as the Dervishes .
Elliott Landy is a photographer best known for his iconic photographs of rock musicians .
Taybarns is an English low-cost all-you-can-eat restaurant chain owned by Whitbread, modelled on the Golden Corral chain in the United States .
The Eastland Company, or North Sea Company, was an English crown-chartered company, founded in 1579 to foster trade with Scandinavia and Baltic Sea states .
Woodrow Phoenix is a British comics artist, writer, editorial illustrator, graphic designer, font designer and author of children's books .
Sanne Keizer is a Dutch professional beach volleyball and indoor volleyball player born in Doetinchem .
The Chagatai Khanate was a Mongol khanate that comprised the lands ruled by Chagatai Khan, second son of Genghis Khan, and his descendents and successors .
The Sawyers Fight was part of a surveying expedition in late 1865 to improve the emigrant trails from Nebraska to Montana .
The British Aerosol Manufacturers’ Association is a UK trade association based in Stevenage, which represents companies involved in the aerosol supply chain, including suppliers of components and ingredients to fillers and marketers .
Israel has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 37 times since making its debut in 1973 .
A prisoner in the Vatican or prisoner of the Vatican is how Pope Pius IX was described following the capture of Rome by the armed forces of the Kingdom of Italy on 20 September 1870 .
Not to be confused with the Canadian R&B singer Inez Jasper, who also goes by InezInez is a Danish singer .
Meiju Enho, born in 1981 in Finland, is the former keyboard player of the Finnish Viking folk metal band Mamyth .
Dartmouth Broadcasting began in 1920s with the ambitions of a few Dartmouth College students that decided to give a new technology called radio a try .
The Hồ dynasty was a short-lived six-year reign of two emperors, Hồ Quý Ly in 1400-01 and his second son, Hồ Hán Thương, who reigned from 1401 to 1406 .
LaSalle Ishii on October 19, 1955 in Osaka Prefecture, is a Japanese TV personality, actor, voice actor, and theater director .
Panasonic , CD players and home stereo equipment, fax machines, scanners, printers, electronic white-boards, electronic components and semiconductors .
Tundra Semiconductor Corporation supplies communications, computing and storage companies with System Interconnect products, intellectual property and design services backed by customer service and technical support .
Anthony John Roberts MP , an Australian politician, is the New South Wales Minister for Resources and Energy and the Special Minister of State, since 2013 in the Baird government and the former Minister for Fair Trading in the O'Farrell government .
Mackay Transit is the principal bus operator in Mackay in Queensland operating services the QConnect scheme in regional Queensland .
Salvador, formerly São Salvador da Bahia de Todos os Santos , known as Elevador Lacerda, has connected the two sections since 1873, having since undergone several upgrades .
Park Plaza Hotels & Resorts is a worldwide brand of 39 hotels operating in Europe, the Middle East, the United States and Asia .
Steven Best , though he has said that he is not himself an ALF activist .
Classical Theatre Project is a professional theatre company based in Toronto, Ontario that creates innovative productions of classic plays for a new generation of theatre fans .
Kosovo , Regional Cooperation Council, Council of Europe Development Bank, Venice Commission and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development .
Navahrudak Voblast or Novogrudak Oblast was a Voblast of the Byelorussian SSR following the annexation of West Belarus into the BSSR in 1939 .
The SAO of Romanija was a self-proclaimed Serbian Autonomous Oblast within today's Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Battambang , though it was always populated by Khmer with a mix of ethnic Vietnamese, Lao, Thai and Chinese .
Highland Scottish Omnibuses Ltd was formed as a bus operating subsidiary of the Scottish Transport Group in June 1985 from Highland Omnibuses Ltd, and operated until October 1995 when the company was split into two - Highland Bus & Coach and Highland Country Buses .
K-Solo is an American rapper from Central Islip, New York who, along with Redman, EPMD, Das EFX, and Keith Murray, was part of the Hit Squad in 1990s .
Midland Scottish Omnibuses Ltd was a bus operating subsidiary of the Scottish Transport Group formed in June 1985 from Walter Alexander and Sons Ltd, and operated until 1991 when it became Midland Bluebird Ltd .
Donato Francisco Mattera , better known as Don Mattera, is a South African poet and author .
The Mitsubishi Group is a group of autonomous Japanese multinational companies covering a range of businesses which share the Mitsubishi brand, trademark, and legacy .
Zacatecas , is one of the 31 states which, with the Federal District, comprise the 32 Federal Entities of Mexico .
Sebastian Koch is a German television and movie actor and recipient of various German film awards .
TVP Katowice aka TV Katowice also Television Katowice is one of the regional branches of the TVP, Poland's public television broadcaster .
Kummuh is an Iron Age Neo-Hittite - Proto-Armenian kingdom located on the west bank of the Upper Euphrates within the easternly loop of the river between Malatya and Carchemish .
The Transpadane Republic , even if its orders had to be approved by the French military commander of Lombardy .
Liberty Tax Service is a United States-based company specializing in the preparation of tax returns for individuals and small businesses, it is the third largest tax preparation franchise in the United States .
Nicole LeFavour is an American politician and educator from Idaho, served as an Idaho State Senator from 2008 to 2012 .
The term Angevin Empire by Philip II of France of the House of Capet, which left the empire split in two, having lost many French provinces, including Normandy and Anjou .
Mercedes Partido is a partido located in the eastern part of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina .
Mathias Eick is a Norwegian jazz musician, and the brother of the jazz musicians Johannes Eick and Trude Eick .
Commonly known as Avro Canada, this company started in 1945 as an aircraft plant and became within thirteen years the third-largest company in Canada, one of the largest 100 companies in the world, and directly employing over 50,000 .
Sedmoi Kontinent MCX: SCON is a major grocery retail chain operating 140 stores in Russia and one in Belarus .
The Sikh Empire was a major power in the Indian subcontinent, that arose under the leadership of Maharaja Ranjit Singh who established the empire basing it around the Punjab .
Leo Apostel was a Belgian philosopher and professor at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel and Ghent University .
Ropeadope Records is an American record label known for recordings in a variety of genres including; jazz, hip hop, gospel and electronic music .
Coastal Studios, formerly known as Coastal Carolina Sound Studios, is a recording studio located in Wilmington, North Carolina .
Nicholas James ""Nick"" Vujicic is an Australian Christian evangelist and motivational speaker born with tetra-amelia syndrome, a rare disorder characterised by the absence of all four limbs .
The Batavian Republic , surprisingly did not slavishly follow French dictates either, leading to his downfall .
The Second Bank of the United States, located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, was the second federally authorized Hamiltonian National Bank in the United States during its 20-year charter from February 1816 to January 1836 .
A state of the United States of America is one of the 50 constituent political entities that shares its sovereignty with the United States federal government .
Pottsylvania is a fictional country that appeared in the television series Rocky and His Friends and The Bullwinkle Show, collectively referred to as Rocky and Bullwinkle .
The Kingdom of Gera , Gera's territory corresponds approximately with the modern woreda of Gera .
Axis Group Yacht Design is an Italian naval architecture, marine engineering and design company specialized in the over 40 meter luxury motoryacht market .
The Banovina of Croatia or Banate of Croatia of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia between 1939 and 1941 .
In the World of Greyhawk campaign setting for the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game, the Wolf Nomads, properly known as the Wegwiur, is a political state of the Flanaess .
A republic in the Commonwealth of Nations is any one of the 32 sovereign states of the Commonwealth of Nations with a republican form of government .
Katerina Moutsatsou or Moutsatsos , is a Los Angeles-based Greek actress, producer, writer, and activist .
Famoudou Don Moye, and is noted for his mastery of African and Caribbean percussion instruments and rhythmic techniques .
British Togoland officially Mandate Territory of Togoland and later officially Trust Territory of Togoland was a territory in West Africa, under the administration of the United Kingdom .
Peshawar , and the administrative centre and economic hub for the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan .
The First White House of the Confederacy was the executive residence of President Jefferson Davis and family while the capital of the Confederate States of America was in Montgomery, Alabama .
Ford India Private Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Ford Motor Company in India .
Chaoda Modern Agriculture Limited is a publicly owned company in the production and distribution of ecologically grown vegetables and other agricultural products .
Arnaldo Edi Lopes da Silva , commonly known as Edinho, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Turkish club Kayseri Erciyesspor as a striker .
The Republic of North Ingria was a short-lived state of Ingrian Finns in the southern part of the Karelian Isthmus, which seceded from Bolshevist Russia after the October Revolution .
Gothong Southern or Gothong Southern Shipping Lines Incorporated is a shipping and cargo line based in Cebu City .
Professor Amitabh Mattoo and was a member of the task force constituted by Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Global Strategic Developments .
The Sanjak of Montenegro of the Ottoman Empire in the Balkan Peninsula roughly corresponding to modern Montenegro .
Uganda Telecom, whose full legal name is Uganda Telecom Limited , is an information and communication technology network company in Uganda .
Dave Thomas, born 5 October 1950 in Kirkby-in-Ashfield, England is a former professional footballer and England international who played as a midfielder .
James Gamble Rogers IV was a folk artist musician and storyteller known for the recurring theme in his songs and stories about characters and places in a fictional Florida county .
Not to be confused with the Caucasus EmirateThe Caucasian Imamate also known as the Caucasus Imamate was the state established by the imams in Dagestan and Chechnya during the early and middle of the 19th century in the Northern Caucasus, to fight against the Russian Empire during the Caucasian War, where Russia sought to conquer the Caucasus in order to secure communications with its Southern territories, with the long term goal of the conquest of the ""riches of Persia and the Middle East"" .
Monchegorsky District of Murmansk Okrug of Leningrad Oblast, and later of Murmansk Oblast of the Russian SFSR, Soviet Union, which existed in 1938–1949 .
Seo In-Young , also known as Elly, is a South Korean singer, dancer, model, television host, and actress .
Palembang is the second-largest city in Sumatra Island after Medan and the capital city of the South Sumatra province in Indonesia .
Stephen is a successful British Yachtsman who has enjoyed success in a classes from the International Cadet to the 49er .
Delhi , Greater Noida, Sonepat, Panipat, Karnal, Rohtak, Bhiwani, Rewari, Baghpat, Meerut, Alwar, Bharatpur and other nearby towns .
Voronyinskoye Rural Community of Kemsky Uyezd of Arkhangelsk Governorate of the Russian Empire, which existed in 1861–1866 .
Mortgage Loan Directory and Information, LLC is a publisher providing editorial content and directory information in the field of mortgages and personal finance based in New York City, in the United States .
Deborah Ann ""Debbie"" Dingell is an American politician who has been the United States Representative for Michigan's 12th congressional district since 2015 .
Roxana Robinson is an American novelist and biographer whose fiction explores the complexity of familial bonds and fault lines .
Zoonami was a video game development company, founded in 1998 by Martin Hollis, the director and producer of GoldenEye 007 .
The policy of Irish neutrality during World War II was adopted by the Irish parliament at the instigation of the Taoiseach Éamon de Valera upon the outbreak of World War II in Europe .
The city of Solothurn is the capital of the Canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Annie Ward Mobley is a Democratic member of the North Carolina House of Representatives, representing the 5th district since her appointment in January 2007 .
Smartnet IBC LTD is a company with a portfolio filled with web sites specialized at helping communities of graphic artists, sculptors and painters from all over the world .
Pyapon is a town and seat of Pyapon District in the Ayeyarwady Division of Myanmar, along the Pyapon River, a tributary of the Ayeyarwady River .
Dublin as a global city, with a ranking of ""Alpha-"", placing it among the top thirty cities in the world .
Antonio Lindbäck is an international motorcycle speedway rider who was a member of the Swedish team who won the Speedway World Cup in 2004 .
Tilamuta is a town in Sulawesi in Indonesia and is the seat of the Regency of Boalemo .
Deacon is an American ""Written, Arranged, Produced and Performed By"" singer songwriter from Tulsa, Oklahoma .
Cultural depictions of the city of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania range from depictions of major historical events to the city being used as a minor backdrop .
The Playwrights' Center is a non-profit theatre organization focused on both supporting playwrights and promoting new plays to production at theaters across the country .
Åhus Glass was a Swedish ice cream producer, situated in the locality of Åhus in Kristianstad Municipality, Skåne County .
Charlie Waite is an English landscape photographer, noted for his ""painterly"" approach in using light and shade .
Dimdim was a software company that provided a web-based platform for realtime, rich-media collaboration and meetings .
One of Irelands foremost singers, Eleanor Shanley, from Keshcarrigan in County Leitrim in the North West of Ireland, is renowned for her unique interpretation of Irish and Roots songs .
Isenburg-Neumagen was the name of a state of the Holy Roman Empire, based around Neumagen-Dhron in modern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany .
Zytek Group Ltd was an automotive and motorsport company founded by Bill Gibson in 1981 and based in Fradley and Repton, United Kingdom .
Graham Rawle is a UK writer and collage artist whose visual work incorporates illustration, design, photography and installation .
Booksfree is an online book rental company, the first to offer flat rate rental-by-mail to customers in the United States .
The Telegraph Media Group is the proprietor of The Daily Telegraph and The Sunday Telegraph .
Solé Bicycle Company was founded in 2010, by University of Southern California students, Jonathan Ross Shriftman and Jacob Medwell .
The Chulalongkorn University Book Center is a chain of bookstores operated by Chulalongkorn University in Thailand .
Inírida is mostly indigenous and accounts for about a third of the department's population .
Elizabeth Holden, better known by her pen name Louise Lawrence, was an English science fiction author, acclaimed during the 1970s and 1980s .
Breck Stewart also known as Breck Alec Stewart is a singer-songwriter, actor, director and editor in various projects .
Doyon, Limited is one of thirteen Alaska Native Regional Corporations created under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act of 1971 in settlement of aboriginal land claims .
Mark Lockheart is a British jazz tenor saxophonist who came to prominence as a member of the Loose Tubes big band during the 1980s .
The Republika Srpska is one of two entities in Bosnia and Herzegovina; the other entity is the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Indus Flotilla was a steamship company established in 1859 in British India to provide ""the navigation of the Indus, &c, by means of steam vessels [sic], between Kotree and Mooltan, to be worked in connection with the railways .
Southern Cameroons was the southern part of the British Mandate territory of Cameroons in West Africa .
Daik is the main town on the island of Lingga of Lingga Regency, in the Riau archipelago in Indonesia .
Jacksons Stores Ltd, named after William Jackson, the man who founded it, was a British chain of 114 convenience stores in Yorkshire and the North Midlands that was founded in 1991 by the Hull-based William Jackson & Sons Ltd and sold to Sainsbury's in 2004, an acquisition which doubled that company's share of the convenience store market .
The UWM Post was a weekly newspaper independently run by the students of the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee .
Stonyfield Farm, also simply called Stonyfield, is an organic yogurt maker located in Londonderry, New Hampshire, USA .
Marcel Wanders is a Dutch designer, and art director in the Powerhouse studio in Amsterdam, who designs architectural, interior and industrial projects .
Global Sources allow buyers to contact manufacturers directly for inquiries and purchases Global Sources Magazines feature thousands of informative supplier advertisements .
Ekiti State is a state in western Nigeria, declared a state on October 1, 1996 alongside five others by the military under the dictatorship of General Sani Abacha .
Dromon Bureau of Shipping is an International Classification Society, providing classification and statutory certification services to ships and other marine structures, based on International Conventions, Rules and Regulations .
Desiree Tyler Horton , nicknamed ""Chopper Chick,"" is a helicopter pilot and television personality based in Los Angeles, California .
The Treaty With The Cherokee, 1798, also known as the First Treaty of Tellico, was signed on October 2, 1798, in the Overhill Cherokee settlement of Great Tellico near Tellico Blockhouse in what is now Tennessee .
Nizhnekamskneftekhim , also known as NKNH, is a large petrochemical company headquartered in the city of Nizhnekamsk, in the Tatarstan Republic in Russia, east of Moscow .
Bernard Quirinus Petrus Joseph de Wit in 1978, where became head of the theory group in 1981 .
Shaqlawa is an historically Assyrian city in the Arbil Governorate in the Kurdistan region of Iraq .
The Broadway Federal Bank is a community bank founded in 1946 and based in Los Angeles .
Walnut Tree Records established in 2007, is a British independent record label specialising in limited run releases from new and upcoming bands from around the United Kingdom .
Peace Arch Entertainment is a Canadian motion picture and television production company based in Toronto, Canada with offices in Los Angeles and Vancouver .
The Weather Channel is an American basic cable and satellite television channel that is owned by The Weather Company, itself owned by a consortium that is owned in turn by NBCUniversal and investment firms The Blackstone Group and Bain Capital – and includes the online weather services Weather Underground and Intellicast, and weather data and software company Weather Services International , giving it the highest national distribution of any U .
Kiss Flights was a charter, seat only tour operator which ceased trading on 17 August 2010 .
Simon Hale is a BAFTA winning British composer, arranger and keyboard player in the recording industry .
Santiago is a province of the Dominican Republic, in the north of the country .
Juliet Gardiner is a British historian and a commentator on British social history from Victorian times through to the 1950s .
Smallworld is the brand name of a portfolio of GIS software provided by GE Energy, a division of General Electric .
For the Mexico City-based cargo airline see AeroUnionAero Union Corporation was an aircraft operation and maintenance company based in Chico, California, United States .
SindoPower is the first business-to-business eCommerce business owned by a manufacturer of power semiconductor components .
The Bishopric of Brandenburg was a Roman Catholic diocese established by Otto the Great in 948, including the territory between the Elbe on the west, the Oder on the east, and the Schwarze Elster on the south, and taking in the Uckermark to the north .
In Greek mythology, Comaetho in Patrae, thus both putting an end to the sacrifices and curing himself of madness which had been sent upon him when he had first looked at the god's image .
Aareal Bank AG is an international company listed on the MDAX index with headquarters in Wiesbaden, Germany, which traded as DePfa Deutsche Bau- und Boden Bank AG and formed part of the DePfa Gruppe until 2002 .
The State of Quán , Shayang County, Jingmen City, Hubei Province, next to what would later emerge as the State of Chu .
ION Geophysical is a technology-focused seismic solutions company that provides advanced acquisition equipment, software, planning and seismic processing services, and seismic data libraries to the global oil & gas industry .
Dimitri Pelo is a French professional rugby league player for Canberra Raiders in the NRL .
Walter Lee Harrison, a native of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, is an American scholar of American Literature and Culture, and serves as the President of the University of Hartford, in West Hartford, CT .
Behr Brothers was a New York based piano company founded in 1880 and hailed as a major contributor to the piano industry of the late 19th and early 20th Centuries .
The island of Samos had participated in the Greek War of Independence and had successfully resisted several Turkish and Egyptian attempts to occupy it, but it was not included with the boundaries of the newly independent Kingdom of Greece after 1832 .
The Taifa of Menorca was a medieval taifa kingdom, which existed from 1228 until 1287, when the Kingdom of Aragon conquered it .
Inventory Locator Service, LLC is an American company that started the first e-Marketplace for aviation, marine, and defense industries .
Al-Qurnah is locally celebrated and shown to the tourist as the actual Tree of Knowledge noted in the Bible .
Nelson Évora is a Portuguese athlete, of Cape Verdean descent, who specializes in the triple jump and long jump .
The Kingdom of Asturias was a kingdom in the Iberian Peninsula founded in 718 by Visigothic nobleman Pelagius of Asturias .
The Qatar Investment Authority is Qatar's sovereign wealth fund, specializing in domestic and foreign investment .
Franciscus Henricus Antheunis, professionally known as Franciscus Henri , is an internationally known musician and children's entertainer .
Scott Griffiths, better known by the stage name Optamus, is one of the MCs of the Perth-based Australian hip-hop group Downsyde and member of WA's Syllabolix Crew .
MonoMetro is a transportation planning company formed in 1997 to promote a new design of suspended narrow-gauge railway .
Solarlite CSP Technology GmbH, located in Mecklenburg-Pomerania, Germany, develops and builds decentralized solar-thermal parabolic trough power plants and process heat plants .
Helen Marie Salas is a beauty pageant titleholder from the United States who placed in the top five in both the Miss USA and Miss Teen USA pageants .
Utility Submetering is the implementation of a system that allows a landlord, property management firm, condominium association, homeowners association, or other multi-tenant property to bill tenants for individual measured utility usage .
Allison Paganetti is a beauty queen from North Kingstown, Rhode Island who has competed in the Miss USA pageant .
Sheila Harsdorf is a Republican member of the Wisconsin Senate, representing the 10th District since 2001 .
Kars Oblast was one of the Transcaucasian oblasts of the Russian Empire between 1878 and 1917 .
dnata Travel is the biggest provider of travel services and products for retail and business customers for the Middle Eastern market .
Kabri is one of the villages in Panipat district of Haryana, India, located nearly 5 kilometres from National Highway 1, one of the major roads of India .
Urijah Christopher Faber is an American mixed martial artist, fighting as a bantamweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Grace Bio-Labs is a global supplier of pharmaceutical, biomedical, and biochemical research products based in Bend, Oregon, United States .
Cianjur is a city in the West Java province of Indonesia, and is the capital of Cianjur Regency .
Karrimor is a British brand of backpacks, outdoor and sports equipment, and clothing, and also refers to the companies of the same name, Karrimor International Ltd , 1998 saw the founding family forced out amid very severe disagreements about company direction, and the core business was then sold a second time in 1999 .
The Tennessee Valley Authority , TVA became a model for America's governmental efforts to seek to assist in the modernization of agrarian societies in the developing world .
Techpedia is a portal of technology projects by students to link the needs of industry and grassroot innovators with young minds and to promote collaborative research .
The Duchy of Montferrat was created out of what was left of the March of Montferrat after the last Palaeologus heir had died , a piece of the duchy passed to Savoy; the remainder passed to Savoy in 1708, as Leopold I, Holy Roman Emperor, gained possession of the principal Gonzaga territory, the Duchy of Mantua .
Arak About this sound pronunciation , is a city in and the capital of Markazi Province, Iran .
The Northwest Territories , although portions of the territory lie north of the tree line, and its most northern regions form part of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago .
Adrian Mrowiec is a Polish footballer who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for German club Chemnitzer FC .
Muhammad Hussein Yacoub is an Islamic scholar in Egypt, who has given hundreds of lectures in Da'wah .
Semichem are a British-based retailer that specialises in a wide variety of different household items, in particular focusing on perfume, health and other beauty products .
Dhani Ahmad Prasetyo , better known by Ahmad Dhani or Dhani Manaf, is an Indonesian rock musician, songwriter, arranger, and producer .
Ashley Gilbertson is a photographer with the VII Photo Agency known for his images of the Iraq war and the effects of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq on returning veterans and their families .
Barbara Delinsky is an American writer of romance novels, including 19 New York Times bestsellers .
John Richard DeGiuli, known by the stage name Johnnie Dee, is a Canadian rock vocalist, best known as the lead singer for the rock band Honeymoon Suite .
Indian Mound Cemetery is a cemetery located along the Northwestern Turnpike on a promontory of the ""Yellow Banks"" overlooking the South Branch Potomac River and Mill Creek Mountain in Romney, West Virginia, United States .
Capstone Infrastructure Corporation is a Toronto, Ontario-based open-ended trust that invests in the following types of power generation assets: Natural Gas cogeneration, Wind, Hydro, Biomass and Solar .
Bas Bron is a musical artist and a producer of mostly electronic music from Amsterdam, Netherlands .
Alfredo Duhalde Vásquez , Presidente of the Athletic Federation of Chile, partner of the Duhalde, Dibarrant and Co .
Funnelback is both an enterprise search engine and the name of the company selling the technology .
Pinlebu is a town in Katha District, Sagaing Division of Burma on the Mu River .
Becca Swanson is an American bodybuilder, powerlifter, pro wrestler and strongwoman who is often referred to as ""The World's Strongest Woman"" or ""The Strongest Woman on the Planet"" .
Memotec Data Incorporated was a small data processing and communications company based in Montreal, Quebec and came into the spolight when it purchased former crown corporation Teleglobe Canada in 1987 under the leadership of its president, William McKenzie .
Elaine Kontominas Alquist is the heart of Silicon Valley in Santa Clara County and includes the cities of San Jose, Santa Clara, Sunnyvale, Mountain View and Gilroy .
Pachuca, comes from the strong winds that blow into the valley through the canyons to the north of the city .
Julie Larson is an American cartoonist who draws the single panel comic strip The Dinette Set .
Cyprus Popular Bank , as of September 2012 it held a 16% share of the market in loans and a 14 .
Gerland Corporation is a retail company headquartered in Houston, Texas, United States; the company operates various grocery stores, gas stations, and check cashing stores within the Greater Houston Area .
The Kaliningrad Railway and differs from other Russian railways in having a string of standard gauge lines .
Terence Yin Chi Wai is a Chinese film actor, singer, producer and media relations .
In 2009 Adobe Systems acquired Omniture, an online marketing and web analytics business unit in Orem, Utah .
Standard Chartered Pakistan is a banking and financial services company in Pakistan and a wholly owned subsidiary of Standard Chartered .
Egba Alake is one of the four sections of Egbaland, the others being Oke-Ona, Gbagura and the Owu, and is a traditional state which joins with its bordering sections to form something of a high kingship .
David Meltzer is an American poet and musician of the Beat Generation and San Francisco Renaissance .
Christopher Michael ""Chris"" Richardson is an American singer-songwriter who was the fifth-place finalist on the sixth season of American Idol .
Vicor Music Corporation is one of the major record labels in the Philippines with a tag-line as ""The Home of Original Pilipino Music"" .
The Distrito Nacional is a subdivision of the Dominican Republic enclosing the capital Santo Domingo .
The Lombard Principality of Salerno was a South Italian state, centered on the port city of Salerno, formed in 851 out of the Principality of Benevento after a decade-long civil war .
Great Fridays is a Manchester-based product and service design company, founded in 2008 by Matthew Farrar and Robert Noble .
Rhodri ap Merfyn , succeeded his father, Merfyn Frych, as King of Gwynedd in 844 .
Flashnotes is an online marketplace that allows college students to buy and sell course specific notes, study guides, flashcards and other items to help students study and/or earn money throughout their college years .
Territorial changes of the Baltic states refers to the redrawing of borders of Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia after 1940 .
Ángela Gómez Durán who lived in Cantabria, Spain is a model and former Miss Cantabria 2005 .
The Principality of Hornes was created on the October 16, 1677, and was awarded to Count Eugene Maximillian of Hornes .
The Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan was the state established in 1996 when the Taliban began their rule of Afghanistan and ended with their fall from power in 2001 .
Esztergom of the Roman Catholic Church in Hungary, and the former seat of the Constitutional Court of Hungary .
Larantuka is a kecamatan , a local dialect over 80% cognate with Indonesian, is used as a lingua franca in this area .
Timothy Alan Kinnan was a Lieutenant General in the United States Air Force he retired from active duty in September 2004 .
Trubion was a publicly held biopharmaceutical company that was focused on creating a pipeline of protein-based therapeutic product candidates to treat autoimmune and inflammatory diseases and cancer .
Cheap Tickets Canada is an online and retail travel services company with headquarters and a call center in Saanich, near Victoria, British Columbia, Canada .
The Institution of Chemical Engineers is a global professional engineering institution with over 36,000 members in over 120 countries worldwide, founded in 1922, and awarded a Royal Charter in 1957 .
Lenny Pickett after dropping out of high school in Berkeley, he is completely self-taught in the saxophone .
The Protectorate General of Beiting was a Chinese military outpost established by the Tang Dynasty to control the Beiting area , to Gaochang's north in 702 .
The Farmers Bank of China was one of the largest banks in China and later in the Republic of China .
INSOR , in a Moscow-based nonprofit think tank affiliated with current president of Russia Dmitry Medvedev, who, as of July 31, 2008, heads INSOR's board of trustees .
Binjai formally Kota Binjai is an independent city in the North Sumatra province of Indonesia, and is bordered by Deli Serdang Regency to the east and Langkat Regency to the west .
Edessa , known as ""city of waters"", is a city in northern Greece and the capital of the Pella regional unit, in the Central Macedonia region of Greece .
Carchemish [1]; the original form of the modern toponym seems to have been Djerabis, likely derived from Europos, the ancient name of the Hellenistic-Roman settlement .
The Ohio News Network is a radio service and former television and radio news network in the U .
Phadia develops, manufactures and markets blood test systems to support the clinical diagnosis and monitoring of allergy, asthma and autoimmune diseases .
Sir Giles Gilbert Scott, OM was an English architect known for his work on such structures as Liverpool Cathedral, Waterloo Bridge and Battersea Power Station and designing the iconic red telephone box .
La comunidad the community is a global advertising agency with offices in Miami and Buenos Aires .
Kores is a leading international brand of school and office products best known for solid glue sticks, Kolores colored pencils and Scooter dry correction .
Angelo ""Anġlu"" Farrugia is a Maltese politician who is currently the Speaker of the House of Representatives of Malta .
In the interests of the communities in the Chablais region, at the eastern end of Lake Geneva, it was decided in 1999, to bring together passenger transport companies, to co-ordinate and develop services and investment in transport in the area .
Charles Clinton Campbell is an American ADR Director, Recording engineer, and voice actor for ADV Films Okatron 5000 .
The Wikio Group is a group of online startup enterprises in the field of social media marketing .
Panjshir is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan, located in the northeastern part of the country .
The Kingdom of Baguirmi, also known as the Baguirmi Sultanate , Islam was adopted, and the state became a sultanate, using judicial and administrative procedures .
The Colony of the Queen Charlotte Islands was a British colony constituting the archipelago of the same name from 1853 to July 1863, when it was amalgamated into the Colony of British Columbia .
The American Home Furnishings Alliance is a division of the AHFA, as well as the Specialized Furniture Carriers .
Bontang is a city on the eastern coast of the island of Borneo in Indonesia, in the province of East Kalimantan .
Robert Garside , calling himself The Runningman, is a British runner who is credited by Guinness World Records as the first person to run around the world .
The Territory of Alaska or Alaska Territory was an organized incorporated territory of the United States that existed from August 24, 1912, until January 3, 1959, when it was admitted to the Union as the State of Alaska .
Skyscraper Brewing Company is a brewery established in 2007 in Los Angeles County in the City of Industry, California, USA,Skyscraper packaged beers are distributed in the San Diego to Paso Robles area, and draught beers in the Los Angeles area .
Acaya is a small village, a community frazione of Vernole, in the province of Lecce and region of Apulia, in southern Italy .
The Duchy of Spoleto was a Lombard territory founded about 570 in central Italy by the Lombard dux Faroald .
Rokugan is the fictional empire which is the main power in the Legend of the Five Rings setting, the basis for the Legend of the Five Rings Collectible Card Game, Legend of the Five Rings Role-Playing Game, the board game Art of War and the now out of print Clan War Miniatures game, all from Alderac Entertainment Group .
Nueva Extremadura could refer to a region in the north of New Spain, in present day Texas, the United States of America, and northern Mexico .
Browne Jacobson LLP is a national law firm with offices in Birmingham, Exeter, London, Manchester and Nottingham .
Yojiro ""Yoji"" Harada is a Japanese tattoo artist and musician who gained fame from his appearances in the TLC reality show Miami Ink .
Lubuk Basung is a town or Sub-district in Agam Regency, of West Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Agam Regency .
GameCrush is a website where gamers meet, match and play a variety of video games including console, flash-based casual, and PC based .
Not to be confused with rock singer Steve MillerSteven Robert Millar , as well as Ben Harper .
Wessex Trains was a train operating company in the United Kingdom owned by National Express that operated the Wessex Trains franchise from October 2001 until March 2006, when the franchise was merged with the Great Western and Thames Valley franchises to form the Greater Western franchise .
Tell Halaf is an archaeological site in the Al Hasakah governorate of northeastern Syria, near the Turkish border, just opposite Ceylanpınar .
Gestalten is a publisher and creative agency mostly known for their 450 books on art, architecture, design, photography and typography .
The Northern March or North March and was part of the territorial organisation of areas conquered from the Wends .
Stone Mountain is a quartz monzonite dome monadnock and the site of Stone Mountain Park in Stone Mountain, Georgia, United States .
Agallah , born Angel Aguilar, February 17, 1974, is an American rapper who was a member of the The Diplomats-affiliated group Purple City and the group Propain campaign .
Rundu is the capital of the Kavango-East Region, northern Namibia, on the border with Angola on the banks of the Kavango River about 1000 m above sea level .
Chang Chen-yue, also known as A-Yue，and by his Amis name Ayal Komod , directed by Wan Jen, was shown at the Venice Film Festival .
Plug Power designs and manufactures fuel cell systems that replace conventional batteries in equipment powered by electricity .
The Tuvan Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic , or the Tuvan ASSR, was an autonomous republic of the Soviet Union .
Bobbie Jean Brown , sometimes credited as Bobbie Brown-Lane, is an American actress, model and former beauty pageant contestant .
The Donation of Sutri was an agreement reached at Sutri by Liutprand, King of the Lombards and Pope Gregory II in 728 .
Belmopan inland from the former capital, the port of Belize City, after that city's near destruction by Hurricane Hattie in 1961 .
Golder Associates is an employee-owned, global company providing consulting, design, and construction services in earth, environment, and related areas of energy .
Jackrabbit Design is a Boston-based, strategic graphic design firm which was founded in 1999 by business partners, David Belyea and Sharon Mulcahy .
Founded in 1946, Magnetic AutoControl became a well established and leading international provider for vehicle access control and pedestrian access control products for high profile locations around the world .
Assab or Aseb is a port city in the Southern Red Sea Region of Eritrea .
Lite Shipping Corporation, Danilo Lines, Sunline Shipping is a shipping line based in Cebu City, Philippines .
For cycle, motor-cycle, motor-car, aeroplane and airship companies associated with French industrialist Adolphe Clément-Bayard - see Clement rear-mounted engine with automatic inlet valve and hot-tube ignition, driving through a constant-mesh gear-train, and final drive by side chains and early models had no reverse gear .
Tania Maria is a Brazilian artist, singer, composer, bandleader and piano player, singing mostly in Portuguese or English .
Akira Iida is a Japanese racing driver in the Super GT series, since 2002 affiliated with Toyota and Lexus .
Iron Road Railways Incorporated was a railroad holding company which owned several short line railroads in the U .
Fairtrade Canada, formerly TransFair Canada, is a national non-profit certification and public education organization promoting Fairtrade certified products in Canada to improve the livelihood of developing world farmers and workers .
Shapur is a town in Vanthali taluk in Junagadh district in the Indian state of Gujarat .
Busabout Wagga Wagga is an Australian private bus company formed in 1916 as Fearnes Coaches, with depots in Wagga Wagga and Harden, New South Wales .
Bit-Phalanx is a Netlabel based in London, which started as an artists and events management for unsigned performing and recording artists within the Electronic music genre in 2006 .
Ibagué , National Pageant Folklore festivities, its countless monuments referring to music, and culture, Ibagué officially earned the title ""Musical Capital of Colombia"" .
The United Colonies of New England, commonly known as the New England Confederation, was a short-lived military alliance of the English colonies of Massachusetts Bay, Plymouth, Connecticut, and New Haven .
Xfinity Live! Philadelphia is a dining and entertainment complex located on the former site of the Spectrum in the South Philadelphia Sports Complex .
Nancy Lam is a celebrity chef famous for her Oriental food and television appearances .
The Great Lakes region of North America is a bi-national, Canadian-American region that includes the eight U .
Brazzaville is the capital and largest city of the Republic of the Congo and is located on the Congo River .
Korea Electric Power Corporation, better known as KEPCO, is the largest electric utility in South Korea,responsible for the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity and the development of electric power projects including those in nuclear power, wind power and coal .
Bruce Crump was the original drummer with the rock band Molly Hatchet from 1976-1983 and 1984-1991 .
Kenneth ""Ken"" Kalczynski or Ken Kal is an American sports announcer and reporter for WXYT AM 1270 in Detroit, as well as the radio play-by-play commentator for the Detroit Red Wings of the NHL for the past 16 seasons .
Anthony James ""Tony"" Lucca of the American reality television singing competition talent show, The Voice, broadcast on NBC .
Pedernales is the southernmost province of the Dominican Republic, including the offshore island of Isla Beata .
Herman Ngoudjo is a Cameroonian-Canadian Professional boxer and former Olympic boxer, losing his opening round match against Talaybek Kadyraliev in the 54kg weight class at 2000 Summer Olympics .
Ben Foster is a Bafta award-winning British composer, best known for his work on the BBC series Torchwood, and as orchestrator for Murray Gold on Doctor Who, and for Marc Streitenfeld on Prometheus and The Grey .
Jaime Andrés Valdés Zapata is a Chilean footballer that currently plays for Primera División club Colo-Colo .
Minati Sen - Member, Committee on Empowerment of Women- Member, Committee on Water Resources- Member, Cosultative Committee on Social Justice and Empowerment16 August 2006 onwardsMember, Committee on Empowerment of Women16 August 2006 onwardsMember, Committee on Empowerment of Women Social And Cultural Activities : Since college days, actively participated in various cultural activities, such as theatre, debate and other co-curricular activities; organised blood donation camps, rehabilitation programmes and rendered all kinds of support to the socially and economically deprived women through ""Ganatantrik Mahila Samiti"" .
Michael Wagener is a music producer, mixer, and engineer from Hamburg, Germany, best known for his work with many top hard rock and heavy metal bands in the late 1980s .
Venezuela per capita GDP fell to the same level as 1963, down a third from its 1978 peak .
Den norske Eterfabrikk is a pharmaceutical/chemical company developing, manufacturing and marketing prescription drugs, OTC, cosmetics and chemicals .
Tele-Ressources Staffing Services Ltd is an employment agency established by Johanne Berry in 1985 and headquartered in Montreal, Quebec .
Cook Out is a fast food privately owned restaurant chain in Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia .
Kisaran is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Asahan Regency .
The State of Burma was created in 1943 during the Japanese occupation of Burma .
Xinjiang , but its other international borders are with Mongolia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Afghanistan, Pakistan and India .
VyStar Credit Union, based in Jacksonville, FL, is one of the largest credit unions in the nation, serving more than 464,000 members worldwide .
The Lanfang Republic in 1777, until it was ended by Dutch occupation in 1884 .
Brian Sherratt OBE JP FIMgt FRSA is a political science researcher with a particular interest in Whitehall bureaucracy and the role of the permanent secretary .
The Kabardino-Balkar Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic was an autonomous republic of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic, in the former Soviet Union, and was originally a part of the Mountain Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic .
Tommy Naughton is the former manager of the Dublin Senior Hurling team and the former Under 21 hurling manager for Dublin .
TelVue Corporation is a digital media company that develops broadcast solutions for multiple platforms including television, over-the-top content, Internet streaming, and mobile devices .
Afriland First Bank is a full-service bank in Cameroon, with subsidiaries in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Guinea, Liberia, South Sudan, São Tomé and Príncipe and Zambia .
Standby Records is an independent rock/metal label originally from Cleveland, Ohio, that has propelled the careers of several notable artists including Emarosa, Before Their Eyes, and most recently Black Veil Brides .
Blue Jacket or Weyapiersenwah was a war chief of the Shawnee people, known for his militant defense of Shawnee lands in the Ohio Country .
Miss Selfridge is a nationwide UK high street store which began as the young fashion section of Selfridges department store in London in 1966 .
The so-called Tiberina Republic was a revolutionary municipality proclaimed on 4 February 1798, when republicans took power in the city of Perugia .
Poulan is a brand name of the Swedish manufacturer Husqvarna AB, once a component of the Swedish conglomerate Electrolux .
The Treaty of Canandaigua is a treaty signed after the American Revolutionary War between the Grand Council of the Six Nations and President George Washington representing the United States of America .
Fabindia is an Indian chain store retailing garments, furnishings, fabrics and ethnic products handmade by craftspeople across rural India .
Warsaw , and possesses various universities, most notably the Polish Academy of Sciences and the Warsaw University, an opera house, theatres, museums, libraries and monuments .
Caleb Quaye , is an English Afro-European rock guitarist and studio musician best known for his work in the 1960s and 1970s with Elton John, Mick Jagger, Pete Townshend, Paul McCartney and Hall & Oates .
Intermark Automotive, headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama, is an automotive advertising agency, and a subsidiary division of Intermark Group, Inc .
Ángel Sánchez Martín, known as simply Ángel , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for AD Alcorcón as a left back .
The Central Queensland Territorial Separation League was formed in Rockhampton in 1889 with the aim of agitating for separation of the Central Queensland region from the in the hands of the parent colony or state, with no avenue for referral to the British Government .
Sovana is a small town in southern Tuscany, Italy,next to Sorano, in the county of Grosseto .
The Anziku Kingdom, also called the Teke Kingdom, the Tyo Kingdom or Tio Kingdom, was a pre-colonial West Central African state of modern Republic of Congo .
The Provisional Government of Albania is the first Government of Albania created by the Assembly of Vlorë on 4 December 1912 .
WTAS LLC, founded in 2002 by 23 former public accounting firm partners, is one of the largest independent tax firms in the United States, providing a wide range of tax, valuation, financial advisory and related consulting services to individual and corporate clients across the country .
Toktumi is a telecommunications company founded in San Francisco in 2008 by Peter Sisson .
Tyler Patrick Jones is an American actor known for his recurring role as Ned Banks on the CBS television show Ghost Whisperer .
ICS Marketing Services is a marketing support company based in Lansing, Michigan serving small and large businesses by providing list strategies, lead generation, analytics, and email marketing .
The Türks or the Kök Türks and his sons, succeeded the Rouran as the main power in the region and established the Turkic Khaganate, one of several nomadic dynasties which would shape the future geolocation, culture, and dominant beliefs of Turkic peoples .
Timothy Chambers is a philosopher who has written a number of articles which have appeared in the journals Mind .
Kyknos is the oldest Greek canning company, founded in 1911 and is based in Ilia, Greece .
Shanghai Film Studio is the film division of the Shanghai Film Group Corporation in Shanghai, China .
Jackson Electric Membership Corporation is one of 39 not for profit membership-owned electric cooperatives located in the U .
Futurex LP, commonly referred to as Futurex, is a privately held Texas-based information technology company specialized in cryptography .
Triple Point Technology is an American software company dealing in multi-market commodity and enterprise risk management .
Mitsuki Koga born January 16, 1975, is a Japanese actor who is known to be featured in films that involve much martial arts .
The Republic of Zambia is a landlocked country in Southern Africa, neighbouring the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the north, Tanzania to the north-east, Malawi to the east, Mozambique, Zimbabwe, Botswana and Namibia to the south, and Angola to the west .
Cedarlane is a Canadian private corporation headquartered in Burlington, Ontario, Canada, that manufactures and distributes life science research products .
Mese is a town in the Kayah State of eastern part of Burma .
Jay Bunyan , better known by his stage name Jay Ryan, is a New Zealand actor .
Victor , 2005 Lake George Open, New York,US, 2006 category 10 Spring Invitational in Schaumburg, Illinois, US, with 7 .
After World War I, an Arab Republic, Al-Jumhuriya al-Trabulsiya الجمهورية الطرابلسية , or ""Tripolitanian Republic"", declared the independence of Tripolitania from Italian Libya .
West Germany were reconstituted along with the reunited Berlin, which ended its special status and formed an additional Land .
The Agaie Emirate was a state created by Malam Baba, a Fulani warrior who conquered the Nupe people of the area in 1822 .
SoloPower is a solar energy company developing and manufacturing Copper indium gallium selenide of its flexible CIGS solar panels, again an industry first .
Kimberly Osorio is an American Hip hop music journalist, writer, author, TV personality and media executive, who holds a Juris Doctorate from New York Law School and a Bachelor of Arts from Fordham University .
Leonard ""Lenny"" Lipton have become known as classics in the world of independent filmmaking .
Mark Chadbourn is an English fantasy, science fiction, historical fiction, and horror author with more than a dozen novels .
Jerry Schmidt is the strength and conditioning coach for the University of Oklahoma Sooners' football team .
Communications in Indonesia has a complex history due to the need to reach an extended archipelago of over 17,500 islands .
Alexandros Tziolis is a Greek professional footballer who plays for PAOK FC and the Greek national team as a defensive midfielder .
Beximco Pharmaceuticals Ltd , also known as Beximco Pharma, is a pharmaceutical company in Bangladesh .
The Yemen Arab Republic , was a country from 1962 to 1990 in the northwestern part of what is now Yemen .
Interactive art is a form of art that involves the spectator in a way that allows the art to achieve its purpose .
The Duchy and later Principality of Benevento was the southernmost Lombard duchy in medieval Italy, centred on Benevento, a city central in the Mezzogiorno .
Chime Communications plc is a marketing services company headquartered in London, United Kingdom and listed on the London Stock Exchange .
Milka Duno is a Venezuelan race car driver who competed in the IndyCar Series, and competes in the ARCA Racing Series .
Boston Express is a subsidiary bus company of Concord Coach Lines that operates in New Hampshire and Boston .
April Records is a Danish record label specialized on Scandinavian electronica music: from ambient to techno and trip hop .
August Wilhelm Zumpt brought him into conflict with Theodor Mommsen in connexion with the preparation of the Corpus Inscriptionum Latinarum, a scheme for which, drawn up by Mommsen, was approved in 1847 .
Paul Mausner was a French fashion designer whose ""Paul Mausner"" brand of clothing is still sold today .
Tiris al-Gharbiyya was the name for the area of Western Sahara under Mauritanian control between 1975 and 1979 .
The March of Treviso became merged with that of Treviso and the Trevisan denomination preferred .
La Rioja is one of the provinces of Argentina and is located in the west of the country .
Backstage Production is a pan-Arab artist management company based in the Middle East and controlled by CEO Khodr Alama .
Lefabian Williams named D4L with the likes of industry greats Eminem, Lil Wayne, and Timbaland as one of The 10 Major Influences on Today's Rap Sound .
Sinaloa , and includes the Islands of Palmito Verde, Palmito de la Virgen, Altamura, Santa María, Saliaca, Macapule and San Ignacio .
Mary Brown Bullock was the seventh president of Agnes Scott College in Decatur, GA from 1995 to August 1, 2006 .
Companhia Antarctica Paulista was originally a Brazilian beer brewing company producing the Antarctica beer, that later started to produce sodas such as the Guaraná Antarctica .
The Transcaucasian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic , also known as the Transcaucasian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic, the Transcaucasian Federation, the Transcaucasian SFSR and the TSFSR, was a constituent republic of the Soviet Union that existed from 1922 to 1936 .
Peter Lik is a photographer from Australia, best known for his nature and panoramic landscape images .
Tuaiwa Hautai ""Eva"" Rickard rose to prominence as an activist for Māori land rights and for women’s rights within Māoridom .
Alena Buffon is a Czech model and actress currently living and working in Italy .
The Lordship of Berat , written in 1515 after he abandoned Albania and went to Italy, records many interesting facts about the Muzakaj family and the Principality of Berat, although at places unreliable .
Not to be confused with Ranpur StateRampur State was a 15 gun-salute princely state of British India .
Moosylvania is a fictional island and micronation located in the Lake of the Woods along the Canada – United States border that served as a plot device in The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show .
The ARY Group is a Dubai-based holding company founded by a Pakistani businessman, Haji Abdul Razzak Yaqoob .
Dunlop Standard Aerospace Group Ltd was formed in 1998 from the assets of BTR Aerospace Group when they were purchased by Doughty Hanson & Co .
Userful Corporation is a Canadian software company that specializes in desktop virtualization, supporting centrally-managed desktops, touch screens and video walls with a focus on simple, cross platform and low cost VDI solutions for education, public computing, SMBs and digital signage .
Data Explorers is a privately owned financial data and software company headquartered in London, UK with offices in New York, US, Edinburgh and Hong Kong .
The following is a list of Indian states and union territories with a significant proportion of the population in these states speaking Bengali .
The Cisrhenian Republic was a French client republic created on 28 August 1797 on the western bank of the Rhine river, under French domination .
Sedo is a domain name and website marketplace and domain parking provider based in Cambridge, Massachusetts and Cologne, Germany .
Neutral Moresnet was a small Belgian-Prussian condominium that existed from 1816 to 1920 between present-day Belgium and Germany .
Supabarn is a supermarket chain based in Canberra with shops across the Australian Capital Territory and New South Wales in Australia with its head office located in Braddon, Canberra .
Willard Earl Pugh and Henry Minor Pugh and he graduated from Hamilton High School .
We Buy Any Car Limited is a used car purchaser headquartered in Middleton, Greater Manchester, United Kingdom .
Julia DeVillers is an American writer of books including How My Private, Personal Journal Became A Bestseller .
San Cristóbal is a province in the southern Dominican Republic, west of the capital Santo Domingo .
Kakata, Kak-ah-tah, is the capital city of Liberia's Margibi County and is located in Kakata District just over the Du River bridge which is its border with Todee District .
Hpakant , is a town in Hpakant Township, Kachin State of the northernmost part of the Union of Myanmar .
Resistencia is the capital and largest city in the province of Chaco, in northeastern Argentina .
Vulgaria is a fictional European barony visited by the Potts family and Truly Scrumptious in their flying car, in the 1968 children's film Chitty Chitty Bang Bang and the 2002 stage adaptation .
For other uses, see Internet identityInternet Identity, or IID, is a privately held Internet security company based in Tacoma, Washington, USA .
Solyndra was a manufacturer of cylindrical panels of copper indium gallium selenide thin-film solar cells based in Fremont, California .
HealthBridge is a not-for-profit corporation located in Cincinnati, Ohio that supports health information technology organizations or RHIOs according to the eHealth Initiative's Value and Sustainability Model and the Center for Studying Health System Change .
Imaginatik plc is a full service innovation company, providing Consulting and a software as a service platform for managing large-scale innovations at enterprise organisations .
eleveneleven is a record label founded in 2010 by Mike Hamlin, Ellen DeGeneres and her production company, A Very Good Production, in association with longtime affiliate Warner Bros .
Tanjung Pandan is the largest town on the island Belitung in the Indonesian province of Bangka-Belitung, Indonesia .
Sinabang of the Simeulue Regency, in Aceh Province of Indonesia and has a population of approximately 20,000 .
Lower Burgundy was a historical kingdom in what is now southeastern France, so-called because it was lower down the Rhone Valley than Upper Burgundy .
Stockholm is the capital of Sweden and the most populous city in the Nordic region, with 909,976 people living in the municipality, approximately 1 .
Nepal and despite several challenges, Nepal has been making steady progress and the Government of Nepal has made a commitment to help the nation to graduate from the least developed country status by 2022 .
Lewiston is a city in north central Idaho and the county seat of Nez Perce County .
The Kushner-Locke Company is an American independent motion picture/television founded in 1983 by Donald Kushner and Peter Locke .
Ambreen Butt is a Boston based Pakistani American artist best known for her drawings, paintings, prints, and collages .
Seattle Repertory Theatre is a major regional theatre located in Seattle, Washington, at the Seattle Center .
The Great Western Railway routes, was a part of the Railway Air Services, and owned ships, docks and hotels .
In Greek mythology, Phytalus was a hero and king of Attica who gave Demeter hospitality when she was searching for her daughter, Persephone .
Dahomey was a French colony of and a part of French West Africafrom 1904 to 1958 .
Bridget Dwyer is an American professional golfer, best known for her appearance on The Big Break, the Golf Channel's reality television series .
Bunnpris is a Norwegian retail chain with 216 grocery stores in 2011 in Norway, primarily in Sør-Trøndelag, Møre og Romsdal and Oslo, but also many in Northern Norway .
The Republic of Afghanistan was the name of the first Afghan republic, created in 1973 after Mohammed Daoud Khan deposed his cousin, King Mohammad Zahir Shah, in a non-violent coup .
Shaanxi Yanchang Petroleum Group is a Chinese conglomerate mainly engaged in the exploration, production, transportation, and sale of petroleum and natural gas, and in addition the production and sales of petrochemical products .
Wescorp Energy is a Canadian company which provides technology for separating water from oil which it claims is significantly more effective than previous technologies .
Brandi Love is an American adult model and pornographic actress, as well as the co-owner and Chief Financial Officer of No Rivals Media, a multimedia adult-entertainment company .
Ludia is a Canadian video game developer and publisher based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada that specializes in games based on board games and game shows for Facebook, iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch, Android, Nintendo DS, PC, Mac, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and Wii .
Gaysorn Shopping Centre is a shopping mall located on the Ratchaprasong shopping district, in Bangkok, Thailand .
YObykes or YO Bykes are a range of Electric Scooters, manufactured by the Automotive Division of Electrotherm Limited in India .
Brittany Binger is an American model and television personality who was Playboy's Playmate of the Month for June 2007 .
Adify provides a number of online advertising-related products and services to website owners, ad network operators, advertisers and agencies .
Jagoldai in today Kursk Oblast and Belgorod Oblast of Russia as well as the Sloboda Ukraine, vassal of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania in 15th-16th century .
Trailways of New York, operating under four brands including Adirondack Trailways, Pine Hill Trailways, New York Trailways and NeOn Bus, is one of the largest privately held transportation companies based in New York State .
Taungoo is a city in the Bago Region of Myanmar, 220 km from Yangon, towards the northeastern end of the division, with mountain ranges to the east and west .
The CG Railway train ferry between the Port of Mobile at Mobile, Alabama, and the Port of Coatzacoalcos in Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz .
Thai Tap Water Supply Public Company Limited , the company's subsidiary, is doing the same business in Pathum Thani province .
The Treaty of Fort Adams was signed on December 17, 1801 between the Choctaw of Choctaw land .
The march of Turin or marca Arduinica was a political entity with existed in medieval Italy from the mid tenth century .
Erik Jörgen Carl Ullenhag is a Swedish politician who has been Leader of the Liberal People's Party in the Swedish Riksdag since 3 October 2014 .
The Kingdom of Fergana describes a former state which existed probably between the 3rd century BC and 6th century AD in what is now Uzbekistan .
Lord Anthony was a brand of clothing particularly popular in the UK during the 1970s and 1980s .
Matthew Thomas Spiranovic player who plays for Western Sydney Wanderers and the Australian national team .
The Moldavian Soviet Socialist Republic , commonly abbreviated as the Moldavian SSR or MSSR, was one of the fifteen republics of the Soviet Union .
The Young Scientists of Australia is a national non-profit organisation dedicated to the promotion of science in Australia to the 14- to 25-year-old demographic .
Karen Kingsbury , was based on a murder story that she covered in Los Angeles .
Olivia Sonya Cheng is a Canadian actress, broadcast journalist, and former correspondent for Entertainment Tonight Canada .
Ludmilla Radchenko is a Russian model, artist and actress, best known in Italy and Anglo-Saxon countries .
The Black Hawk War was a brief 1832 conflict between the United States and Native Americans led by Black Hawk, a Sauk leader .
Bob Crampton is a British weather presenter employed by ITV West Country and best known for forecasting the weather on ITV News in the South West regions .
Saucy Films, formerly known as WAD Productions, is an independent video production group based in Murfreesboro, Tennessee that mainly focuses on creating short films and movie parodies, but also focuses on other media, such as online comics .
Crescent Records was an American independent record label that produced jazz recordings from 1944 to 1946 .
WaterTower Theatre, formed in 1996, is the resident theatre company of the Addison Theatre Centre, Addison, Texas, in the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex .
Egon is the name of a fictional country in Lionel Davidson's children's novel Under Plum Lake .
Douglas Sirk was a German film director best known for his work in Hollywood melodramas in the 1950s .
BlueBay Asset Management LLP is one of Europe’s largest managers of fixed income credit and alternative investment strategies .
Jonathan Wilson is an American musician and producer who was born in Forest City, North Carolina in 1974 .
Rondônia is a state in Brazil, located in the north-western part of the country .
Noel Van Horn is a comics artist and writer born in the United States and living in Canada .
Michigan is a state in the Great Lakes region of the Midwestern United States .
Sneaky Pete's is a Birmingham, Alabama-based chain of hot-dog restaurants founded by Pete Graphos in 1966 and sold to the present-owner Bernard D'Amico in 1986 .
About this sound Pierre Franckh is a German television actor, director and writer .
Anke Kühne née Kühn is a female field hockey player from Germany, who played for the Germany women's national field hockey team .
Andorra la Vella , it is the highest capital city in Europe and a popular ski resort .
Bryan Dean Cutler is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 100th legislative district .
Three Olives Vodka is a brand of vodka produced and distilled in the United Kingdom and imported to the United States by Proximo Spirits .
Établissements Jean-Pierre Moueix, or JP Moueix, is a Bordeaux négociant house founded byJean-Pierre Moueix in 1937, situated on the Quai du Priourat in Libourne, in the Bordeaux wine region of France .
Tower Hamlets Summer University is a British charity in the Tower Hamlets area of London which offers independent learning programs for people from 11 to 25 years of age .
DMA Distribuidora is the seventh largest supermarket chain in Brazil, both in number of stores and value of sales, and are the largest Brazilian grocery store chain without foreign participation in their capital .
Tegnestuen Vandkunsten a/s, often referred to simply as Vandkunsten, is a Danish architectural firm founded in 1970 .
Lower Aulaqi , was a state in the Aden Protectorate, the Federation of Arab Emirates of the South, and its successor, the Federation of South Arabia .
Solomon Islands is a sovereign country consisting of a large number of islands in Oceania lying to the east of Papua New Guinea and northwest of Vanuatu and covering a land area of 28,400 square kilometres saw fierce fighting between the United States and the Empire of Japan, such as in the Battle of Guadalcanal .
Strophius is also a spider genus and by her father of Pylades and Astydameia .
Inspired by traveling carnivals of the 1930s, Carnivàle Lune Bleue is a live entertainment event created in Ottawa, Canada by Executive Producer and Founder Wayne Van De Graaff .
The Canadian Institute for Health Information is an independent, not-for-profit corporation that aims to contribute to the improvement of the health of Canadians and the health care system by disseminating quality health information .
Standard Chartered Uganda, whose official name is Standard Chartered Bank Limited, but is often referred to as Stanchart Uganda, is a commercial bank in Uganda .
Emery, Bird, Thayer & Company was a department store in Downtown Kansas City that traced its history nearly to the city's origins as Westport Landing .
Bubba Hernandez and Alex Meixner were nominated in the Best Polka album category in the 50th Annual Grammy Awards for their self-titled debut album, Polka Freak Out .
Behnaz Sarafpour is a New York City-based designer who introduced a line of women's apparel bearing her name in 2001 .
The Jefferson Davis Highway was a planned transcontinental highway in the United States in the 1910s and 1920s that began in Washington, D .
The North Carolina Structured Sentencing Act was adopted and implemented in order to give the judge a specific set of standards to follow when sentencing a person .
Digga is an Australian brand of Machinery Attachments to suit Heavy equipment , Tractors and Mini Machines .
Gerad Dhidhin , also known as Gerad Abdulahi, was the founder of the Warsangali Sultanate in the late 13th century in the territory of present-day northern Somalia .
Amanita Design is an independent Czech video game developing company that was founded in 2003 by Jakub Dvorský .
Gerry McEntee was the manager of the 2008 Dublin minor football team and is a retired inter-county Irish Gaelic footballer for County Meath in Ireland .
The New Zealand Companies Office is a government agency that provides business registry services in relation to corporate entities, personal property and capital market securities .
JTG Daugherty Racing is a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series team owned by former advertising executive Tad Geschickter and his wife Jodi, along with current ESPN analyst Brad Daugherty .
Erin Elise Good is a beauty queen from Fairfield, Maine who competed in the Miss USA pageant in 2007 .
Servus Credit Union is a member-owned, community-based financial institution based in Edmonton, Alberta, and is the third largest credit union in Canada and the largest credit union in Alberta .
The Borno Emirate or Borno Sultanate is a traditional Nigerian state formed at the start of the 20th century .
The Pennsylvania Company was a major holding company, owning and operating much of the Lines West territory , another line to Chicago .
Aqueduct Press is a publisher based in Seattle, Washington, United States which publishes material which features a feminist viewpoint .
Sebastián Enrique Domínguez is an Argentine football centre back who plays for Vélez Sársfield in the Argentine Primera División .
Part of the Brake Bros of companies M&J Seafood is a fresh and frozen seafood wholesaler based in Aylesbury in the United Kingdom .
Óscar Javier González Marcos , known as simply Óscar, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Valladolid as an attacking midfielder .
The Studio Smart Agent Technologies is part of theResearch Studios Austria ForschungsgesmbH, a non-profit research organization .
Naya Waters manufactures, under the name Naya, bottled natural spring water, drawn from a spring in the Laurentian Mountains .
The Bavarian Soviet Republic, also known as the Munich Soviet Republic was as part of the German Revolution of 1918–1919, the short-lived attempt to establish a socialist state in the form of a democratic workers' council republic in the Free State of Bavaria .
Sunbus is the principal bus operator in Cairns, Queensland operating services under the QConnect scheme in Regional Queensland .
The Allied powers who defeated Nazi Germany in World War II asserted governmental authority over all territory of the German Reich which lay west of the Oder–Neisse line, having formally abolished the German government of Adolf Hitler .
Indaba Music is a web-based company that provides a music collaboration environment for musicians: ""a place to build a profile, promote their tunes and collaborate with other musicians"" as well as enter opportunities like remixing and songwriting contests with popular artists .
Sam Enthoven is a children's author who was born in 1974 and lives in North London .
Linda Clifford is an American R&B, disco and house music singer and actress, who scored hits from the 1970s to the 1980s, most notably ""If My Friends Could See Me Now"", ""Bridge over Troubled Water"", ""Runaway Love"" and ""Red Light"" .
Jim Calafiore is an American comic book penciller and inker, known for his work on Marvel Comics Exiles, and DC Comics' Aquaman .
Expro is an international oil and gas service company, specializing in well flow management, headquartered in Reading, United Kingdom .
Don David Guttenplan is the London correspondent for The Nation and author of The Holocaust on Trial, a book about the Irving v Penguin Books and Lipstadt libel case .
Sendra is a software application currently owned by Weatherford Petroleum Consultants, intended to analyze individual Special Core Analysis experiments .
Bentheim-Bentheim was a county in southeastern Lower Saxony, Germany, the borders of which by 1806 were the modern borders of the District of Bentheim .
Saint John de Brito was a Portuguese Jesuit missionary and martyr, often called ""the Portuguese St .
Jay Anthony Franke is an actor and voice actor, best known for voicing JC Denton and Paul Denton from the video game Deus Ex .
Organizacion Corona was founded in 1881, making it one of the oldest business entities in Colombia .
Eastman Kodak Company, commonly known as Kodak, is an American technology company focused on imaging solutions and services for businesses .
Proximus Mobility, LLC is a software-as-a-service company that has developed a proximity marketing service for retailers, malls and venues to deliver content to mobile devices via Bluetooth and Wi-Fi within 200–900 feet of the point of purchase .
Sweden has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 54 times since making its debut in 1958, being absent a total of five times, in 1956, 1957, 1964, 1970 and in 1976 .
Hogg Robinson Group is an international corporate services organisation with headquarters in the UK .
The Republic of Maryland was a small African American nation which existed from 1854 to 1857, when it was merged into what is now Liberia .
SuperTooth headquartered in Nebias, France, is a manufacturer of Bluetooth speakerphones owning its own factory and handling R&D, design, moulding, production, and packaging in-house .
Red Records is an Italian jazz record label founded in 1976 by Sergio Veschi and Alberto Alberti .
MJ Designs was an arts and crafts retail store in the Dallas/Fort Worth and Washington, D .
Sanma is a province located in the Northern part of the nation of Vanuatu, occupying the nation's largest island, Espiritu Santo, which is located approximately 2,500 km northeast of Sydney, Australia .
Pauk is a town in Pauk Township, Pakokku District, Magway Region, in northwest Burma .
Daejin Kim is a South Korean pianist, an alumnus of The Juilliard School, the first prize winner of the Cleveland Competition, and currently a professor of piano at the Korea National University of Arts and the music director of the Suwon Philharmonic Orchestra .
Alejandra Gutiérrez Oraa is a Venezuelan television anchor currently working for CNN en Español in Atlanta, Georgia .
MS Mode is a Dutch fashion retailer operating over 400 stores in the Netherlands, France, Belgium, Spain, Germany and Luxembourg, founded by Max Abram .
Rob's House Records is a small, but prolific American record label based out of Atlanta, Georgia .
The Kingdom of Prussia , which has become one of the largest cultural organisations in the world .
Yoji Biomehanika, along with aliases such as YOJI, Mutant DJ, Ozaka Oz, Bionico, Biomehanika and The Arcade Nation) is a Japanese trance/hard trance DJ .
Geneice Irene Wilcher is a beauty queen from Omaha, Nebraska who competed for the Miss USA title in 2007 .
Sierra Repertory Theatre is a regional theatre company producing dramas, musicals and comedies located in Sonora, California .
Marco's Pizza, operated by Marco's Franchising, LLC, is a restaurant chain and interstate franchise based in Toledo, Ohio that specializes in Italian-American cuisine .
Sir Edwin Alfred Grenville Manton , a collector of paintings by John Constable and his contemporaries, and a generous benefactor to the arts, the church and medicine .
MCI Systemhouse, a subsidiary of Washington, DC-based MCI Communications Corporation, was the result of the merger of Canadian company SHL Systemhouse with MCI's technical services branch .
Catharine Drew Gilpin Faust is an American historian, college administrator and the President of Harvard University .
Mordechai Avida : ""Here is the Voice of Israel! Here is the Voice of Israel!"" .
Derek Ross King, better known as Ross King is a Scottish television presenter, actor and writer, best known for being LA Correspondent for ITV Breakfast programmes Lorraine and Good Morning Britain .
Ballabhgarh from Delhi, and today lies on the National Highway 2, a major portion of historical Grand Trunk Road .
uncharted audio is a London-based record label established in 2001, specialising in a broad selection of left-field music genres with a focus on electronic music .
German Samoa was a German protectorate from 1900 to 1914, consisting of the islands of Upolu, Savai'i, Apolima and Manono, now wholly within the independent state Samoa, formerly Western Samoa .
Abaris Books is a scholarly publishing house based in Norwalk, Connecticut, which produces authoritative art reference books .
Numara Software was a software company based in Tampa, Florida which made IT service and asset management software, targeted at network management and business process managers .
DEKRA is a vehicle inspection company founded in Berlin, Germany in 1925 as Deutscher Kraftfahrzeug-Überwachungs-Verein .
Sun-Maid Growers of California is a privately owned American cooperative of raisin growers headquartered in Kingsburg, California .
Ekostrovskoye Rural Community of Kemsky Uyezd of Arkhangelsk Governorate of the Russian Empire, which existed in 1861–1866 .
Sidney James was a professional footballer, who played for Huddersfield Town and Hartlepool United .
Shushinsky Uyezd of Elisabethpol Governorate of the Russian Empire, and then of Ganja Governorate of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic with its center in Shusha in 1840–1921 .
Cillian Sheridan is an Irish professional footballer who plays for APOEL in the Cypriot First Division, as a striker .
Tamara Thorne , who also writes under the nom de plume ""Chris Curry"", is an American horror writer born in Los Angeles, California .
Brian MacLaurin is a former newspaper journalist and national TV broadcaster, and one of the UK’s leading Public Relations operators, widely acknowledged as the man who introduced Sophie Rhys-Jones to Prince Edward .
Angélica Ksyvickis born on November 30, 1973 in Santo André, São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian television presenter, actress and singer who goes by the mononym Angélica .
Keith Berry is a London-based musician and composer, often working in the field of minimalist and ambient music .
Corydon is a town in the far southern part of the state of Indiana in the United States .
John Tyler Bonner is an emeritus professor, now lecturer with the rank of professor in the Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology at Princeton University .
Cappadocia was a province of the Roman Empire in Anatolia was directly appointed by the emperor .
Jason Harrod is an American guitarist and singer who writes and performs bluegrass folk competitions, including the Chris Austin Songwriting competition in 2000 .
Travis Edmonds , where he played two seasons, winning the league's best and fairest award, the Hayward Medal, in 2006 and captaining the club in 2007 .
Leonard Warren ""Len"" Webber is a Canadian politician and was a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta, representing the constituency of Calgary-Foothills from 2004 to 2014, initially as a Progressive Conservative and in his last six months in office as an independent .
San Pedro de Macorís , which relates to the traditional cattle farming of the whole region .
Osklen is a Brazilian luxury brand created by Oskar Metsavaht and now owned by Alpargatas S .
Minhla is a town and seat of Minhla Township, Tharrawaddy District, in the Bago Region of southern-central Myanmar .
Founded in Vancouver, BC in 1997, Swivel New Media is a Canadian company serving a diverse customer base across North America, from small home businesses to multi-billion dollar producers and exporters .
Robert Adrian 'Bob' Catley is a British musician, perhaps best known as the lead singer of the rock band Magnum .
Sarah Jane Cion, also known by her pen name Sally Shields, is an American jazz musician, author and pianist .
Icon Films is a British independent television production company that produces factual programmes for broadcast by networks both in the UK and US .
Adam Johnson is an American electronic musician, photographer and video artist from Minneapolis, Minnesota, currently living in Portland, Oregon .
Benin City is a city and the capital of Edo State in southern Nigeria .
The Defence Aviation Repair Agency, better known as DARA, was an executive agency of the United Kingdom Ministry of Defence, responsible for the maintenance and repair of Royal Air Force, Army and the Royal Navy's aircraft .
Ngonidzashe Kambarami, popularly known as Ngonie, is a Zimbabwean musician who has produced three albums to date, ""Ndinoimba"" .
Germany established the Reichskommissariat Ostland led by Nazi ideologist Alfred Rosenberg, but actually controlled by the Nazi official Hinrich Lohse, its appointed Reichskommissar .
Quwê – also spelled Que, Kue, Qeve, Coa, Kuê and Keveh – was a ""Neo-Hittite"" Assyrian vassal state or province at various times from the 9th century BCE to shortly after the death of Ashurbanipal around 627 BCE in the lowlands of eastern Cilicia .
Sean Michael Teague is an American voice actor and ADR script writer for Funimation and OkraTron 5000 .
SNS REAAL is a Dutch financial institution in insurance and banking which focuses on the private market and small to medium businesses and is since its nationalisation on 1 February 2013 a government-owned corporation .
Superdrug Stores PLC is a health and beauty retailer in the United Kingdom, and the second largest in the country behind Boots .
Martin Espino is a Mexican-American musician and composer of indigenous Yaqui and Tepehuano ancestry from Whittier, California .
Halma plc is a group of technology companies that makes products for hazard detection and life protection .
The Norwegian Shipping and Trade Mission was established in London in April 1940 to administer the Norwegian merchant fleet outside German-controlled areas .
BPitch Control is a German techno record label founded in 1999 in Berlin by DJ and producer Ellen Allien .
Berdichev Machine-Building Plant is a machine building enterprise in the town of Berdichev, in Zhytomyr Oblast, Ukraine .
Eldorado Recording Studios is a recording studio in Burbank, California originally established in 1954 at the corner of Hollywood and Vine as a workshop for Johnny Otis .
Q-Free ASA OSE: QFR which is headquartered in Trondheim, Norway, develops, manufactures and sells complete solutions for road infrastructure management .
Sarah Ashley Medley is a beauty queen from North Charleston, South Carolina who has competed in the Miss Teen USA and Miss USA pageants .
Centre for Cultural Renewal‏ is a non-partisan Canadian think-tank focused on the relevance of religion within society .
WE also known as WE Fashion, is originally a Dutch fashion chain which sells clothing, shoes, bags and other accessories .
Reuss-Lobenstein was a state located in the German part of the Holy Roman Empire .
Makran was an autonomous princely state in a subsidiary alliance with British India until 1947, then from 1948 a princely state of Pakistan .
Julio César ""El Pocho"" Cortés Lagos, is an Uruguayan football coach and former midfielder who participated in three World Cups with the Uruguayan national team .
Risør og Tvedestrand Bilruter is a Norwegian bus company that operates in the eastern parts of Aust-Agder on contract with the county administration of Aust-Agder .
Poe Boy Music Group is a record label and was created by Elric ""E-Class"" Prince, the label's founder and CEO, in 1999 .
Senapati fortress was built by Senapati, the grandson of Chhatrasal in 1700 AD in Kulpahar on a hill, at the western end of the city .
Interlink Computer Sciences, of Fremont, California, was a developer of hardware and software that allowed IBM mainframe computers running the MVS operating system to be connected to non-IBM networks .
Jennie Livingston is an American director best known for the 1990 documentary Paris is Burning .
Sarah X Dylan is an American Internet radio host, Internet television host, and former radio producer and talk show co-host .
Thes One, born Christopher Cesar Portugal in Torrance, California, on October 18, 1977, to an American mother and immigrant Peruvian father, is one half of hip hop duo People Under The Stairs, serving as a vocalist/MC, producer, engineer and business manager .
Khadevis Robinson is an American retired middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres .
Madeleine Mitchell is a British violinist who has performed as a soloist and chamber musician in over forty countries in a wide repertoire .
The Taurida Soviet Socialist Republic was an unsuccessful attempt to establish a Soviet republic situated in the Crimean Peninsula independent of Soviet Russia; it did not sign the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk .
Ingenic Semiconductor is a fabless semiconductor company based in Beijing, Peoples Republic of China founded in 2005 .
The Baltic University Programme is a network of about 225 universities and other institutes of higher education in the Baltic Sea region .
Shannen Rossmiller, , is an American lecturer and instructor in cyber counter-intelligence forensics and a former Montana municipal court judge who has had a controversial role as a vigilante online terrorist-hunter, and who was once part of the 7Seas group .
Debra Granik , and the Grand Jury Prize for Drama in 2010 and Prix du jury at Deauville American Film Festival 2010 for her second feature, Winter's Bone .
Nádine Hoffeldt is a South African Afrikaans singer, best known for the hit song ""Kaapse Draai"" .
Bill Lann Lee is a Chinese American civil rights lawyer who served as Assistant United States Attorney General for the Civil Rights Division for the United States Department of Justice Civil Rights Division under President Bill Clinton .
Michele Bardsley is a nationally bestselling author who writes paranormal fiction for New American Library .
Water For People, founded in 1991 by the American Water Works Association , is a nonprofit international development organization, which helps people in developing countries improve their quality of life by supporting the development of locally sustainable drinking water resources, sanitation facilities and health and hygiene education programs .
Vroom & Dreesmann is a Dutch chain of department stores founded in 1887 by Willem Vroom and Anton Dreesmann .
Angus Reid Public Opinion is the public affairs practice of Vision Critical, a software development company that creates online research tools .
Michael Agerskov, 1870–1933 was a Danish spiritualist teacher and author, best known for his book, Toward the Light, which he co-authored with his wife Johanne Agerskov .
The Center for Knowledge Societies is a design and innovation consultancy headquartered in Delhi, India with offices in Bangalore, Mumbai and Patna .
Seatwave is an online ticket marketplace for buying and selling tickets to music, sporting and cultural events .
The Free State Bottleneck was a short-lived quasi-state that existed from 10 January 1919 until 25 February 1923 .
Paphlagonia In 2011 the Argentine painter and researcher Miguel Doura presented a new theory which possibly the toponym Patagonia derives from the toponym Paflagonia .
The District of Yamoussoukro and is coterminous with the department of the same name .
TV-Anytime is a set of specifications for the controlled delivery of multimedia content to a user's digital video recorder .
Mahindra Reva Electric Vehicles Private Limited, formerly known as the Reva Electric Car Company, is an Indian company based in Bangalore, involved in designing and manufacturing of compact electric vehicles .
Sun International is a resort hotel chain and casino destination from South Africa created by Sol Kerzner, probably best known for its Sun City Resort near Rustenburg in the North West Province .
Alex Guerci is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Pergocrema .
Dornbracht, headquartered in Iserlohn, Germany, is an international manufacturer of premium bathroom and kitchen fixtures as well as accessories .
Ross McConnell is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays for Dublin and St Oliver Plunketts/Eoghan Ruadh .
James Cox was a starting quarterback for the Colorado Buffaloes football team in 2005 and 2006 .
Toy Kingdom is a large toy store chain owned and developed by the SM Group by Chinese-Filipino businessman, Henry Sy, Sr .
Western Mining Company Limited is a private company in northwest China engaged in the mining, smelting, and trading of alloy and metal minerals, including copper, lead, zinc, iron, manganese, gold, silver, and aluminum .
Vladimir Leonidovitch Levin is a Russian-born Jewish individual famed for his involvement in the attempt to fraudulently transfer USD 10 .
Jin state was an early Korean, Iron Age state which occupied some portion of the southern Korean peninsula during the 2nd and 3rd centuries BC, bordering the Korean kingdom Gojoseon to the north .
The Lurgan Mail is a tabloid weekly newspaper based in Lurgan, County Armagh in Northern Ireland .
Subaru Industrial Power Products is the brand name for products manufactured by the Industrial Products division of Fuji Heavy Industries in North America and Japan .
Lynn Candace Toler is an American lawyer and the arbitrator on the court series Divorce Court .
Lithuania has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest would be found the broadcaster announced that they would attempt to continue the country's participation .
The Uzbek Soviet Socialist Republic , also known as the Uzbek SSR, was one of the republics of the Soviet Union .
Jessica May Comolli is a beauty queen from Montpelier, Vermont who competed in the Miss USA pageant in 2007 .
The Lordship of Myllendonk was an estate of the Holy Roman Empire, located in western North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany .
Moelis & Company is a global investment bank that provides financial advisory, capital raising and asset management services to corporations, institutions and governments .
Monmouthshire , is one of thirteen historic counties of Wales and a former administrative county .
Youssef Bey Boutros Karam , was a Lebanese Maronite notable who fought in the 1860 civil war and led a rebellion in 1866-1867 against the Ottoman Empire rule in Mount Lebanon .
The Caravan of Dreams was a performing arts center located in the central business district of Fort Worth, Texas during the 1980s and 1990s .
Billy Sven Forsberg is a Swedish speedway rider who represented the Belle Vue Aces in the British Elite League before his premature retirement at the end of the 2009 following injury .
Homalin or Hommalinn manufacturing unit maintained by an Infantry Battalion of the Myanmar Army .
Bob Altena is a Dutch decathlete, whose greatest achievement was a ninth place at the 2004 World Junior Championships in Athletics .
Abici is an Italian bicycle manufacturer founded by entrepreneurs Giuseppe Marcheselli, Stefano Stelleti and Cristiano Gozzi in 2006 .
Intrepid Theatre is a not-for-profit organization in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada, that produces the annual Victoria Fringe Theatre Festival, Uno Fest: Canada’s Singular Live Theatre Event, and a year-round series of international theatre presentations and premieres for local independent theatre companies .
Bharat Bhari Udyog Nigam is a Holding Company comprising five Eastern India based engineering companies under its umbrella as its wholly owned subsidiary units .
Katrina May Shanks is a New Zealand politician who was a list member of parliament for the National Party from 2007 to 2014 .
Merauke is a city considered to be one of the easternmost cities in Indonesia, located in Merauke Regency, Papua province, Indonesia .
Saxe-Hildburghausen was an Ernestine duchy in the southern side of the present State of Thuringia in Germany .
Imagistic is a business technology consulting and Internet software development company located in Westlake Village, California .
The Crimean Peninsula , also known simply as Crimea on the northern coast of the Black Sea is located south of the Ukrainian region of Kherson and west of the Russian region of Kuban .
The Roman province of Africa Proconsularis was established after the Romans defeated Carthage in the Third Punic War .
The Clearing Corporation public clearing facility that will be linked to DTCC's Trade Information Warehouse .
Udalguri district is one of the 27 districts of Assam state in north-eastern India .
Mat Maitland is an English art director and visual artist who lives in London .
MyScript is a software editor, headquartered in Nantes, France, that provides online handwriting recognition-based applications and software development kits , education, automotive and mobility .
Lazica was established in this kingdom, and as in neighboring Iberia Christianity was declared as an official religion in AD 319 .
Marga Gomez is a Puerto Rican performer of numerous theater pieces: Los Big Names, A Line Around The Block, Memory Tricks, Marga Gomez is Pretty, Witty & Gay jaywalker, The Twelve Days of Cochina Marga Gomez’s Intimate Details ""Long Island Iced Latina"" ""Not Getting Any Younger""Her seventh solo performance, Los Big Names, was presented by Woolly Mammoth Theatre at the Kennedy Center in Washington DC in 2004 and opened Off Broadway at the 47th Street Theater in April 2006 receiving nominations for the Drama Desk Award and New York Outer Critics Circle Award .
Tracey Spicer is an Australian news reader and journalist, she runs media company Spicercommunications .
Spectrum Industries is a small business based in Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin that designs and manufactures furniture for learning environments .
Cellius , located in Shibuya, Tokyo, is a computer game developer founded in 2007 as a venture between Sony and Bandai Namco Holdings .
Tummy Touch Records is an international record label with offices in London, UK and New York City, USA best known for releasing quirky dance and downtempo music .
Imperial Bank Limited, commonly known as Imperial Bank, is a commercial bank in Kenya, the largest economy in the East African Community .
GTB Asset Management Limited formerly the wholly owned investment services subsidiary of Guaranty Trust Bank Plc, is licensed by the Securities & Exchange Commission Nigerian Stock Exchange to provide several capital market services, including acting as trustees to bond issuance programmes and collective investment schemes .
Jared Dwight Gaither is an American football offensive tackle who is currently a free agent .
ConnCAN is an American state-level education advocacy group founded in January 2005 and located in New Haven, Connecticut .
Archeophone Records, LLC, based in Champaign, Illinois, specializes in preserving recordings of the acoustic era of the recording industry by remastering phonograph cylinders and gramophone records from the late 19th and early 20th centuries and releasing them on compact disc .
Grupo Famsa is a retail company engaged in the purchase and sale of household appliances, electronic products, furniture, clothing and other consumer products in Mexico and United States .
Richard Bell won the 2003 Telstra National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award .
Josephine Gail ""Jo"" Baer is an American painter, whose works are associated with minimalist art .
Kuajok, also spelled Kwajok, is a city in South Sudan, and the capital of Warrap State .
The University of Wisconsin Credit Union , online bill payment, TouchTone Teller phone service, direct deposit, and ATMs .
Sanana is an island, part of Sula Islands which is part of Maluku Islands in Indonesia .
Jennifer Lee Brunner is an American politician of the Democratic Party who served as the Ohio Secretary of State; Brunner was the first woman to serve in this capacity .
Illuminate Labs is a Swedish software company based in Gothenburg, founded in 2002 and specializing in video games lighting .
An Phú is an urban municipality and capital town of the An Phú District of An Giang Province, Vietnam .
Relay is a chain of newspaper, magazine, book, and convenience stores, mostly based in train stations and airports .
Pastor Rafael Maldonado Motta is a Venezuelan racing driver, currently competing in Formula One for Lotus F1 .
Lea Anderson MBE not on the esoteric and obscure, but on the readily available debris of media culture .
Plzeň or Pilsen west of Prague, it is the fourth most populous city in the Czech Republic .
Tiffani Faison , a once popular neighborhood space on Friday nights, until it closed in December, 2010 .
Texas Power is a retail electricity provider serving all deregulated electricity areas in Texas .
Comp Air Inc, formerly known as Aerocomp Inc, is an aircraft manufacturer based in Merritt Island, Florida, owned by Ron Lueck .
Interstudy is an educational organization that facilitates study abroad opportunities in South Africa, Botswana, Ireland, and the UK .
Malcolm Paul Mortimore , is a drummer who has played with Gentle Giant, Spike Heatley, Tom Jones, Troy Tate, Ian Dury, G .
Mascot Books is one of the fastest growing mid-sized independent book publishers in the United States and Canada .
Thomas James ""Tommy"" Ladnier but left Wooding in January 1929 to work as a free-lancer in Paris .
Kyunsu, better known as Kanmaw, is a small town in the Mergui Archipelago of southeastern Burma .
Zhongshan was a Di state created by the nomadic Xianyu tribe in China during the later Zhou Dynasty .
The Philadelphia Phillies Radio Network is a network of 21 radio stations in Pennsylvania, Delaware, and New Jersey that air Major League Baseball games of the Philadelphia Phillies .
Diane Anderson-Minshall is an American journalist and author best known for writing about lesbian, gay bisexual and transgender subjects .
The Chicago Swordplay Guild is a modern school of swordsmanship and Western martial arts, and non-profit organization based in Chicago, IL USA .
Sticky Fingers RibHouse is a restaurant chain located in the southeastern United States specializing in Memphis Style barbecue .
Kate Cary is one of the authors of the Warriors novel series, a story about wild cats, which she writes under the pen name of Erin Hunter .
Koalapop is an independent clothing brand and website founded in 2007 by 'Allen J' , e-stickers, music playlists, and links to videos and other internet content .
Alex Machacek is an Austrian jazz fusion guitarist best known for his 1999 debut album Featuring Ourselves and the acclaimed follow-up Delete and Roll with the band BPM .
Kishangarh is a city and a municipality in Ajmer district in the Indian state of Rajasthan .
Barry Clifford is an underwater archaeological explorer best known for discovering the remains of the wrecked ship Whydah The Whydah was the first fully verified pirate shipwreck ever discovered – as such, artifacts from the wreck provide unique insights into the material culture of early 18th century piracy .
The Lordship of Wickrath was a Lordship of the Holy Roman Empire located in western North Rhine-Westphalia around the castle of Wickrath .
JEGS High Performance is the second largest mail order automotive performance equipment company in the United States .
Parit Malintang is a town or Sub-district in Padang Pariaman Regency, of West Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Padang Pariaman Regency .
Nakuru, is the capital of Nakuru County in Kenya and former capital of the Rift Valley Province .
Donald Michael ""Don"" Dohler was an American film director known for making low-budget science fiction and horror films as well as work in underground comix and publishing .
DDOR Novi Sad is one of the largest insurance companies in Serbia, offering auto, home, commercial and life insurance .
Arttu Ville Eemeli Lappi is a Finnish ski jumper who has competed since 2002 .
Chang'an About this sound listen , the metropolitan area including small cities in the vicinity .
On-Ramp Wireless is a systems provider for low-power wide area scalable sensor networking and location tracking .
The Schaltbau Group is a group of mechanical and electrical engineering companies specialising in transportation related products, including automatic door systems for moving vehicles, level crossing equipment, electric connectors and switchgear and safety and warning equipment .
Cutting Edge Creations is an Eagan, Minnesota-based inflatables company that sells inflatable structures, including bounce houses, slides, advertising inflatables, movie projection screens, obstacle courses, and interactive games .
KOTRA is a state-funded trade and investment promotion organization operated by the Government of South Korea .
Yordan Hristov Miliev is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a defender for FK Shkëndija in the First Macedonian Football League .
Byron Bekker is a South African speedway rider who rode in the British Premier League with Scunthorpe Scorpions .
Big Ape Productions was an American video game development studio whose work primarily consisted of licensed games .
The Taifa of Santa Maria do Algarve was a medieval taifa kingdom or emirate, in what is now southern Portugal, that existed from 1018 to 1051 .
Graziano Pellè is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a striker for English club Southampton and the Italy national team .
Kaduqli south of al-Ubayyid, at the northern edge of the White Nile plain in the Nuba Mountains .
The Chief Investigator, Transport Safety and State, Territory and Commonwealth regulators and investigators, including the Australian Transport Safety Bureau .
Geneviève de Gaulle-Anthonioz , was a niece of General Charles de Gaulle, a member of the French Resistance, and the president of ATD Quart Monde .
WABCO Vehicle Control Systems is a provider of electronic braking, stability, suspension and transmission automation systems for heavy duty commercial vehicles .
Innovadex is a search engine in the chemical and life science industries that became a part of the UL family of companies in 2013 .
Lahore is the capital city of the Pakistani province of Punjab and the second largest metropolitan area in the country .
Dave Palmer is an American session keyboardist native to Texas and living in Studio City, California .
Adam Paul Bandt is an Australian politician, former industrial lawyer and the Deputy Leader of the Australian Greens .
The Cardiff Waterbus is a water bus service operated along the River Taff in Cardiff, the capital of Wales .
Aram-Naharaim is a region that is mentioned five times in the Hebrew Bible or Old Testament .
Ryan Villopoto is a motocross and supercross champion who competed in the AMA Supercross series and the AMA Lucas Oil Motocross series .
Christopher ""Chris"" Miles is a fictional character in the British teen drama Skins, portrayed by Joe Dempsie .
Salim Kumar is an Indian film actor and mimic predominantly acting in Malayalam cinema .
Santiago de Compostela,commonly known as Santiago , is the capital of the autonomous community of Galicia in northwestern Spain .
Beijing Capital International Airport Company Limited or BCIA , and the Beijing municipal government are also involved in the feasibility studies .
An Imperial Circle comprised a regional grouping of territories of the Holy Roman Empire, primarily for the purpose of organizing a common defensive structure and of collecting the imperial taxes, but also as a means of organization within the Imperial Diet and the Imperial Chamber Court .
Nocturnes Productions is a French production company founded in 2007 by Olivier Bohler and Raphaël Millet .
Established in 2005, Burning Shore Press is a publisher of serious ""underground"" literature and is based in Long Beach, California .
Jeepster Records is a London, England-based independent record label, founded in 1995, and specialising in British indie and alternative bands, particularly Glasgow-based acts .
The Grand Duchy of Tuscany was a central Italian monarchy that existed, with interruptions, from 1569 to 1859, replacing the Duchy of Florence .
Ben Palmer is a British film and television director who is well known for being the director of Bo' Selecta and The Inbetweeners .
Sue Ann Downey is a former model and beauty queen from Columbus, Ohio who has held the Miss USA title and competed in the Miss Universe pageant .
Pedro Cunha was a Portuguese actor who appeared in several TV series and soap operas in Portugal, England and Spain .
Fennovoima Ltd is a Finnish nuclear power company established by a consortium of Finnish power and industrial companies .
Mary Kiani, usually spelled Märy Kiani on her records, is a Scottish singer in the early 1990s and later a solo career .
Ghost Box Music is an English independent record label, established in 2004 by Julian House and Jim Jupp .
Mediclinic International, founded in 1983, is an international private hospital group with operations in South Africa, Namibia, Switzerland and the United Arab Emirates, and listed on the JSE, the South African securities exchange, since 1986 .
Not to be confused with the South Yorkshire Junction RailwayThe South Yorkshire Joint Railway was a committee formed in 1903, between the Great Central Railway, the Great Northern Railway, the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway, the Midland Railway and the North Eastern Railway to oversee the construction of a new railway in the Doncaster area of South Yorkshire, England .
Santiago Cohen is a cartoonist, animator, fine artist and graphic novel illustrator based in Hoboken, New Jersey .
Success Corporation is a Japanese video game and online game developer and publisher, based in Shinagawa, Tokyo, and founded on June 7, 1978 .
Priority Telecom is a publicly listed Dutch telecommunications company that sells its services to businesses and governments in the Netherlands, Austria and Norway .
Padang Sidempuan is a city in North Sumatra, Indonesia, and the former capital of South Tapanuli Regency, which surrounds the city .
Sean Hargan veteran defender who played for Derry City and Crusaders, Hargan retired at the end of 2009 with Crusaders .
The South Dayi District is one of the twenty-five districts in the Volta Region .
AMREP Corporation is a real estate and media services company based in Princeton, New Jersey, in the United States, and was founded in 1961 as The American Realty and Petroleum Corporation .
Zamboanga City, officially the City of Zamboanga , is a highly urbanized city located in Mindanao, Philippines .
Erika Alcocer Luna, or simply Erika, was born on July 19, 1974 in Tampico, Tamaulipas, Mexico .
The Mari Autonomous Oblast was created on November 4, 1920, as on region of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic .
John Joseph Aquilina , a former Australian politician, is a former member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing the electorate of Blacktown between 1981 and 1991 and the electorate of Riverstone between 1991 and 2011 for the Australian Labor Party .
Health First Europe is a non-profit, non-commercial alliance of patients, healthcare workers, academics and healthcare experts as well as the medical technology industry .
The State of Cài was an ancient Chinese state established at the beginning of the Zhou dynasty, rising to prominence during the Spring and Autumn Period, and destroyed early in the Warring States period .
EvaluNet Ltd is a South African-based developer of educational software headquartered in Cape Town .
William ""Bill"" Cranston is a former professional footballer who represented Blackpool, Preston North End and Oldham Athletic throughout his career .
In Greek mythology, the name Halaesus or Halesus may refer to:A companion of Agamemnon during the Trojan War; some state that he was an illegitimate son of Agamemnon .
Cathy Areu is an American author, journalist and frequent news analyst who has appeared on HLN's Showbiz Tonight, HLN's Prime News, CNN's Campbell Brown, CNN's AC360, Fox News O'Reilly Factor, MSNBC's Daily Countdown and RussiaToday's CrossTalk .
Blackstratblues is a solo project of Warren Mendonsa, who is a guitarist, composer and record producer .
The Nordic countries are a geographical and cultural region in Northern Europe and the North Atlantic .
George Bowman, or Bo Mun Soen sa Nim, is a Zen master and licensed psychotherapist living at Furnace Mountain in Clay City, Kentucky .
Hiroko Anzai is a Japanese actress, model and gravure idol, who has appeared in various magazines and photo albums .
Outsource Partners International division and itAccounts, a finance and accounting BPO company with an offshore F&A outsourcing facility in Bangalore, India .
On the eve of the American Civil War in 1861, a significant number of Indigenous peoples of the Americas had been relocated from the Southeastern United States to Indian Territory, west of the Mississippi .
Aker Drilling, was a Norwegian drilling rig operation company; based in Stavanger, Norway and majority owned by the Aker Group .
United Company RUSAL , SUAL, and the alumina assets of Glencore, completed in March 2007 .
Claudio Santamaria is an Italian actor best known for portraying the terrorist Carlos in Casino Royale .
Southwest Tennessee Development District, SWTDD is a planning organization, the Southwest Tennessee Development District promotes the renewal and revitalization of both rural and urban communities through betterment of an economic base for an eight county area .
The Gupta Empire was an ancient Indian empire, founded by Maharaja Sri Gupta, which existed from approximately 320 to 550 CE and covered much of the Indian Subcontinent .
LanSlide Gaming PCs is a privately owned, internet-based, gaming computer company located in Schenectady, New York .
The Taifa of Orihuela was a medieval taifa kingdom which existed probably from around 1239 to 1249 .
French India is the name commonly used to refer lived in the territory of Pondichéry .
Plantation tradition is a genre of literature based in the southern states of the USA that is heavily nostalgic for antebellum times .
David García de la Cruz is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Girona FC as a left back .
Deutsche Pentosin-Werke GmbH, commonly known as Pentosin, is a global independent manufacturer of lubricants and related speciality products .
Hanley Wood LLC is a real estate media firm focused on commercial and residential construction in North America .
Youngman is a Chinese manufacturer of automobiles, buses and trucks located in Jinhua, Zhejiang province .
Ballarat Heritage Services, publisher, also known as BHS Publishing was formed in 1998 by Clare Gervasoni, Dr Dorothy Wickham and Wayne Phillipson .
Seton Identification Products is a supplier of safety, labeling and signage products based in Branford, Connecticut .
The Battle of Dutton's Hill Monument in Pulaski County, Kentucky, near Somerset, Kentucky, commemorates the Confederate soldiers who died at the battle of Dutton's Hill near here .
Tahlequah is a city in Cherokee County, Oklahoma, United States located at the foothills of the Ozark Mountains .
Paul Rose , an armed group which was fighting what they considered the oppression of French Quebecers .
The Kingdom of Tahiti was founded by paramount chief Pōmare I, who, with the aid of English missionaries and traders, and European weaponry, unified the islands of Tahiti, Moʻorea, Tetiaroa, Mehetia and at its peak included the Tuamotus, Tubuai, Raivavae and other islands of eastern Polynesia .
OAO Konditerskiy Kontsern Babayevskiy Open Joint-Stock Company is the oldest Russian confectionery manufacturer and a member of Obyedinyonnye Konditery holding company .
Knauf USG Systems is the legal entity of a manufacturer of cement board systems under the name Aquapanel .
Medine Zaouiche , better known by his stage name Médine, is a French rapper of Algerian descent .
Swansea Life is an A4 glossy lifestyle magazine published and distributed in Swansea, Wales by South West Wales Media, a part of Northcliffe Media .
Anna Halprin helped pioneer the experimental art form known as postmodern dance and referred to herself as the breaker of modern dance .
Eva Marie Cassidy was an American vocalist and guitarist known for her interpretations of jazz, blues, folk, gospel, country, rock and pop classics .
ReNeuron is a UK-based stem cell research company, whose shares are listed on the Alternative Investment Market .
Gondal State was one of the eight first class princely states of Kathiawar Agency during Bombay Presidency .
Houegbadja or Wegbaja or Aho was a King in the Kingdom of Dahomey, in present-day Benin, from around 1645 until 1685 .
An Châu is a township and town and capital of Sơn Động District, Bắc Giang Province, in northeastern Vietnam .
Layar is a Dutch company based in Amsterdam, founded in 2009 by Raimo van der Klein, Claire Boonstra and Maarten Lens-FitzGerald .
Ludmyrna Lopez , known simply as ""Myrna,"" was a Democratic member of the City Council of the California city of Richmond .
Dirty Harry is a British rock singer, who is now based in Los Angeles, California, United States .
Cyme as being one of the cities in which the rebel Lydian governor Pactyes sought refuge, following his attempted rebellion against the Persian King Cyrus the Great:Pactyes, when he learnt that an army was already on his tracks and near, took fright and fled to Cyme, and Mazares the Mede marched to Sardis with a detachment of Cyrus' troops .
Bristol Aerojet was a joint venture between the Bristol Aeroplane Company of the United Kingdom and Aerojet General of the US begun in 1959 using the existing factory at Banwell near Weston super Mare, England .
Anglosphere refers to a set of English-speaking nations with a similar cultural heritage, based upon populations originating from the nations of the British Isles , and ABCA Armies .
The Urban Development Corporation of Trinidad and Tobago , is a state owned company of Trinidad and Tobago .
Elron Electronic Industries is a technology holding company based in Haifa Israel; since 1962 the company has been involved in setting up, funding and developing over 30 companies and is considered one of the foundation stones of the high-tech industry in Israel .
Gaumina is the largest interactive agency in the Baltics, providing services of web design, web development, online advertising, video, multimedia, mobile and viral .
Novgorod Governorate of the Russian Empire, which existed from 1727 to 1776 and from 1796 to 1927 .
West Coast or Pacific Coast are the terms for westernmost coastal states of the United States, usually California, Oregon, and Washington .
California Wolf Center is a 501 3 nonprofit located 50 miles east of San Diego, near the town of Julian, California .
William James Haynes II is an American lawyer and was General Counsel of the Department of Defense during much of 43rd President George W .
Looptworks is a Portland, Oregon business that upcycles or re-purposes abandoned, pre-consumer materials into limited-edition products .
Medical Plus Pte Ltd is a medical trading company based in Singapore for imaging systems to both humans and veterinary .
Unibet Open is a series of live events in Europe including Texas Hold’em poker, a casino challenge and a live betting championship, operated by Unibet International .
The Republic of Lucca was a historic state of Italy, which lasted from 1160 to 1805 on the central Italian peninsula .
Irwin’s is Northern Ireland’s largest independent bakery and supplies a wide range of traditional Irish breads to supermarkets throughout the United Kingdom and Ireland .
Theatre Rice is an ASUC sponsored theater group that conducts dedicated shows on the University of California, Berkeley campus regularly, performs externally throughout the San Francisco Bay area, and tours throughout California .
Haris Alexiou by Müslüm Gürses;She has lived in Athens since 1958, when she and her family moved there from Thebes .
Zygmunt ""Muniek"" Staszczyk is a Polish vocalist, founder, bandleader, and initially also bassist of T .
Kamal Nawash is a Muslim Palestinian-born American lawyer, working for the Nawash Law Office in Washington, D .
As per Government of India census data of 2001, the total number of Urdu speakers in India were 81,536,111 the percentage rises significantly to much over three quarters of India's net population .
The Red Strings were a group in the Southern United States during the American Civil War .
After a series of verbal insults and a formal challenge, Philip Minis shot and killed James Stark in Savannah's City Hotel on August 10, 1832 .
LundXY Global Ventures is an angel investment and startup catalyst headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark, founded by serial entrepreneur Morten Lund in 2007 .
The Dylan Thomas Screenplay Award is an annual prize administered by the Dylan Thomas Centre in Swansea .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to Micronesia:The Federated States of Micronesia – island nation located in the North Pacific Ocean, north of Papua New Guinea .
Rani Spas is a multi-channel Ayurvedic spa and retail product company founded in 1994 and headquartered in Manhattan, New York .
Jean-Claude Fournier , known simply as Fournier, is a French cartoonist best known as the comic book artist who handled Spirou et Fantasio in the years 1969-1979 .
Carlo's Bake Shop, commonly known as Carlo's Bakery and also known as Carlo's City Hall Bake Shop, is a bakery owned by Buddy Valastro .
James Shipstone & Sons was the name of a brewery based in New Basford in Nottingham, England that opened in 1852 and closed in 1991 .
FireFly Balloons is an American hot air balloon manufacturer that started as The Balloon Works , SEMCO and Piccard Balloons .
TPS Pakistan is a Pakistan based technology firm established in 1996 by two entrepreneurs Mohammed Sohail and Mobushir Rahim .
Geralyn Lucas, born 1967, is an American journalist, television producer, writer and activist for breast cancer awareness .
Ashley Shuyler is the founder of AfricAid, a nonprofit organization that supports girls’ education in Africa in order to provide young women with the opportunity to transform their own lives and the futures of their communities .
Reform of the United Nations Security Council encompasses five key issues: categories of membership, the question of the veto held by the five permanent members, regional representation, the size of an enlarged Council and its working methods, and the Security Council-General Assembly relationship .
Callcredit Information Group is a data business, a consumer marketing business and a credit reference agency .
Kent Härstedt is a Swedish social democratic politician, member of the Riksdag since the Swedish general election, 1998 .
East Africa Protectorate from the Indian Ocean inland to Uganda and the Great Rift Valley .
Volantis was a mobile internet software company based in Guildford, England, it is now owned by Antenna Software, inc .
Pluto, also called Pluto the Pup, is a cartoon character created in 1930 by Walt Disney Productions .
The RAD Group is a collection of independent companies that develop, manufacture and market solutions for diverse segments of the networking and telecommunications industry .
Dick Griffin features that album as well as most of the Now is the Time album .
Shirley Fong-Torres was a chef, tour operator, and popular travel and food writer based in San Francisco, California .
The Palo Alto Medical Foundation for Health Care, Research and Education is a not-for-profit health care organization with medical offices in more than 15 cities in the Bay Area .
ORGMENT is an international professional services and investment group that specialize in helping companies to ' grow, innovate and evolve ' digital businesses .
Isenburg-Kempenich was the name of a state of the Holy Roman Empire, based around Kempenich in modern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany .
Mali , officially the Republic of Mali joined with Senegal in 1959, achieving independence in 1960 as the Mali Federation .
Robert ""Bob"" Atwater is a Democratic member of the North Carolina Senate, representing the 18th district since 2005 .
The Bashkir Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic was an Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic in the former Soviet Union .
Waters Corporation is a publicly traded laboratory analytical instrument and software company headquartered in Milford, Massachusetts .
Metismo was a mobile middleware developer founded in August 2007 by John Chasey, Glenn Broadway, Nick Reed and Matthew Cope who previously had been employed at mobile game studio IOMO, a subsidiary of InfoSpace .
Texize Chemical Company or simply Texize, is a chemical company incorporated in the 1940s which sold industrial cleaners to textile mills, hence the name ""Texize .
Mosgortrans is a state-owned company operating bus, trolleybus and tram networks in Moscow and Moscow region .
Mohammad-Rezā Lotfi was a Persian classical musician renowned for his mastery of the Tar and Setar .
The Kingdom of Arles or Second Kingdom of Burgundy was a Frankish dominion established from lands of the early medieval Kingdom of the Burgundians in 933 by the merger of the kingdoms of Upper and Lower Burgundy under King Rudolf II .
Rengat is a town in Riau province of Indonesia and it is the capital near the town, but the conservation area is no longer well-protected .
Polyarny District on December 28-29, 1934 and by the Resolution of the Presidium of the Murmansk Okrug Executive Committee on February 2, 1935 .
A stated income loan is a mortgage where the lender does not verify the borrower's income by looking at their pay stubs, W-2 forms, income tax returns, or other records .
Cobalt Technologies is a Mountain View start up that specializes in the creation of biobutanol using various cellulosic feedstocks .
LTB By Littlebig is a brand of denim jeans founded in 1994 and headquartered in Istanbul, Turkey .
Leandro Rinaudo is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a defender for Serie B club Virtus Entella .
German Cameroon was a West African colony of the German Empire from 1884 to 1916 in the region of today's Republic of Cameroon .
Daniel Miguel Alves Gomes , commonly known as Danny, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Russian club FC Zenit Saint Petersburg as an attacking midfielder .
TrueFACS offers medical bill advocacy services to companies and individuals who are concerned about the accuracy of their medical bills .
Frontier Communications of the Carolinas LLC is an operating company created in 2009 when some assets of Verizon South were split off and sold to Frontier Communications .
Amanda Forsyth is a Canadian cellist, and is the principal cello of the National Arts Centre Orchestra .
Nigel John Hess is a British composer, best known for his television, theatre and film soundtracks, including the theme tunes to Wycliffe, Dangerfield, Hetty Wainthropp Investigates and Ladies in Lavender .
Rapid Electronics is a UK distributor of electronic components and educational products, and supporter of science, engineering and educational initiatives, based in Colchester, Essex .
DP Information GroupDP Information Group is a Singapore credit and business information bureau formed in 1978 by private individuals .
The Ramadanids, also known as the Ramadanid dynasty, Emirate of Ramadan and Ramadanid principality , was one of the Anatolian beyliks .
Johari Abdul-Malik is a convert to Islam, and has been the Director of Outreach for the Dar Al Hijrah Islamic Center in Northern Virginia since June 2002 .
Pulau Punjung is a town or Sub-district in Dharmasraya Regency, of West Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Dharmasraya Regency .
Zygo Corporation is a company that specializes in optical systems & equipment for areas such as optical metrology .
Brett Chukerman , presented an instructional series for Comcast and is an entertainment correspondent for the Japanese network Super Drama .
Coffee Beanery is a Flushing -based chain of coffee shops operating in the United States, Europe, Asia, and U .
Charles Hossein Zenderoudi is a renowned Iranian painter and sculptor, known especially as a pioneer of Iranian modern art .
Maritz is a sales and marketing services company that designs and operates employee recognition and reward programs, sales channel incentive programs, , the Maritz Institute, and Maritz Travel .
Peter Kater is a German-born American composer, songwriter-singer and pianist who has several times been nominated for Grammy awards .
Cross Creek Cemetery is a cemetery located in Fayetteville, North Carolina, near a creek of that name that ""meanders for more than a mile from downtown Fayetteville to the Cape Fear River .
Ian Bowyer is a former English footballer who spent much of his career at Nottingham Forest, and was part of their European Cup victories in 1979 and 1980 .
Gavin Griffin which pushed him to the top of the all-time European Poker Tour winnings list .
The Territory of Kansas was an organized incorporated territory of the United States that existed from May 30, 1854, until January 29, 1861, when the eastern portion of the territory was admitted to the Union as the state of Kansas .
Ado Ekiti is a city in southwest Nigeria, the state capital and headquarters of the Ekiti .
Catalonia Catalonia has recovered political and cultural autonomy and is now one of the most economically dynamic regions of Spain .
The Taifa of Valencia was a medieval taifa kingdom which existed, in and around Valencia, Spain during four distinct periods: from 1010 to 1065, from 1075 to 1099, from 1145 to 1147 and last from 1229 to 1238 when it was finally conquered by Aragon .
Provincia Britannia , but the legacy of the Roman Empire was felt for centuries in Britain .
The USWA Television Championship was a secondary title in the United States Wrestling Association that was primarily defended on their television show .
Northern Nigeria was a British protectorate which lasted from 1900 until 1914 and covered the northern part of what is now Nigeria .
Ipecac Recordings is an American independent record label founded in 1999 by Greg Werckman and Mike Patton .
Gallaecia or Callaecia, also known as Hispania Gallaecia, was the name of a Roman province that comprised a territory in the north-west of Hispania, approximately present-day Galicia, northern Portugal, Asturias and Leon and the later Suebic Kingdom of Gallaecia .
The city of Luxembourg , with the city having developed into a banking and administrative centre .
Dudley William Mason GC was master of the tanker SS Ohio during the Second World War .
Gwa is a town in the Rakhine State of the westernmost part of Burma .
The Arms Control Association is a United States-based national nonpartisan-membership organization founded in 1971, with the self-stated mission of promoting public understanding of and support for effective arms control policies .
According to the Roman poets Virgil was the island home of the Sirens in other versions of the myth .
Bret Anthony Johnston is an American author best known for his multi-award winning debut story collection, Corpus Christi: Stories .
Myaing is a town and seat of Myaing Township in the Magway Region of central Burma .
Sahba Motallebi is an Iranian, musician, songwriter and a tar player and also the author of two books on Persian classical music, namely ""Tolou"" and ""Nyaiesh"" .
For the American-based Afghan television channel, see Ariana AfghanistanAriana TV, officially shortened as ATN, is a private television network based in Kabul, Afghanistan, that was launched on 17 August 2005 .
Bob Deig is a Democratic member of the Indiana Senate, representing the 49th District since 2006 .
Kingston is a city in and the county seat of Ulster County, New York, USA .
Tiny Speck is a computer gaming startup founded in 2009, with personnel located in both Vancouver and San Francisco .
Rodrigues forms part of the larger territory of the Republic of Mauritius with the President as head of state and the Chief Commissioner as head of government .
Feadship is a cooperative venture between two shipyards and maritime engineering company De Voogt Naval Architects .
The Adventist Health System is a non-profit health care organization which operates facilities within the Southern and Midwestern regions of the United States .
Jan Rosenthal is a German footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Bundesliga club Eintracht Frankfurt .
The New York Knickerbockers, commonly referred to as the Knicks, are a professional basketball team based in New York City, New York .
Sekondi-Takoradi, a city comprising the twin cities of Sekondi and Takoradi, is the capital of Sekondi Takoradi Metropolitan District and the Western Region of Ghana .
iVideosongs, now owned by Songmaster Studios Education LLC, is an online music instruction service where original artists show how to play the songs they have written and performed .
Armand Baeyens was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer, who won one stage in the 1951 Tour de France .
The Southern California Public Power Authority is a joint powers authority, or a collective of 10 municipal utilities and one irrigation district .
Palatinate-Zweibrücken-Vohenstrauss-Parkstein was a state of the Holy Roman Empire based around Vohenstrauß and Parkstein in modern northeastern Bavaria, Germany .
Fjordservice AS is a defunct passenger ferry company that operated routes from Stavanger to Ryfylke in Rogaland, Norway .
Castle Leisure is a privately owned company in existence since the mid-19th century and has been based in the same Cardiff office since 1856 .
Bjarne Pedersen is an international motorcycle speedway rider who has represented Denmark in the Speedway World Cup, winning it on two occasions: in 2006 and 2008 .
Laemmle Theatres is a group of family-run arthouse movie theaters in the Los Angeles area .
Billy Chapin and Michael Chapin, another successful child performer of the 1940s and 1950s .
The Grand Duchy of Berg was established by Napoleon Bonaparte after his victory at the 1805 Battle of Austerlitz on territories between the French Empire at the Rhine river and the German Kingdom of Westphalia .
Alberto Pizango Chota is the current president of AIDESEP, the premier indigenous rights organization in Peru .
The Allen Organ Company builds classical digital and combination digital and pipe organs, as well as digital theatre organs .
Adelaide from Gawler at its northern extent to Sellicks Beach in the south .
The Kingdom of Candia , the two states fought over the possession of Crete: the Ottomans quickly overran most of the island, but failed to take Candia, which held out, aided by Venetian naval superiority and Ottoman distractions elsewhere, until 1669 .
The Kingdom of the Canary Islands was founded in 1402/1404, although it had always recognized another country as their overlord .
""Azerbaijan Railways"" Closed Joint-Stock Company are in common carrier service and does not include industrial lines .
A Blakely rifle is one of a series of rifled muzzle-loading cannon design by British army officer, Captain Theophilus Alexander Blakely .
Goodwin Steel Castings Limited is a heavy engineering firm located in Stoke on Trent, Staffordshire, England .
Robert David Stevens is a Professor of Bio-Health Informatics in the School of Computer Science at the University of Manchester .
Kai Owen is a Welsh actor of stage and screen, known to Welsh audiences for his numerous roles on Welsh language television and to worldwide audiences for his portrayal of Rhys Williams in Torchwood .
Namibia , officially the Republic of Namibia as the official representative of the Namibian people in 1973 .
Dixon Hughes Goodman LLP is the largest certified public accounting firm headquartered in the Southern U .
Callum MacLeod is a professional British race car driver who drove in the 2009 and 2010 European F3 Open Championship seasons, .
Locanto is a worldwide online classifieds network with areas dedicated to jobs, personals, for rent, for sale, services, community, real estate, vehicles, and pets .
Grotbags is the name of a fictional witch who was a popular fixture on British children's television during the 1980s and early 1990s .
Rolta is an Indian company for CAD, CAM, business intelligence and big data solutions, geographic information system are listed on the Main Board of the London Stock Exchange and its foreign currency convertible bonds on the Singapore Stock Exchange .
Kauaʻi Island Utility Cooperative is an electric cooperative located on the island of Kauaʻi in Hawaiʻi .
Serowe is a town in Botswana's Central District and is a trade and commerce centre .
Moss & Associates is one of the southeast USA's largest privately held general contractors providing a variety of services including design/build, general construction, construction management and preconstruction consulting for commercial, institutional and residential projects .
Joshua Swanson is an American theater actor, film actor and television actor, voice over talent and a prolific, award-winning narrator of audiobooks with over 100 titles to his name, including This Book Is Not Good for You, all three novels of The Longlight Legacy, Peeps , and Hairstyles of the Damned .
Tams-Witmark is an American company that provides to professional and amateur theaters license to Broadway musical scripts and scores .
Sukabumi is a city surrounded by the regency of the same name in the southern foothills of Mount Gede, in West Java, Indonesia, about 80 km was 321,205 .
Airbus UK is a wholly owned subsidiary of Airbus SAS which produces wings for the Airbus aircraft family .
UK Mail, formerly known as Business Post, is a private postal service company in the United Kingdom, which has competed with the Royal Mail in collection and distribution of mail since the deregulation of the postal service in January 2006 .
New Munster was an early original European name for the South Island of New Zealand, given by the Governor of New Zealand, Captain William Hobson, in honour of Munster, the Irish province in which he was born .
Tengku Djan Ley bin Tengku Mahaleel is the head of Proton Motorsports and is also a Malaysian professional drift driver who has taken part in the D1 Grand Prix racing series and others .
Sydney Youngblood is an American singer, who had several successful dance/funk hits during the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Lujo Records is a United States independent record label that was founded in 2001 by Erik Aucoin who was a student at Nicholls State University in Thibodaux, Louisiana at the time .
Europa Island is a 28 km² low-lying tropical atoll in the Mozambique Channel, about a third of the way from southern Madagascar to southern Mozambique .
Belgium has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 56 times since making its debut as one of the seven countries at the first contest in 1956 .
Joseph Andrew Konrath is a fiction writer working in the mystery, thriller, and horror genres .
The Washington District of North Carolina was in a remote area west of the Appalachian Mountains, officially existing for only a short period as well .
J-W Energy Company is an Energy Services and Energy Development company, with several primary business units, that specialize in natural gas compression, gas gathering and processing, cased-hole wireline services, and exploration & production .
The NCR Corporation is a US-based computer hardware, software and electronics company that provides products and services that enable businesses to connect, interact and transact with their customers .
Great Plains Aircraft Supply Company is a United States aircraft manufacturer of experimental plans based primarily on the Volkswagen air-cooled engine .
Adam Rudolph is a jazz composer and percussionist performing in the post-bop and world fusion media, probably most notable to date for his work with Yusef Lateef .
The Joint Council of Municipalities in Croatia aligns interests of the Serb ethnic community in Eastern Slavonia, Baranja, and Western Syrmia in the Osijek-Baranja and Vukovar-Syrmia County .
The Catawba Valley Railway was a shortline railway that operated in northern South Carolina in the early part of the 20th century .
Rising Star Games is a video game publisher formed in 2004 as a joint business venture between Scandinavian distributor Bergsala and Japanese video game publisher and content developer Intergrow .
Diego Roberto Godín Leal is a Uruguayan footballer who plays for Spanish club Atlético Madrid as a central defender .
Charlie Bradberry was an American NASCAR driver who ran part-time in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series in 2003 and 2004 .
Fishbowl Inventory is an Orem, Utah-based software company that develops and publishes inventory management software and related software .
Swaziland, officially the Kingdom of Swaziland and COMESA, its main trading partners are South Africa, United States, European Union, and the country's currency, the lilangeni, is pegged to the South African Rand .
The Virginia Company refers collectively to a Joint stock company chartered by James I on 10 April 1606 with the purposes of establishing settlements on the coast of North America .
The North Central Florida Chapter of NIGP is a local chapter of the National Institute of Governmental Purchasing, a membership-based non-profit organization providing support to professionals in the public sector purchasing profession .
UIQ Technology developed and licensed an open software platform to the world's leading mobile phone manufacturers and supported licensees in the drive towards developing a mass market for open mobile phones .
Judith Gould is a fictional American writer of romance novels, and is the pseudonym used by co-authors: Nicholas Peter ""Nick"" Bienes and Rhea Gallaher, who are actually both men .
Omega Protein Corporation is a producer of omega-3 fish oil and North America's largest manufacturer of protein-rich specialty fishmeal and organic fish solubles .
Jewel Shepard is an American writer, photographer and actress, best known for her roles in movies such as Party Camp .
Grupo Corripio is a private holding company which is considered among the most successful enterprises operating in the Dominican Republic, owning a controlling interest in several companies across a wide variety of sectors .
Atta-ur-Rahman , PhD, FRS, FPAS, is a Pakistani organic chemist and a leading scientist in the field of natural product chemistry, with ~947 important publications in field of Organic chemistry, including his works referenced in 135 books largely published by leading publishers in Europe and the United States .
Dick Jol is a Dutch football referee, best known for supervising three matches during the 2000 UEFA European Football Championship held in Belgium and the Netherlands .
Nevada is a state in the Western, Mountain West, and Southwestern regions of the United States .
Jørgensen AS is a Norwegian bulk transporter, and has been the largest bulk transporter in Scandinavia since the 1980s .
The Free Southern Theater was a community theatre group founded in 1963 at Tougaloo College in Madison County, Mississippi by Gilbert Moses, Doris Derby, and John O’Neal .
Owen John ""Terry"" Scott was an English actor and comedian who appeared in seven Carry On films .
Jason Swedlow is an American-born cell biologist and light microscopist who is Professor of Quantitative Cell Biology at the University of Dundee, Scotland .
Sean Elsbernd is an American politician who represented District 7 on the San Francisco Board of Supervisors .
The Kénédougou Kingdom, also referred to as the Kenedugu Kingdom, was a pre-colonial West African state established in the southern portion of present-day Mali .
Peter Benedict ""Pete"" Holmes is an American comedian, actor, voice actor, writer, producer, podcaster, television host, and cartoonist based in Los Angeles, California .
Formed in 1938, Cobb Electric Membership Corporation, more commonly known as Cobb EMC, is a non-profit electric utility company serving parts of Cobb, Cherokee, Bartow, Paulding, and small sections of Fulton counties in Georgia .
Michael Blackwood is an English professional footballer who plays for Solihull Moors, where he plays as a defender, and on occasion as a midfielder .
Miracleman, formerly known as Marvelman, is a fictional character, a superhero that appears in comics published by Marvel Comics that was created in 1954 by writer-artist Mick Anglo for publisher L .
Permasteelisa Group is an Italian company working on design, project management, engineering, manufacturing, and installation of architectural envelopes and interior systems with its headquarters at Vittorio Veneto .
The Kuban People's Republic was an anti-Bolshevik state that comprised the territory of the Kuban in the modern-day Russian Federation during the Russian Civil War .
The Isle of Man , is a self-governing British Crown dependency located in the Irish Sea between the islands of Great Britain and Ireland .
The California Sustainability Alliance is an organization funded by the California IOUs to bring together key stakeholders needed to overcome the obstacles of sustainability .
Motile is a UK based independent record label, started in 2004, dedicated to the release of albums that combine improvisation, experimentation and/or other approaches to explore new musical territories .
Kevin Matthew Puts is an American composer who won a Pulitzer Prize in 2012 for his first opera .
The MIT Center for Civic Media is a research and practical center that develops and implements tools that support political action and ""the information needs of [civic] communities"" .
Quy Đạt is a township and town in Minh Hóa District, Quảng Bình Province, North Central Coast, Vietnam .
Brotherhood, an American television drama series created by Blake Masters, premiered on July 9, 2006 on the cable network Showtime in the United States .
Szepes was an administrative county of the Kingdom of Hungary, called Scepusium before the late 19th century .
The Hupmobile was an automobile built from 1909 through 1940 by the Hupp Motor Company, which was located at 345 Bellevue Avenue in Detroit, Michigan .
Kaiser Motors Corporation made automobiles at Willow Run, Michigan, United States, from 1945 to 1953 .
Markovo Republic was a self-proclaimed peasant state, located in Russia, 150 kilometers outside Moscow in the Volokolamsk area .
Jimmy Cheatham was an American jazz trombonist and teacher who played with Duke Ellington, Lionel Hampton and Ornette Coleman .
Yugoslavia participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 27 times, debuting in 1961 and competing every year until its last appearance in 1992, with the exceptions of 1977–1980 and 1985 .
Prince George's Community Federal Credit Union , is a credit union in Prince George's County, Maryland .
Pragoti Industries Limited is a Bangladeshi car assembling and car parts manufacturing company headquartered in Chittagong with a manufacturing plant in Agrabad .
The Japan Bank for International Cooperation , which contributes to the execution of the country's foreign policy .
Kemado Records is an American record label based in New York City founded in 2002 by Andrés Santo Domingo and Tom Clapp .
Pierre Hermé is a French pastry chef most famous for his macarons, many of which have unusual flavor combinations .
Zain Saudi Arabia is the third mobile network operating company in Saudi Arabia, operating GSM technology .
Al Jaber Aviation or AJA is a business jet airline based in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates .
Essam El-Hadary is an Egyptian goalkeeper, playing for Egyptian Premier League club Ismaily and Egypt national football team .
Vassos Lyssarides is a Cypriot politician who has been a central figure in Cyprus politics since the island's independence .
The Monell Chemical Senses Center is a non-profit independent scientific institute located at the University City Science Center research campus in Philadelphia, in the U .
Benjamin Hudson McIldowie , better known by his stage name Mr Hudson, is an English recording artist, songwriter and producer from Birmingham, England .
Jesuit Communications Foundation, or JesCom, is the media arm of the Philippine Province of the Society of Jesus .
Nessa Records is an American jazz record label founded in Chicago in 1967 by producer Chuck Nessa .
Sergey Georgyevich Kara-Murza is a Soviet and Russian chemist, historian, political philosopher and sociologist .
Nexton is a Japanese software company specializing in the publishing and distribution of visual novel video games for ten game developers that Nexton is partners with .
Rajpipla is a city and a municipality in the Narmada district in the Indian state of Gujarat .
Chilchota Alimentos is a cheese company founded in 1968 in Gómez Palacio, Mexico by Herrera Brothers .
The Café Leonar is a café, bar and bookstore in Hamburg, Germany, founded by Sonia Simmenauer .
Monterrey , is the capital and largest city of the northeastern state of Nuevo León in the country of Mexico .
Buzzinbees is a privately owned company that develops software and sells it to telecommunication equipment and software vendors .
Ann Gloria Daniel is a beauty queen from Dade-City, Florida and she competed in the Miss Florida pageant and the Miss America pageant .
Downtown Music Publishing is a music rights management firm representing a roster of songwriters and catalogs including The Beatles, John Lennon & Yoko Ono, The Kinks, Hans Zimmer, Mötley Crüe, Seal, and Ellie Goulding, and Neon Trees .
Wood Marsh Pty Ltd Architecture is a Melbourne based Australian architectural practice founded by Roger Wood and Randal Marsh in 1983 .
The Lexington Institute is a non-profit public-policy think tank headquartered in Arlington, Virginia, that focuses on national security, education reform, and U .
Bidtopia was an ecommerce site originally launched in 2007 as a private auction site for Warehouse86 Ventures, LLC .
Kefamenanu is a town and capital of the subdistrict kecamatan of Kota Kefamenanu and the North Central Timor Regency in West Timor, Indonesia .
DreamCity Theatre Group is a Washington, DC non-profit theatre company founded in 2004 by John Muller and Justin McNeil .
Pietermaritzburg and has one of the largest populations of Indian South Africans in South Africa .
Womble Carlyle Sandridge & Rice, LLP, established in Winston-Salem, North Carolina in 1876, is one of the largest business law firms in the mid-Atlantic and Southeast regions of the United States .
Tadawale Sammat Wagholi is a small town and gram panchayat in Koregaon taluka, Satara district, in the Indian province of Maharashtra .
Monte Plata is a province of the Dominican Republic, and also the name of its capital city .
Sebahattin Işık Koşaner is a Turkish former military general who served as the 27th Chief of the General Staff from 2010 to 2011 .
Bryan Sidney Pata was an American football defensive lineman for the Miami Hurricanes and was majoring in criminology .
Fan Milk is a manufacturer and retailer of icecream and frozen dairy products which has a leading position on the West African market .
Diderik Batens , is a Belgian logician and epistemologist at the University of Ghent, known chiefly for his work on adaptive and paraconsistent logics .
The Colony of Southern Rhodesia was a self-governing British colony located south of the Zambezi and north of the Limpopo River in southern Africa that existed from 1923 to 1980 .
Ali Akbar Javanfekr is a senior Iranian politician and the presidential advisor for press affairs and as of 19 December 2010, He is the Managing-Director of IRNA since 1 November 2010 On 20 November 2011, he was sentenced to a year in prison on charges of ""publishing materials contrary to Islamic norms"", this was later uphold by the court .
Sandra Mihanovich about a self healing therapy group and other movies and TV programs .
Adam Summerfield is an English professional ice hockey goaltender, playing for the Manchester Phoenix of the EPL .
Gus' Sanitary Cafe was a Greek restaurant in Anniston, Alabama, run for many years by a Greek immigrant, Gus Nichopoulos .
Democratic Kampuchea –controlled state that, between 1975 and 1979, ruled the Southeast Asian country of Cambodia .
Blue Nile from 1991 until 1994, is one of the eighteen states of the Republic of Sudan .
The proposed State of Superior , and possibly other portions of northern Michigan, and in some proposals, some of the northern counties from the state of Wisconsin as well .
Andy Horton, an American sailor and Olympic hopeful, is best known for his accomplishments Match racing and Star sailing .
Tatua Co-operative Dairy Company, trading as Tatua, is a small independent co-operative dairy company in the Matamata-Piako District of the Waikato Region, in the North Island of New Zealand .
The Cameri Theater , established in 1944 in Tel Aviv, is one of the leading theaters in Israel, and is housed at the Tel Aviv Performing Arts Center .
West Kurdufan on the resolution of conflict in Southern Kurdufan Nuba Mountains State shall be the same boundaries of former Southern Kordofan Province when Greater Kordofan was sub-divided into two provinces .
Travis Fulton is an American mixed martial artist and a professional boxer in the heavyweight division of both sports .
Gamerang is an American subscription-based online video game rental service that specializes in providing game titles for popular gaming platforms, including handheld game consoles and other mobile devices .
Flannelgraph is a storytelling system that uses a board covered with flannel fabric, usually resting on an easel .
The Kurdish chiefdoms or principalities were several semi-independent entities which existed during the 16th to 19th centuries in a state of continuous warfare against the Ottoman Empire and Safavid Iran, at times siding with either of them .
Maptek provides 3D modelling, spatial analysis and design technology to the global mining industry with 3 products; Vulcan, I-Site and MineSuite .
Mina Assadi is a poet, author, journalist and songwriter who lives in exile in Stockholm, Sweden .
Maakhir was an autonomous region in northern Somalia, situated in an area disputed by the Somaliland and Puntland macro-regions .
Christophe Miossec is a French singer and songwriter born in Brest, Brittany, France on December 24, 1964 .
SUSPA Holding GmbH is a manufacturer of gas springs, dampers, height adjustment systems, crash management systems and safety systems for many different industries .
Brest Region or Brest Oblast or Brest Voblast is one of the regions of Belarus .
Hollywood Theater of the Ear is a non-profit production company specializing in audio theater, founded in 1993 by Yuri Rasovsky, which releases productions through Blackstone Audiobooks .
Layher is a producer and inventor of modular scaffolding systems, headquartered in the German town of Eibensbach, Güglingen .
Sergio Palleroni is an architect, professor, and fellow at the new Institute for Sustainable Solutions at Portland State University in Portland, Oregon .
Le Théâtre du Soleil is a Parisian avant-garde stage ensemble founded by Ariane Mnouchkine, Philippe Léotard and fellow students of the L'École Internationale de Théâtre Jacques Lecoq in 1964 as a collective of theatre artists .
Optima Telekom is the second-largest provider of fixed telephony services in the Republic of Croatia, which offer its customers the complete spectrum of telecommunications services .
Boodle's is a London gentlemen's club, founded in 1762, at 49–51 Pall Mall, London by Lord Shelburne, the future Marquess of Lansdowne and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom .
Clubes City Club is the wholesale club of Mexican grocery store Soriana founded in 2002, in this same year it opened the first club in Torreón, Coahuila, in Fundadores Square, that also has a Soriana store .
Kothamangalam Subbu , South India for over three decades and was a close associate of movie mogul S .
Emma Blocksage, better known as Emma B , is an English model and TV presenter .
Saad El-Haddad , better known by his stage names Baba Saad or just Saad, is a German rapper of Lebanese heritage .
Vitalij Kuprij is a Ukrainian-American pianist, composer, music teacher, and keyboardist for Ring of Fire and Trans-Siberian Orchestra .
Robert Gerald ""Bob"" Marshall is a Republican member of the Virginia House of Delegates representing the 13th District, currently serving his 11th term .
Satterley Property Group is an Australian privately owned real estate land development company based in Perth .
Between 1895 and 1945, Taiwan continues to affect issues such as Taiwan Retrocession Day, national identity, ethnic identity and the Taiwan independence movement .
Fine Gold Music is a music firm based in NYC founded in 2002 by Jonathan Finegold .
Amir is a fast-food restaurant chain serving mainly Lebanese food with locations mainly in the Montreal area .
Yugoimport–SDPR is a Serbian state-owned intermediary company for the import and export of defense-related equipment, with the headquarters in Belgrade, Serbia .
Alibori is the largest and northernmost département of Benin, with an area of 26,242 km² and a population of 868,046 .
Czechoslovakia was a sovereign state in Central Europe that existed from October 1918, when it declared its independence from the Austro-Hungarian Empire, until its peaceful dissolution into the Czech Republic and Slovakia on 1 January 1993 .
""Tulcan"" is also an alternative spelling of tulchanTulcán is the capital of the province of Carchi in Ecuador .
The Torwa dynasty was the ruling family of the Butua kingdom that arose from the collapse of Great Zimbabwe in the sixteenth and seventeenth century, founded perhaps by the legendary Dlembeu .
Arab Bridge Maritime Company was founded in November 1985, to connect commercial routes in Asia and Africa .
Ursula Holden-Gill is an English actress, storyteller and musician notable for her role as cancer sufferer Alice Dingle on ITV's Emmerdale .
The Kingdom of Livonia was a nominal state in what is now the territory of the present-day Estonia and Latvia, declared as such by Ivan IV during the Livonian War but never properly established .
Sokoto State is located in the extreme northwest of Nigeria, near to the confluence of the Sokoto River and the Rima River .
Carol Spackman Moss is a Democratic member of the Utah State House, representing the state's 37th house district in Holladay since 2000 .
Campus Experience is the student organisation at Macquarie University and is a wholly owned subsidiary company of the University .
Spite Your Face Productions, or SYF, is an animation production company based in London, England, consisting of animation directors Tony Mines and Tim Drage .
David Johnson is the Iowa State Senator from the 3rd District and is an assistant minority leader .
Maravi was a kingdom established by a Sotho monarchy under the Mogale that is spoken in south Africa as well as the surnames of the Nyanja people - which reflect this Sotho ancestry .
Preeti Desai and was nominated for Best Lead Actress at South Asian Rising Star Film Awards in New York City in Oct 2012 presented by SAIFF and HBO .
Esri Australia is a location intelligence solutions company, providing solutions and services based on Geographic Information Systems specialist .
Asumi Nakada is a Japanese voice actress and child model who was born in Tokyo, Japan .
The National Congress of Australia's First Peoples is the new national representative body for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Australians .
The Shaanxi Diesel Engine Factory of Shaanxi, China is a major producer of diesel-powered electrical generators and high-speed prime movers for large-scale marine applications and is one of China's key state enterprises for the production of such engines .
Israel Zohar is a painter born in Kazakhstan on 7 February 1945 and residing in London .
Pacer International is the former name of a major North American provider of intermodal services, now owned by XPO Logistics .
Sangū Express Electric Railway which is home to Ise Grand Shrine, the holiest Shinto shrine in Japan and a common pilgrimage destination .
The Transcaucasian Democratic Federative Republic , also known as the Transcaucasian Federation, was a short-lived South Caucasian state extending across what are now the modern-day countries of Armenia, Azerbaijan, and Georgia .
The WSFA Journal is a science fiction fanzine that has been published approximately once a month since 1965 by the Washington Science Fiction Association .
Leila Bela is an Iranian-born American avant-garde musician, writer, photographer, actress, multi-instrumentalist, playwright and record producer from Austin, Texas .
Orange County’s Credit Union is a not-for-profit community-chartered credit union in California serving anyone who lives or works in Orange and Riverside Counties, and the communities of Long Beach, Signal Hill, Lakewood and Cerritos .
The Federal Dependencies of Venezuela encompass most of Venezuela's off shore islands in the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Venezuela, excluding those islands which form the State of Nueva Esparta .
For the American ice hockey coach, see Jeff Pyle is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives and was elected in 2004 .
Phonethics Mobile Media is an India based character creation and network marketing company that creates short form video animation content based on unique character properties .
Created in 1953 by SIMCA, a then-subsidiary of Fiat Auto Italia, “Fiat Someca” was a French agricultural tractor manufacturer .
The Metropolitan Association for Improving the Dwellings of the Industrious Classes was a Victorian-era, philanthropically-motivated Model Dwellings Company, a fore-runner of the modern housing association which sought to provide affordable housing for the working classes on a privately run basis, with a financial return for investors .
András Simonyi is the managing director of the Center for Transatlantic Relations at the Paul Nitze School of Advanced International Studies at Johns Hopkins University in Washington DC .
Miriam Rivera is a Mexican transsexual woman who appeared on the reality television shows There's Something About Miriam and Big Brother Australia 2004 .
The Compagnie générale de navigation sur le lac Léman or Lake Geneva General Navigation Company is a public Swiss company operating boats on Lake Geneva connecting towns in both France and Switzerland including Geneva, Vevey, Montreux, Évian-les-Bains and Lausanne .
Michael Waddington is an American defense lawyer specializing in Court-martial cases, war crimes, and other serious felonies .
The Karamanids or Karamanid dynasty , was one of the Anatolian beyliks, centered in south-central Anatolia around the present-day Karaman Province .
Saigon Tourist as well as several hotels in cities throughout central Vietnam, including Vinh, Đồng Hới, Huế, Da Nang, Quy Nhơn, Nha Trang, Phan Rang, Mũi Né, and Da Lat .
The United Kingdom Accreditation Service is the sole national accreditation body recognised by the British government .
Invite Media is a display advertising and exchange bidding company that was acquired by DoubleClick, a subsidiary of Google Inc .
The Nordic Passport Union allows citizens of the Nordic countries: Denmark , Sweden, Norway, Finland, and Iceland to travel and reside in other Nordic countries without a passport or a residence permit .
Helen Wong , better known by her stage name Allenina, is an American adult industry performer and adult film director .
Engel & Völkers AG is a privately owned German company that, via a series of franchised offices, provides services related to real estate transactions .
Taungup or Toungup or Toungok is a principal town of the Taungup Township in the Rakhine State of westernmost part of Myanmar .
Erstwhile Kerala Hitech Industries Limited and is a General Engineering Work Centre with flexibility to realize a variety of products .
Andy Sinclair-Harris is a designer director Bob Crowley on the new Disney musical Tarzan, which opened on Broadway in May 2006 and Mary Poppins, currently showing at the Prince Edward Theatre .
Colombo is the commercial capital and largest city of Sri Lanka, with a population of 4 .
Hildegard Burjan, born Hildegard Freund was the founder of a Catholic religious congregation for women and an Austrian politician .
The so-called Stary Buyan Republic was a short-lived separatist movement in the Samara gubernia of Russia during the Revolution of 1905 .
Infortrend Technology is a Taiwanese technology company specializing in SAN and NAS storage systems .
Gary Nixon was an American professional motorcycle racer who most notably won the A .
Laura Allende was a Chilean politician, a member of the lower chamber of parliament and sister of former president of Chile Salvador Allende .
Cockaigne or Cockayne is a land of plenty in medieval myth, an imaginary place of extreme luxury and ease where physical comforts and pleasures are always immediately at hand and where the harshness of medieval peasant life does not exist .
Grzegorz Tkaczyk is a Polish handball player - member of Poland national handball team, participant of 2007 World Men's Handball Championship .
The Taifa of Niebla was a taifa kingdom that existed for three distinct times: from 1023 to 1053, from 1145 to 1150 and from 1234 to 1262 .
Nordea Bank Polska was a name of bank, part of Nordea in Poland - the largest Scandinavian financial group .
The Kingdom of Upatissa Nuwara was the second administrative center in ancient Sri Lanka and Kingdom of Rajarata .
Timothy Joseph ""Tim"" Maude was a United States Army officer who was killed in the September 11 attacks of 2001 .
Adyashanti is an American spiritual teacher and writer from the San Francisco Bay Area who gives regular satsangs in the United States and also teaches abroad .
Kahlur , covering an area of 1173 km², and currently a part of Himachal Pradesh state, was one of the Princely states of India during the period of the British Raj .
The Black Sea Soviet Republic was a republic of the Russian SFSR within the territory that corresponded to Black Sea Governorate in the Russian Empire .
William Coupon is an American photographer, known principally for his formal painterly backdrop portraits of tribal people, politicians and celebrities .
One Way Sport Oy isa company that produces and markets sports equipment and textiles for Cross-country skiing, nordic walking, roller skiing and other outdoor sports .
The International Association of the Congo, also known as the International Congo Society , which was part of the International African Association created for exploration of the Congo .
JTB Corporation , is the largest travel agency in Japan and one of the largest travel agencies in the world .
For people named Alan Marshall, see Alan Marshall was an Australian-born actor who co-starred with Marlene Dietrich, Irene Dunne, Greta Garbo, Ginger Rogers, and Mae West .
General Cable is a company based in Highland Heights, Kentucky, in the United States, with sales offices and manufacturing facilities in several countries, that manufactures and distributes copper, aluminum, and optical fiber cables, for energy, communications, and other industries .
The Gray was an automobile manufactured in Detroit, Michigan by the Gray Motor Corporation from 1922-26 .
Sandur State was a princely state of India during the British Raj, part of the Madras States Agency .
East Malling Research is a horticultural and agricultural research institute at East Malling, Kent in England, with a specialism in fruit production .
Mohamed 'Hamada helel"" Abdel Fatah Helal which was widely appreciated by audiences and after that he released his album ""Wahashteny"" .
Cynapse is a private web software company that was incorporated in April 2001 in Mumbai, India and later in June 2006 in Delaware, USA .
Andrey Kashechkin is a Kazakhstani road racing cyclist, who last rode for the UCI ProTour team Astana .
Rob Moir is a professor of economics and social activist from Clifton Royal, New Brunswick, Canada .
Diema Family is a Bulgarian television channel, part of Nova Broadcasting Group, owned by Modern Times Group .
Lāhainā is the largest census-designated place in West Maui, Maui County, Hawaii, United States, and the gateway to the famous Kaanapali and Kapalua beach resorts north of the community .
Chas McDevitt is a British musician, one of the leading lights of the skiffle genre which was highly influential and popular in the United Kingdom in the mid-to-late 1950s .
FidelityBank, whose full name is Fidelity Commercial Bank Limited, is a commercial bank in Kenya, the largest economy in the East African Community .
Move with Us is a British-based property company that provides estate agency, asset management and corporate property services to estate agents, home builders, financial institutions and consumers .
Richard Bausch is an American novelist and short story writer, and Professor in the Writing Program of Wilkinson College of the Arts & Humanities at Chapman University in Orange, California .
The Marshalltown Company, based in Marshalltown, Iowa, is an American manufacturer of construction tools for various uses such as masonry, concrete, drywall, plastering, flooring, exterior insulation, and many others .
Simon Evans , is an English comedian, born in Luton and now living in Hove .
Pernod Ricard Winemakers, formerly Premium Wine Brands and Pernod Ricard Pacific, is a large Australian wine, spirits, and beverage company .
The Duchy of Bytom , formerly part of Lesser Poland until in 1177 the Polish High Duke Casimir II the Just had attached it to the Silesian Duchy of Racibórz .
Jan Fischer is a German DJ, fashion model and film producer, who came to prominence as a television presenter and adult-film actor in gay pornography in the early 2000s .
Flaxwood is a Finnish manufacturer of guitars and instrument parts based in Heinävaara, North Karelia .
Mõhu was a small landlocked ancient Estonian county in the central part of the territory of Estonia .
Autonomie Project is a Fair Trade, Eco-Friendly, and Vegan Fashion Company based out of Boston, MA in the United States .
Niall Quinn is an Irish motor racing driver, currently living in County Meath, Ireland .
Ijebu , a council of all free born men that acted as the kingdom's courts .
Syria was an early Roman province, annexed to the Roman Republic in 64 BC by Pompey in the Third Mithridatic War following the defeat of Armenian King Tigranes the Great .
Weda is a coastal fishing village in North Maluku, Indonesia, located on the east coast of Halmahera, the largest of all the islands group .
FareFuturo is a liberal-conservative think tank close to Future and Freedom, a political party in Italy .
The Tripura Tribal Areas Autonomous District Council is an independent council administering the tribal areas of the state of Tripura, India .
Will Morgan , he represents District 56B, which includes portions of Dakota County in the southern Twin Cities metropolitan area .
For more than 30 years, Australian Dairy Foods has been the trade magazine of the post-farmgate dairy industry in Australia .
Seiko Hashimoto is a Japanese politician who was formerly a speed skater and track cycling sprinter .
Astrid Kirchherr , and her photographs of the band's original members – John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison, Stuart Sutcliffe and Pete Best – during their early days in Hamburg .
Romstrade is a construction company based in Bucharest, Romania which specialises in building construction and civil engineering, infrastructure construction, and facility management .
Fox Sports Midwest is an American regional sports network serving eastern and central Missouri, central and southern Illinois, Southern Indiana, Nebraska, and Iowa that is operated as an affiliate of Fox Sports Networks .
Sucsy, Fischer & Company is a Chicago area-based independent investment banking firm serving middle-market companies throughout the United States .
James Ida also known as ""Little Guy"" is a New York mobster and former consigliere of the Genovese crime family .
Ford of Europe AG is a subsidiary company of Ford Motor Company founded in 1967, with headquarters in Cologne, Germany .
Setcom Corporation is a top American manufacturer of communications equipment for police motorcycle officers, firefighters, rescue personnel and industrial users .
The West North Central States form one of the nine geographic divisions within the United States that are officially recognized by the U .
Marketcetera is a financial software company that has developed the Marketcetera open source trading platform, linking financial exchanges to users through broker services allowing the development of automated trading systems, essentially acting as a meta-broker itself .
Stéphane Paille is a French former professional footballer who played for the French national team as well as for various clubs sides in France, Portugal, Switzerland and Scotland .
The State of Muskogee was a proclaimed sovereign nation located in Florida, founded in 1799 and led by William Augustus Bowles, a Loyalist veteran of the American Revolutionary War who lived among the Muscogee, and envisioned uniting the American Indians of the Southeast into a single nation that could resist the expansion of the United States .
Charles Kurzman is a Professor of Sociology at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill who specializes in Middle East and Islamic studies .
Designer Bride is a bridal wear company carrying the bridal lines by ready-to-wear fashion designers Lilly Pulitzer, David Meister and Carmen Marc Valvo .
Bill Leslie is a journalist who anchors the morning and noon newscasts for WRAL-TV in Raleigh, North Carolina .
The Sanjak of Smederevo , to Budin Eyalet between 1541 and 1686, and to Temeșvar Eyalet between 1686 and 1688 and again between 1690 and 1716 .
Thomas Kohnstamm is an American author, and travel writer who worked previously for Lonely Planet .
Managua is the capital city of Nicaragua as well as the department and municipality by the same name .
The Helix Universal Media Server is developed by RealNetworks and originates from the very first streaming media server originally developed by Progressive Networks in 1994 .
The States of the German Confederation were those member states that from 20 June 1815 were part of the German Confederation, which lasted, with some changes in the member states, until 24 August 1866, under the presidency of the Austrian imperial House of Habsburg, which was represented by an Austrian presidential envoy to the Federal diet in Frankfurt .
Chief Oil & Gas was founded in Dallas, Texas in 1994 by President and CEO Trevor Rees-Jones .
This is a list of media serving the Omaha metropolitan area in Omaha, Nebraska and Council Bluffs, Iowa .
Yankton is a city in, and the county seat of, Yankton County, South Dakota, United States .
Guangxi , which comes from the city of Guilin, the former capital, center of much of Guangxi's culture, politics, and history, and currently the third largest city in the autonomous region .
Borsod was an administrative county of the Kingdom of Hungary in present-day northeastern Hungary .
Urban Jungle is an artist management company, booking agency and independent record label based in São Paulo, Brazil, inspired by the local Brazilian urban music scene, it has been releasing albums and representing artists like Céu, Curumin, Chico César and Lucas Santtana worldwide .
Eldon Chase Miller is an American stock car racing driver, who competes in the NASCAR Nationwide Series .
In Greek mythology, Anaxagoras was a king of Argos and son of either Megapenthes or his son Argeus .
Kei Igawa is a Japanese left-handed starting pitcher who is currently playing for the Orix Buffaloes originally from Ōarai, Ibaraki, Japan .
By the beginning of the twentieth century the photographic industry prospered utilising new manufacturing methods building smaller, lighter and more reliable equipment, using better materials like aluminium and steel rather than wood, brass and leather .
Syria while the modern state encompasses the sites of several ancient kingdoms and empires, including the Eblan civilization of the 3rd millennium BC .
Natuzzi Natuzzi Group was founded in 1959 by Pasquale Natuzzi, current Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Group Stylist .
Bilawal Bhutto Zardari is a Pakistani politician who serves as the Chairman of the Pakistan Peoples Party and presides over the party's executive committee .
Cooplands is a bakery chain with over 100 outlets located across Yorkshire, Durham and Lincolnshire in the United Kingdom .
Smart Eye AB, is a Swedish high-tech company located in Gothenburg that develops and sells products for eye tracking .
SUSS MicroTec is a supplier of equipment and process solutions for the semiconductor industry and related markets .
Extech Instruments is a full-line supplier of handheld electronic measuring equipment, other handheld measuring instruments, and portable printers .
Baotou Iron and Steel Group, Baotou Steel or Baogang Group is an iron and steel state-owned enterprise in Baotou, Inner Mongolia, China .
Jadwa Investment is a Saudi closed joint stock company operating under the supervision of the Saudi Arabian Capital Markets Authority .
Fairtrade Ireland is the Irish member of FLO International, which unites 23 Fairtrade producer and labelling initiatives across Europe, Asia, Latin America, North America, Africa, Australia and New Zealand .
Caernarfonshire , historically spelled as Caernarvonshire or Carnarvonshire in English, is one of the thirteen historic counties, a vice-county and a former administrative county of Wales .
Renée Sebastian is a Filipino-American soul-infused pop and R&B singer, songwriter, and owner of a bespoke fashion, beauty and tea company da .
Buquebus is an Argentine-Uruguayan company that operates ferry services from Buenos Aires to Montevideo, Colonia and Piriapolis .
ABC Bank , whose full name is ABC Capital Bank, is a commercial bank in Uganda .
The Vietnam Financial Review is an English language magazine published by the Vietnam Ministry of Finance .
Caffe Vita Coffee Roasting Company, commonly known as Caffe Vita, is a coffee roasting company in Seattle, Washington .
Connie Fisher is a Northern Irish-born Welsh actress and singer, who won the BBC One talent contest, How Do You Solve a Problem Like Maria?On 15 November 2006, she opened to excellent reviews in the part of Maria von Trapp in The Sound of Music in the West End, London on a six-month contract, which was extended until 23 February 2008 .
Starhemberg is the name of an Austrian noble family originating from Upper Austria, specifically Steyr and Steinbach .
Jorh-el Aburto, better known by his stage name J Smooth, is an Hispanic-American rapper, music video director and hip hop producer from Los Angeles, California .
NeoAccel is a multinational company that sells computer network security products direct to the end-user and through OEM relationships .
Linh Dan Pham by the director Bui Thac Chuyen, which won the FIPRESCI award at the 66th Venice International Film Festival .
GE Trailer Fleet Services , and operates from a nationwide branch network in both the U .
Kurt Ebelhäuser is a German musician/producer and probably best known for his work as guitarist for the indie rock band blackmail .
Kailash Satyarthi in 1980 and has acted to protect the rights of more than 83,000 children from 144 countries .
Michael Olmert, born 1940 is a professor of English at the University of Maryland, College Park and a writer .
Samavia is a fictional state in Eastern Europe created in the novel The Lost Prince by Frances Hodgson Burnett .
The Saint Louis Billikens men's soccer team is an intercollegiate varsity sports team of Saint Louis University .
Israeli News Company of ""Globus group"" company in Neve Ilan on Jerusalem mountains, since 2000 .
The Lion Store is a defunct retailer and department store chain in the city of Toledo, Ohio .
The Kingdom of the Isles is a fictional nation on Midkemia, a world created by a fantasy role-playing group and popularized by Raymond E .
David Myers collectively known as the Hairy Bikers, are British television presenters who have fronted the series The Hairy Bikers' Cookbook, The Hairy Bikers Ride Again, The Hairy Bakers, The Hairy Bikers' Food Tour of Britain, The Hairy Bikers Mums Know Best, Hairy Bikers Meals on Wheels, Hairy Biker's Best of British, The Hairy Biker's Bakeation, Hairy Dieters: How to Love Food and Lose Weight and The Hairy Bikers' Asian Adventure for BBC Two, and The Hairy Biker's Mississippi Adventure for Good Food .
Tensor Trucks is a skateboarding truck company founded and designed by professional skateboarder, Rodney Mullen, in 2000 .
Bakata was the capital of the Ahom kingdom established by the Ahom king Suhungmung .
MediaCorp Suria is a Malay language channel from MediaCorp and broadcasting via digital cable, terrestrial, IPTV and satellite platforms .
subconscious music is a record label created by Steven Severin, co-founder of Siouxsie and the Banshees and latterly a soundtrack composer, which has released several works by him and Arban Severin .
Birgit Hein is a German film director, producer and screenwriter who has made experimental films with her husband Wilhelm Hein since the 1960s .
The Kingdom of Mysore was a kingdom of southern India, traditionally believed to have been founded in 1399 in the vicinity of the modern city of Mysore .
The Principality of Serbia was a semi-independent state in the Balkans that came into existence as a result of the Serbian Revolution which lasted between 1804 and 1817 .
The Beauvoir estate is notable as the historic post-war home was completed and opened on site .
Kage Physical Theatre is an Australian physical theatre/contemporary dance company founded in 1996 by Kate Denborough and Gerard van Dyck .
The Botanic Inn, affectionately known as ""The Bot"", is a bar/nightclub situated near Botanic Gardens in the Queen's Quarter of Belfast, Northern Ireland .
Digital cinema refers to the use of digital technology to distribute or project motion pictures as opposed to the historical use of motion picture film .
Germán Gustavo Denis is an Argentine football striker who currently plays for Serie A club Atalanta .
John Frederick Carden Michell was reckoned by The Washington Post ""the best overview yet of the authorship question .
The North Shore Railroad System in the United States includes the following short lines:Juniata Valley Railroad .
The Principality of Galilee was one of the four major seigneuries of the crusader Kingdom of Jerusalem, according to 13th-century commentator John of Ibelin .
The Treaty of Fort Harmar was an agreement between the United States government and numerous Native American tribes with claims to the Northwest Territory .
Shane Claiborne is an activist and author who is a leading figure in the New Monasticism movement and one of the founding members of The Simple Way in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania .
Degrémont is a company specializing in the production of drinking water, and in the treatment of sewage and sludge .
The Funj Sultanate of Sennar after its capital, which ruled a substantial area of northeast Africa between 1504 and 1821 .
David Kuo is a stock market analyst and radio personality at The Motley Fool UK .
Azadea Group is a premier fashion and lifestyle retail company that owns and operates more than 50 leading international franchise concepts across the Middle East and North Africa .
Kgalema Petrus Motlanthe , a position he held from 2007 until 2012, when he declined to run for a second term .
In November 1755, Pasquale Paoli proclaimed Corsica a sovereign nation, the Corsican Republic, independent from the Republic of Genoa .
Marek Żuławski , which has recently been republished in its full trilogy form by the publishing house Oficyna Wydawnicza Kucharski .
RemObjects Software is an American software company founded in 2002 by Alessandro Federici and Marc Hoffman .
Midtown Comics is a New York City comic book retailer with three shops in Manhattan and an e-commerce website .
Northern Nigeria was an autonomous division within Nigeria, distinctly different from the southern part of the country, it had independent customs, foreign relations and security structures .
Strategic Name Development is a naming company co-founded in 1992 by William Lozito and Diane Prange .
Diversitech is an American company that manufactures components and products related to the heating, ventilating, air conditioning and refrigeration industry .
BMMI is a retail, distribution, and contract supply group headquartered in the Kingdom of Bahrain, with overseas offices in Qatar, Djibouti, Ghana, Gabon, Kenya, Mali, Sudan, South Sudan and Washington, D .
The Republic of Venice was a state originating from the city of Venice in Northeastern Italy .
Diatom enterprises in the Baltic is a custom software development and information technology consulting company based in Riga, Latvia .
Karl Gottlob , a work in chronology down to 476 AD, and other antiquarian studies .
The Arena Rock Recording Company is an independent record label based in Portland, Oregon, United States .
Ed Stasium is an American record producer and engineer who has worked on albums by the Ramones, Talking Heads, the Smithereens and Living Colour .
Anjum Anand is a British Indian food writer and TV chef of Indian cuisine .
Anna Melomud is a beauty queen from Richmond Heights, Ohio who competed for the Miss USA title in 2007 .
The Kingdom of Kquoja or Koya or Koya Temne, or the Temne Kingdom the Koya kingdom signed a treaty, which made it possible for the establishment of British colony on the peninsula of Sierra Leone in 1788 .
Steve Peterson is an American actor was seen as Stanley in The Body at the Matrix Theatre, King Arthur in Dennis Gersten’s The Author’s Thumb, Tranio in Taming of the Shrew at the Globe Playhouse, Aguecheek in Twelfth Night for both Shakespeare at Play and Ellen Geer's Theatricum Botanicum, and as the Ghost in Mark Ringer’s production of Hamlet .
The East Hebei Autonomous Council , also known as the East Ji Autonomous Council and the East Hopei Autonomous Anti-Communist Council, was a short-lived late-1930s Japanese puppet state in northern China .
Juan Miguel ""Migz"" Fernandez Zubiri is a Filipino politician who served as a representative representing the third district of Bukidnon for three consecutive terms, and was the Senate of the Philippines Majority Leader, replacing Senator Francis Pangilinan on November 17, 2008 .
The City of Colorado Springs is the Home Rule Municipality that is the county seat and the most populous municipality of El Paso County, Colorado, United States .
GlobalScholar was an operating unit of Scantron based in Bellevue, Washington that developed, manufactures, licenses, and supports a wide range of products and services related to education .
TimoCom Soft- und Hardware GmbH, was founded 1997 in Düsseldorf, Germany and is a provider of an electronic marketplace for the transport sector .
Veinticinco de Mayo Partido is a partido located in the centre-north of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina .
Bogdan Korczowski , he has been showing his works in the USA and Europe since 1974 .
Utopia Group SA is a Luxembourgian cinema chain that owns and operates cinemas located predominantly in Belgium, Luxembourg, and the Netherlands .
Robert Raymond Davey the first Presbyterian Chaplain and Dean of Residences at Queen's University, Belfast .
The NDTV Imagine Film Company is a 1999 film company founded by Prannoy Roy who is also one of the key pupils .
Rasta Taco is a Mexican Mobile Taco Cart Catering Company, located in Dana Point, California Taco .
Bamenda, also known as Abakwa and Mankon Town, is a city in northwestern Cameroon and capital of the North West Region .
Michael van Gerwen is a Dutch professional darts player currently ranked world number one .
MonaVie manufactures and distributes products made from blended fruit and vegetable juice concentrates, powders and purées through a multi-level marketing business model .
The Sultanate of Siak Sri Indrapura, often called Sultanate of Siak declared his kingdom to have joined the Republic of Indonesia .
Matt Kelley 3 not-for-profit organization whose mission is to build “healthy communities that celebrate and empower mixed heritage people and families"" .
Khorramabad About this sound pronunciation , a relic of the Sassanid era, is now a nationally popular museum .
Yasuka Saitō is a Japanese actor, best known for the role of Masumi Inou in the 2006–2007 tokusatsu series GoGo Sentai Boukenger .
Alex Jolig , better known by his stage name Alex, is a German actor, singer and motorcycle racer .
Tel Keppe , is one of the largest historically Assyrian towns in Assyria, northern Iraq .
Aragon of Saraqustah, and as lands that once belonged to the Frankish Marca Hispanica; and counties that later formed the Kingdom of Aragon and eventually the empire or Crown of Aragon .
MC Cable is a cable television company for the Principality of Monaco and is owned by Monaco Telecom .
This chart shows the trends in the partisan composition of the various state legislatures in the United States .
CRAiLAR Technologies is a Vancouver, BC-based cleantech company focused on providing textile, composite and pulping solutions, through the processing of industrial hemp, and other bast fibers .
Bulgaria has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest nine times since their debut at the 2005 contest in Kiev .
Korea Plant Service & Engineering or KPS is a South Korean public enterprise established in 1974 to provide electronic power and industrial facilities .
Spectrum Group International , formerly known as Escala, is a Fortune 500 company based in Irvine, CA, which deals in the collectibles, memorabilia, and precious metals trade .
PetroVietnam Joinstock Finance Corporation is a non-banking finance corporation, a subsidiary of Vietnam National Oil and Gas Group PetroVietnam .
The American International Automobile Dealers Association is a United States lobbying force dedicated to the economic and political interests of America's international nameplate automobile dealers .
Ibadan is the capital city of Oyo State and the third largest metropolitan area, by population, in Nigeria, after Lagos and Kano, with a population of over 3 million Ibadan is also the largest metropolitan geographical area .
Masamba is a small river town and kecamatan in the Luwu Regency of South Sulawesi, Indonesia .
Landmark Land Company is a real-estate development company specializing in the creation of golf courses and upscale communities .
StoryForge Labs produces films, web series, and an online comic series with a focus on science fiction entertainment .
Saint Christopher-Nevis-Anguilla was a Crown Colony and later, a Dependent Territory of the United Kingdom located in the Caribbean Sea .
The Upper Aulaqi Sultanate was a state in the British Aden Protectorate and the Federation of South Arabia .
ZuluTrade is a financial services company, with its main operations based in Athens, Greece and operating in the foreign exchange market .
Elvandar is a fictional nation on Midkemia, a world created by a fantasy role-playing group and popularized by Raymond E .
Lavalys is a Canadian software development company founded in 2003, that specialized in computer diagnostics and system profiling software popular amongst computer enthusiasts .
Slovenská záručná a rozvojová banka is a specialised banking institution in Slovakia founded by the central body of state administration – the Ministry of Finance of the Slovak Republic .
Joseph Michael ""Joe"" Papp from the University of Pittsburgh, where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa .
Molossia, also known as the self-proclaimed Republic of Molossia, is a micronation, founded by Kevin Baugh and headquartered solely from his home near Dayton, Nevada .
Frontier Works is a Japanese company specializing in the creation and distribution of media related to anime, such as producing OVAs, radio dramas, drama CDs, anime soundtracks, or other related products .
Glele or Badohou was the tenth King of Dahomey, ruling from 1858 until his death .
PrepMe is a for-profit American company that offers online courses and tutoring for standardized achievement tests, in particular those offered by the Educational Testing Service , such as the PSAT and SAT; and the ACT offered by ACT, Inc .
Balkantourist is the oldest existing Bulgarian tour operator, established on 6 January 1948 as a state-owned government monopoly in what was then the People's Republic of Bulgaria .
Serbia , is a sovereign state situated at the crossroads between Central and Southeast Europe, covering the southern part of the Pannonian Plain and the central Balkans .
Showa Corporation is a manufacturer of high-performance automotive, motorcycle and outboard suspension systems based in Gyoda, Saitama in Japan .
Candice Marie Bergen, PC, MP is a Canadian federal politician, Minister of State for Social Development, and Member of the Canadian Parliament .
XD Group or Xi'an Electric Manufacturing Corp is a major manufacturer of transformers in China .
Hed Arzi Music , is an Israeli record label founded by Zvi Levin in 1946 .
Exanet Ltd was an Israeli software company which provided scalable network-attached storage software solutions to partners .
The Cisalpine Republic was a French client republic in Northern Italy that lasted from 1797 to 1802 .
Gemco was an American chain of membership department stores that was owned by San Leandro-based Lucky Stores, a California supermarket company which eventually became part of Albertsons .
Lavay Smith is an American singer specialising in the Blues and Jazz, from Swing to Bebop .
GO Wellington is the brand name of Wellington City Transport Ltd, the Wellington subsidiary of NZ Bus in New Zealand .
Cetemmsa is an innovation and technology centre, that specializes in carrying out applied research on Smart Materials .
Douglas Elliman is the largest residential real estate brokerage in the New York metropolitan area and the fourth largest real estate company in the United States .
This is a list of States and Union Territories of India by speakers of Telugu as of census 2001 .
Ho is a town and the capital of Ho Municipal District and the Volta Region of Ghana .
Hannover House, is an American entertainment media distributor, specializing in the manufacture and release of pre-recorded movies and programs onto DVD and Blu-ray video devices, and the publication of literary and non-fiction books .
MISC Berhad was incorporated in 1968 as Malaysia International Shipping Corporation Berhad and is the leading international shipping line of Malaysia .
Lorimar, later known as Lorimar Television and Lorimar Distribution, was an American television production company that was later a subsidiary of Warner Bros .
Realtime Gaming is an online casino company developing download-based casino software, licensed by various operators running their own branded RTG-powered casino sites .
Mane SA is a major producer of flavours and fragrances with sales of €723 million in 2013 .
As generic terms, Indian Territory, the Indian Territories, or Indian country describe an evolving land area set aside by the United States Government for the relocation of the indigenous peoples of the Americas who held aboriginal title to their land .
The Bishopric of Lübeck was a Roman-Catholic and, later, Protestant diocese, as well as a state of the Holy Roman Empire .
Julian Watts is an English professional footballer, best known as a player for Luton Town and Australian side Northern Spirit who, after a spell of 2 and half years, was the manager of Hallam .
About this sound Harbin is the capital and largest city of Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China .
The fictional Kingdom of Gwynedd is the primary setting of the Deryni series of historical fantasy novels by Katherine Kurtz .
TST Overland Express is a less than truckload carrier located in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada .
The Treaty of Fort McIntosh was a treaty between the United States government and representatives of the Wyandotte, Delaware, Chippewa and Ottawa nations of Native Americans .
Portuguese Mozambique or Portuguese East Africa are the common terms by which 'Mozambique' is designated when referring to the historic period when it was a Portuguese overseas territory .
Singaraja is a town in northern Bali, Indonesia, which serves as the seat of Buleleng Regency .
The Kingdom of Tambapanni, also referred to as Kingdom of Thambapanni, was the first administrative center in ancient Sri Lanka and Kingdom of Rajarata .
Ultimate Electronics was a chain of consumer electronics stores which filed for bankruptcy twice after 2006, liquidating and ceasing operations in 2011 .
The Arizona Corporation Commission is the Public Utilities Commission of the State of Arizona, established by Article 15 of the Arizona Constitution .
In Greek mythology, Autonous and Acanthis became a thistle finch; others became birds whose Greek names are the same as their personal names were when they were humans .
Robert Irving III resumed his career as a recording artist under his own name .
This is a list of States and Union Territories of India by speakers of Tamil at the time of the 2001 census .
Luxembourg has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 37 times since making their debut at the first contest in 1956 .
Lew Jetton is an American blues guitarist and singer, who also spent many years as a meteorologist and local television personality .
San Marino has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest five times, debuting in the 2008 contest, followed by participation in 2011, 2012 and 2013 .
Triangle Service is a small Japanese developer of shoot 'em up titles, founded by Toshiaki Fujino, a programmer of Konami Computer Entertainment Japan East and the defunct Oriental Soft Japan .
Lionel Loueke is a guitarist born in the west African country of Benin .
Prussia , which redrew the map of Europe following Napoleon's defeat, Prussia acquired a large section of north western Germany, including the coal-rich Ruhr .
coup d'etat Brooklyn is a graphically bold military-inspired clothing company and lifestyle brand based out of the Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York, whose brand philosophy follows the principle ""live to change something .
Roger Vincent Gyles is a former Australian judge who is currently the Independent National Security Legislation Monitor .
Windsor Light Music Theatre is an amateur theatre organization based in Windsor, Ontario, dedicated to providing ""Broadway-style"" live theatrical performances to the Windsor-Essex marketplace .
Ratnakar Ramkrushna Matkari is a Marathi writer, a movie and play producer direction of movies and plays .
Dornoch Light Railway was an historic railway in Scotland that ran from The Mound on the Sutherland Railway to the county town of Sutherland, Dornoch .
Danny Spanos is best known for his 1983 Rock and Roll EP ""Passion In The Dark"" which produced the top 40 hit single ""Hot Cherie"" and received big airplay on radio stations nationwide in the summer of 1983 .
Damian Siguenza, known by his stage name, Domino , is an American record producer, manager, DJ, and one of the members of the Oakland, California-based underground hip hop collective, Hieroglyphics .
The Republic of the Rif revolted and declared their independence from Spanish occupation as well as from the Moroccan sultan .
The Free State of Thuringia and important further stages of his career in Thuringia .
Nancy LaMott was a singer, popular on the New York City cabaret circuit in the 1990s .
The Kingdom of Kongo was an African kingdom located in west central Africa in what is now northern Angola, Cabinda, the Republic of the Congo, and the western portion of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Kutacane is a town in Aceh province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Southeast Aceh Regency .
Shatha Amjad Hassoun Alshamery is an Arabic singer from both Iraqi and Moroccan ancestry, who rose to fame as the winner of the 4th season of the pan-Arab television talent show Star Academy Arab World .
Ten Four's objective is to make commercially viable films in the $8–15 million range, financing up to 25% of each budget .
Elizabeth Bienvenu McNulty is a former American beauty queen from Lafayette, Louisiana who competed in the Miss USA pageant in 2007 .
The Federation of Arab Emirates of the South was an organization of states within the British Aden Protectorate in what would become South Yemen .
Kars Province is a province of Turkey, located in the northeastern part of the country .
São Tomé is the capital city of São Tomé and Príncipe and is by far that nation's largest town .
The Kingdom of Bora Bora was established during the early 19th century with the unification of the island of Bora Bora and official recognition by France and Great Britain in 1847 through the Jarnac Convention .
The Jersey City Reporter is a weekly community newspaper serving Jersey City, in Hudson County, New Jersey .
Greylock Partners is one of the oldest venture capital firms, founded in 1965, with committed capital of over $2 billion under management .
Bert Johnson is a Democratic member of the Michigan Senate, representing the 2nd district since 2010 .
The Territory of Washington was an organized incorporated territory of the United States that existed from March 2, 1853, until November 11, 1889, when the territory was admitted to the Union as the State of Washington .
Autonomous okrug , occasionally also referred to as ""autonomous district"", ""autonomous area"", and ""autonomous region"", is a type of federal subject of Russia and simultaneously an administrative division type of some federal subjects .
United Africa Feeder Line is a shipping company founded in 2000 as a regional feeder service in Africa .
Suzanne Enoch is an American author of best-selling contemporary and historical Regency romance novels .
Sugartown is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Beauregard Parish, Louisiana, United States, approximately 16 miles east of DeRidder .
Kuni-kyō was built in the present-day city of Kizugawa in Kyoto Prefecture by the order of Emperor Shōmu .
Christopher King was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives who represented the 142nd District from 2007 to 2008 .
Norman Lebrecht is a British commentator on music and cultural affairs and a novelist .
Horne is a small historic county of the Holy Roman Empire in present Netherlands and Belgium .
Škoda Auto , more commonly known as Škoda, is an automobile manufacturer based in the Czech Republic .
Piya Tan Beng Sin in Singapore to be supported by donations from the Buddhist community .
Jordan William Hunter Luck, MNZM and later moved to Geraldine where he grew up .
Kibi was a kingdom of fourth century Western Japan that acted as a cultural bridge between the Yamato state and the various kingdoms of the Korean peninsula .
Catherine Anderson , is an American best-selling writer of historical and contemporary romance novels since 1988 .
San Jose is the capital of Costa Rica, head of the province of San José, and the nation's largest city .
The Eyalet of Cyprus ; and again an eyalet for the short period from 1745 to 1748 .
Ordubadsky Uyezd of Erivan Governorate of the Russian Empire with its center in Ordubad from 1849 until 1868 .
Burmeister & Wain was a large established Danish shipyard and leading diesel engine producer headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark .
The Croatian Republic of Herzeg-Bosnia concluded that Herzeg-Bosnia was founded with the intention to secede from Bosnia and Herzegovina and unite with Croatia .
Fletcher Building Limited is the largest listed company in New Zealand, with a market capitalisation of over NZ$4 .
Hispania Balearica was a Roman province encompassing the Balearic Islands off the east coast of modern Spain .
Ari Eisinger is a guitarist and singer from Pennsylvania, most noted as a proponent of Piedmont blues guitar from the 1920s-1930s, and as a significant authority on the music of the Rev .
Goodman Games is an American game publisher, best known for the Dungeon Crawl Classics series of adventure modules, the Dragonmech and the award-winning Etherscope role-playing games .
Iberian Union is the anachronistic historical designation of the political union of the Crown of Portugal with the other Iberian crowns - through a dynastic union, under the Spanish branch of the Habsburg monarchy, after the War of the Portuguese Succession - that included all the Iberian Peninsula, the Spanish Empire and the Portuguese Empire, from 1580 to 1640 .
Robert was a financial economist and a pioneer in the field of quantitative investing .
Peter Toh , Peter publicly announced that Planes has recorded their debut album ""Mountainside"", which was released on December 30, 2010 .
John Varty is a South African wildlife filmmaker who has made more than 30 documentaries and one feature film .
Ara Gaya, also known as Ana Gaya, Asiryangguk , breaking its 120-year alliance with Baekje .
The Forum Corporation is a global learning and development firm specializing in strategy execution for companies in a broad array of industries .
Viasat Hockey is a sports channel that is broadcasting from the United Kingdom, primarily targeting Sweden but also available in Finland and Norway .
Linda Lael Miller , is a best-selling American author of more than 100 contemporary and historical romance novels .
Carmen Agra Deedy is an internationally known, award winning author of children’s literature, storyteller and radio contributor .
Phil Callaway, who has achieved notoriety for his humorous writing and speaking, was born July 26, 1961 in Three Hills, Alberta, Canada .
Andrew Johnston is a British singer who rose to fame when he appeared as a boy soprano on the second series of the British television talent show Britain's Got Talent in 2008 .
Hsi Hseng or Hsi-hseng is a town in the Shan State of eastern Burma .
The State Industrial Development Corporation of Uttarakhand Limited is a government of Uttarakhand enterprise which promotes industries and develops industrial infrastructure in the State .
John Michael Marsh is a retired American mixed martial artist who has competed for the UFC, Pride Fighting Championships and International Fight League .
Vongo was a video on demand service, owned by Liberty Media/The Weinstein Company's Starz Entertainment, parent company of the Starz network, that allowed users to download and view movies for a fixed price per month .
A family called Salviati were glass makers and mosaicists in Murano, Venice and also in London, working as the firm Salviati, Jesurum & Co .
BaneTele is a Norwegian part state owned telecommunications company previously part of the Norwegian State Railways .
Robert Oscar Lenkiewicz in 2013, where it became the first overseas exhibition of the artist’s work to date .
Favelle Favco Group is a manufacturer of construction cranes under the brands Favelle Favco and Kroll .
Tamil Nadu Tourism Development Corporation is a state-government Public Sector Undertaking of the Government of Tamil Nadu located in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Taras Mykolayovych Stepanenko is a Ukrainian footballer, who is currently playing for FC Shakhtar Donetsk .
Montferrat rises from the banks of the Tanaro into the mountains of the Apennines and the water divide between Piedmont and Liguria .
Metal Heaven is an independent record label based in Altheim, Germany, established in 2004 as a sub-label of AOR Heaven .
Adorama Camera, Inc is a camera and film equipment store established in 1979 and located in New York City .
Eli Siegel was the poet, critic, and educator who founded Aesthetic Realism, the philosophy that sees reality as the aesthetic oneness of opposites .
Tubmanburg, also known as Bomi and formerly known as Vaitown, is the capital of Bomi County in Liberia .
Gordon Stanfield Animation is an animation service company based in Vancouver, British Columbia with over 20 years of development, pre-production and production experience .
The Azerbaijan Democratic Republic , Russian, Polish, Jewish and German minorities gained seats in the parliament .
Jonathan Little is an American professional poker player who won both the World Poker Tour's Season VI Mirage Poker Showdown and Season VII Foxwoods World Poker Finals and won the WPT Season VI Player of the Year award .
Jeff Austin is a mandolinist and singer best known for being a part of the Yonder Mountain String Band .
Daei Sport's Wears & Equipments is a major Iranian manufacturer of apparel and sports equipment .
The standardized railway station was a type of station constructed primarily on branch lines for the Royal Württemberg State Railways .
Veolia Water Central was a privately owned company supplying water to Hertfordshire and parts of Surrey, North London and Bedfordshire, in England .
CCMP Capital is a private equity investment firm that focuses on leveraged buyout and growth capital transactions .
Aaron Rose is a film director, art show curator and writer who is a key part of the Beautiful Losers art movement, which has featured and helped notarize the work of artists such as Barry McGee, Margaret Kilgallen, Steven ""Espo"" Powers, Chris Johanson, Harmony Korine and Shepard Fairey .
Darren Copeland is an electroacoustic music composer born June 18, 1968 in Bramalea, Ontario, Canada, and currently living in Brampton, Ontario, Canada .
Sean Osborn is a former clarinetist of the Metropolitan Opera Orchestra and a regular substitute in the clarinet section of the Seattle Symphony Orchestra .
Nelson Muntz is a fictional character and the lead school bully from the animated TV series The Simpsons .
Krafty Kuts is an English electronic music, dance music and breakbeat producer and DJ .
Ellen Louise Hopkins is a novelist who has published several New York Times bestselling novels that are popular among the teenage and young adult audience .
The Kingdom of Luba or Luba Empire was a pre-colonial Central African state that arose in the marshy grasslands of the Upemba Depression in what is now southern Democratic Republic of Congo .
The Association for the Scientific Study of Anomalous Phenomena is a UK-based education and research charity, dedicated to scientifically investigate alleged paranormal and anomalous phenomena, with a view to approaching the subject in its entirety rather than looking into the psychology of individual phenomenon .
Country Cookin is a Roanoke, Virginia-based chain of casual dining restaurants established in 1981 featuring Southern cuisine with 15 locations throughout Virginia, mostly in Southwest Virginia, the Shenandoah Valley, and the U .
Austria-Hungary, also known as the Austro-Hungarian Empire and by other names, was a constitutional union of the Empire of Austria and the Kingdom of Hungary that existed from 1867 to 1918, when it collapsed as a result of defeat in World War I .
Tua Pejat is a town within North Sipora District in the Mentawai Islands Regency of West Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the administrative seat of Mentawai Islands Regency .
Founded by Moritz Von Oswald and Mark Ernestus of Rhythm and Sound, Basic Replay is an imprint in the Basic Channel record label family, focusing primarily on reissues of reggae albums and singles .
GTE Corporation, formerly General Telephone & Electronics Corporation as well as an interactive entertainment and video game publishing operation, GTE Interactive Media .
France Antarctique was a French colony south of the Equator, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, which existed between 1555 and 1567, and had control over the coast from Rio de Janeiro to Cabo Frio .
Mantra Lingua is a UK-based publishing house, publishing award-winning multi-lingual resources for children's literacy and science .
Garrison Starr is a singer-songwriter who originally hails from Hernando, Mississippi, a suburb of Memphis, Tennessee .
Jonas Wirmola is a Swedish former football defender who is formerly worked as assistant manager for Halmstads BK and since leaving Halmstad he have become a player agent instead .
Andy Moor and has been part of Indigo, Leama & Moor, Lewis & Moor, Tilt, Whiteroom, and Zoo DJ's .
OddLot Entertainment, founded in 2001 by longtime producers Gigi Pritzker and Deborah Del Prete , is a film production and financing company based in Culver City, California .
Wood Group is a multinational oil and gas services company headquartered in Aberdeen, Scotland .
Bjørn Odmar Andersen was a Norwegian footballer who played for Ørn-Horten, Brann and Strømsgodset .
Gurdev Singh is an Indian-born musician based in London who plays the plucked string instrument sarod .
Snoopadelic Films is an American film production company, founded by rapper Snoop Dogg in 2005, and distributed through MCA .
Supreme Petrochem Ltd is India’s largest producer and exporter of polystyrene polymer based in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India .
Miwa Ueda is a Japanese manga artist known for her works like Peach Girl and Angel Wars .
Kuczmarski & Associates is a Chicago based management consulting firm founded in 1983, specializing in innovation .
Konecranes Plc is a Finnish company, headquartered in Hyvinkää, which specialises in the manufacture and service of cranes and lifting equipment as well as the service of machine tools .
Morley Edward Callaghan, CC OOnt FRSC was a Canadian novelist, short story writer, playwright, TV and radio personality .
Oushadhi or Pharmaceutical Corporation Kerala Ltd is a Ayurvedic medicine manufacturing company situated in Kuttanellur, in Thrissur City of Kerala state .
Ali Elsamni , Ali is from a sporting family; his younger brother Osama Elsamni plays forward for FK Teplice of the Czech Republic, and his father Ibrahim was a player on the Egypt national football team .
Frank Glazer With his wife, Ruth, he founded in the 1970s the Saco River Festival in Maine, a summer chamber series .
Aircraft Spruce & Specialty Co is an American producer of aircraft parts and services including plans for homebuilt aircraft .
Kingdom Building Ministries is an evangelical Christian, parachurch organization that partners with churches, universities, denominations and other ministry organizations to ""Challenge, equip and mobilize Christians to become Kingdom laborers"" .
Angela Malik, she opened her second site, Angela Malik’s Modern Asian Deli in Ealing .
Barton Paul Levenson is an American writer of science fiction, fantasy and the macabre .
FESCO Transportation Group is the largest intermodal transport operator in Russia, which provides its customers a wide range of services and logistical solutions, including marine shipping, rail transportation and port handling via more than 70 sales offices located around the world .
Cape Coast, or Cabo Corso, is a city and fishing port, and the capital of Cape Coast Metropolitan District and Central Region of south Ghana .
Elisabeth ""Liza"" Beresford, MBE was a British author of children's books, best known for creating the Wombles .
TVH – Group Thermote & Vanhalst is a Belgian company active in the market of forklift trucks, aerial work platforms, agricultural tractors and industrial in-plant vehicles .
Tunja is a city located on the eastern range of the Colombian Andes, in the region known as the Altiplano Cundiboyacense, 130 km northeast of Bogotá .
The Autonomist Association was a political party in Fiume, that existed continuously from 1896 to 1914 .
Reading Anthracite Company is a coal mining company based in Pottsville, Pennsylvania in the United States .
Chilpancingo de los Bravo in the south-central part of the state, situated in the Sierra Madre del Sur, on the bank of the Huacapa River .
Christopher Andrews is an actor and writer who lives in Southern California with his wife, Yvonne Isaak-Andrews .
In Greek mythology, Sidero was the second wife of Salmoneus and stepmother of Tyro .
Alexa Wilkinson is an American singer-songwriter, guitarist and trumpet player with two albums to her name: 2007's Lullaby Appetite, partly co-written by Josh Kelley, and Lions, released in 2008 .
Atlassian is an Australian enterprise software company that develops products geared towards software developers and project managers .
Damien Sargue, born 26 June 1981, is a French pop singer known for his performance of Romeo in Gérard Presgurvic's Roméo et Juliette, de la Haine à l'Amour .
South Dakota is a state located in the Midwestern region of the United States .
Barats and Bereta is a web-based sketch comedy duo consisting of Luke Pierre Barats and Joseph Daniel Bereta .
Seven Lights is a privately held, American developer/publisher of multiplayer online games headquartered in Chicago, Illinois .
Attila Adorjany is a commercial illustrator, web designer and motiongraphics designer, creative consultant and a critically acclaimed comic book creator .
Sal Mosca was an American jazz pianist who was a student of Lennie Tristano .
Advance Paper Corporation is one of the major players in the paper industry in the Philippines .
Static Caravan Recordings is an independent record label based in the North West of England, whose artist releases include singles and albums by Darren Hayman, The Hornblower Brothers, Hannah Peel, Erland & the Carnival, Shady Bard, The Yellow Moon Band, Tunng, Peter Astor, Magnetophone, Fieldhead and Serafina Steer .
Commemorative coins in Poland are special coins minted by the Polish Mint and issued by the National Bank of Poland .
Sasini is one of Kenya's major tea and coffee producers, and is one of the country's ""Big 6"" tea producers .
Joe Zakas is a Republican member of the Indiana State Senate representing the 11th district where he has served since 1982 .
Tim's Cascade Snacks, a subsidiary of Pinnacle Foods, is a manufacturer of potato chips and popcorn .
The Siddeley-Deasy Motor Car Company Limited was a British automobile, aero engine and aircraft company based in Coventry in the early 20th century .
Ana Teresa Álvarez Páez, better known as Ana Álvarez, is a Spanish actress and a model born on 19 November 1969 in Jerez de la Frontera, Cádiz .
Anton Oleksandrovych Monakhov is a Ukrainian football defender who last time played for FC Metalurh Zaporizhia in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Communicaid is a British company headquartered in the City of London which offers culture and communication skills training and consultancy, including language training, language testing, cross cultural awareness, communication skills, and international management training .
Michael Hentley was the administrator for the British overseas territory Tristan da Cunha, which is situated in the South Atlantic Ocean .
Cambodian National Insurance Company is a Cambodian private insurance company with 25% of its shares owned by the Royal Government of Cambodia .
The United Kingdom has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 57 times and is one of the most successful countries to compete in the contest .
Kim Cascone is an American composer of electronic music who is known for his releases in the ambient, industrial and electro-acoustic genre on his own record company, Silent Records .
Eurasian Natural Resources Corporation PLC , a private natural resources company headquartered in Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg .
The Ecuadorian national football team has appeared at three FIFA World Cups, the world's premier football tournament for national football teams .
Victor Corrêa is a Brazilian racing driver currently competing in the European F3 Open Championship .
The Sultanate of Nejd was a result of transformation of the Emirate of Riyadh by Abdul Aziz ibn Saud, who in 1921 declared himself Sultan over Nejd and its dependencies, as a monarchy led by the House of Saud .
Janne ""Tempest"" Suni is a Finnish demoscener, pixel artist and tracker musician, and a member of the demogroup Fairlight .
Cultura Sparebank, branded as Cultura Bank, is a Norwegian savings bank in the ethical banking movement that uses its assets on ethical investments .
Suzanne Whang is an American television host, actor, comedian, radio host, published author, minister, writer, producer, and political activist .
Ralph Dana Winter , William Carey International University, and the International Society for Frontier Missiology .
Walking Shadow Theatre Company is a Minneapolis-based professional non-profit theatre company which was founded in 2004 by John Heimbuch, Amy Rummenie and David Pisa with the following aims: to develop the talents of its artists, to nurture audience commitment to the arts, to facilitate dialogue within the community and to examine local culture in a global context .
Capella Education Company is an education services holding company which owns for-profit, online Capella University and other assets .
Portland, Oregon, United States supports a multitude of media, including long-established newspapers, television and radio stations, a number of smaller local art, culture, neighborhood and political publications, filmmaking and, most recently, Internet media development .
The Landgraviate of Hesse-Kassel , known as Hesse-Cassel during its existence, was a state in the Holy Roman Empire under directly subject to the Emperor that came into existence when the Landgraviate of Hesse was divided in 1567 upon the death of Philip I, Landgrave of Hesse .
CoffeeCup Software is an American computer software development company based in Atlanta, Georgia, United States founded in 1996 .
findwell is an online real estate company that provides real estate search and real estate brokerage .
The Principality of Smolensk was a Kievan Rus' lordship from the eleventh to the fifteenth century .
Music Box Films is a distributor of foreign and independent film in theatrical, DVD, and television markets in the United States .
Spirax-Sarco Engineering is a leading British-based manufacturer of boiler and pipeline control valves for steam heating and process plants .
Paul Leeman is a footballer from Northern Ireland, who currently plays for IFA Premiership side Crusaders .
Perlon is an electronic music record label founded in Frankfurt, Germany, based in Berlin, and run by Zip and Markus Nikolai .
Legendo Entertainment is a Sweden-based creator and publisher of games and entertainment properties based on myths, legends, vintage arcade games, comic books, classic novels and historical events .
JMS AG is a German company within the commercial aircraft maintenance & support industry, focusing on Jet Maintenance GSE, tooling and related services .
Nuqul Group, established in 1952, is a conglomerate of 30 companies and one of the Middle East's leading industrial groups .
Jin , was a major state during the middle part of the Zhou dynasty, based near the center of what was then China, on the lands attributed to the legendary Xia dynasty: the southern part of modern Shanxi .
Geoffrey Winzer Gilbert was an English flautist, who was a leading influence on British flute-playing, introducing a more flexible style, based on French techniques, with metal instruments replacing the traditional wood .
Volhynian Governorate was an administrative-territorial unit initially of the Russian Empire, created at the end of 1796 after the Third Partition of Poland from the territory of the short-lived Volhynian Vice-royalty and Wołyń Voivodeship .
Swell Music is a music, sound design, and audio post house based in Los Angeles and San Francisco, California .
General National Maritime Transport Company, more commonly known as GNMTC, is a Libyan State Owned Company which was founded in 1975, with a total capital of 1 .
SACMI is an international manufacturer of machines and complete plants for the ceramic tile, beverage, packaging, quality control process, and plastics industries .
Jones International University , a commission of the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools .
Christian Schulz is a German footballer, currently with German Bundesliga club Hannover 96 as a centre back .
Coherent Solutions is a software development outsourcing company with headquarters in Minneapolis, Minnesota, and an offshore development office in Minsk, Belarus .
The Finger Lakes Railway of ex Conrail trackage, formerly owned by the New York Central Railroad, the Pennsylvania Railroad, and the Lehigh Valley Railroad .
This is a list of States and Union Territories of India by speakers of Kashmiri as of census 2001 .
Criteo is a ""personalized retargeting company"" that works with Internet retailers to serve personalized online display advertisements to consumers that have previously visited the advertiser's website .
Jerry Allen Coyne is an American professor of biology, known for his commentary on intelligent design .
The North Region , who are Islamic pastoralists, and numerous Muslim and animist speakers of Adamawa, Chadic, and Nilo-Saharan languages .
Indrema Entertainment Systems was a consumer electronics company famous for the Indrema L600 Entertainment System, a game console intended for independent game developers .
Constantinos Charalambides is a Cypriot football midfielder currently playing for APOEL in the Cypriot First Division .
The Duchy of Saxe-Marksuhl was one of the Saxon Duchies held by the Ernestine line of the Wettin Dynasty .
Eli Eban is an Israeli-American clarinetist and son of the venerable late Israeli diplomat Abba Eban .
Dylan Vox is an American actor and producer who has worked in television, film and theatre .
Utva Aviation Industry is a manufacturer of general aviation aircraft, located in Pančevo, Serbia .
Susan Derges, is a photographic artist, specialising in camera-less photographic processes, most often working with natural landscapes .
Til Barsip or Til Barsib is an ancient site situated in Aleppo Governorate, Syria by the Euphrates river about 20 kilometers south of ancient Carchemish .
Shawn Lawrence Otto is an American novelist, nonfiction author, filmmaker, political strategist, speaker, science advocate, and screenwriter and co-producer of the movie House of Sand and Fog .
Brendan Muldowney is a graduate of Dun Laoghaire Institute of Art and Design, Ireland .
Alexander Sebastien Lee is an American actor and award-winning filmmaker born and raised in Los Angeles, California .
Salm is the name of several historic countships and principalities in present Germany, Belgium, Luxembourg and France .
Pawnee is a ghost town in Geary County, Kansas, United States, which served as the first official capital of the Kansas Territory in 1855 .
Geoffrey ""Geoff"" Downes , and acting as record producer for various artists including Mike Oldfield and Thompson Twins .
LogoSportswear is an online retailer of custom caps, custom shirts, team uniforms, custom workwear, logo golf shirts and golf tournament gifts, promotional logo items and signs and banners customers can design online any way they like .
Ilyas dynasty or Iliyas dynasty or Iliyas Shahi dynasty was the first independent Muslim ruling dynasty in late medieval Bengal, which ruled from the 14th century to the 15th century .
A temporary capital or a provisional capital is a city or town chosen by a government as an interim base of operations due to some difficulty in retaining or establishing control of a different metropolitan area .
Soldak Entertainment is a small independent company that was founded by Steven Peeler on November 22, 2004 .
William Adams ""Will"" Kimbrough is an American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and producer based in Nashville, Tennessee .
Terabeam was a formerly Kirkland, Washington-based company that designed and manufactured free-space optical transceivers for Internet access in city downtowns .
Pamela Cortes is an Ecuadorian singer, actress and dancer, who has won several awards for her performances .
The Principality of Mingrelia , it remained independent until it became subject to Imperial Russia in 1803 .
Ole 'Iron Fist' Laursen is a Filipino-Danish Welterweight Muay Thai kickboxer and mixed martial artist currently competing in ONE FC's Lightweight division .
South Korea , and commonly referred to as Korea, is a country in East Asia, constituting the southern part of the Korean Peninsula .
Yeast Culture, sometimes spelt yeastCulture is a company engaged in film making and digital media, based in Camden, London .
The Very Reverend David Giuliano , he was subsequently elected to succeed Peter Short as the 39th Moderator of the United Church for a three-year term .
Petro-Canada Mobility is a Canadian Mobile Virtual Network Operator created in late 2006 by gasoline firm Petro-Canada as a competitor to other store based MVNOs like PC Mobile .
Dutch Malacca as their economic and administrative center in the region and their hold in Malacca was to prevent the loss of the city to other European powers and subsequently the competition that would naturally come with it .
Penelope Mary Mordaunt for Portsmouth North since winning the seat at the 2010 United Kingdom general election .
Ngoyo was an Iron Age kingdom state of the Woyo tribe, located in the south of Cabinda .
Chobanids was an Anatolian beylik founded by the dynasty of the same name and controlled the region in and around the northern Central Anatolian city of Kastamonu in the 13th century, ruling as an independent entity in intervals .
Coller Capital, founded in 1990 by Jeremy Coller, is one of the leading global investors in the private equity secondary market .
Micro Forté now known as Micro Forté Studios, is an Australian electronic entertainment company with development studios in Canberra, Australia and Sydney, Australia .
John Cain , Australian Labor Party politician, was the 41st Premier of Victoria, holding office from 1982 to 1990 .
Sharon Tomiko Santos , American politician, is a Washington State representative representing the 37th legislative district .
New Castle is a city in New Castle County, Delaware, six miles south of Wilmington, situated on the Delaware River .
Ben Jerome Davis is an American former professional basketball player who played with the NBA's Phoenix Suns and New York Knicks .
Taedonggang is a brand of North Korean beer brewed by the state-owned Taedonggang Brewing Company based in Pyongyang .
Sepandar David Kamvar , also known as Sep Kamvar, is a computer scientist, artist, and entrepreneur .
Heidi Baker PhD is a Christian missionary and with her husband Rolland are founders of Iris Global and the author of several books .
angel Kyodo Williams is an American writer, ordained Zen priest and the author of Being Black: Zen and the Art of Living with Fearlessness and Grace, published by Viking Press in 2000 .
The National Collegiate Baseball Writers Association , Regional Players of the Year awards, and All-America awards .
Envision Solar is a company that specializes in solar shading structures including the original and patented Solar Tree array .
The Duchy of Carinthia with the town of Malborghetto Valbruna was ceded to the Kingdom of Italy by the 1919 Treaty of Saint-Germain .
Pyu, also spelled Phyu or Phyuu, is a town in Taungoo District, Bago Region in Burma .
Robyn Anne Johnson is a beauty queen from Sheridan, Wyoming who competed in the Miss USA pageant in 2007 .
Marcos Tébar Ramiro is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Brentford in England, as a midfielder .
Bunge Limited is a global agribusiness and food company headquartered in White Plains, United States .
Brian Bedol is an American television executive, entrepreneur, and founder of the sports television channels Classic Sports Network and College Sports Television .
The taifa of Toledo was a Muslim medieval kingdom located in what is now central Spain .
Room to Read is a non-profit organization for improving literacy and gender equality in education in the developing world .
Amanda Rammell is an American actress and former beauty pageant titleholder from Rexburg, Idaho who has competed in the Miss Teen USA pageant and the Miss USA competition .
Monmouthshire Building Society, , is a Welsh building society, which has its head office in Newport, South Wales .
Nasrollah Moein Najafabadi , Born on January 19, 1952 in Najafabad in Isfahan is an Iranian singer .
Westpark Music is a German record label based in Cologne, best known for publishing albums by Gjallarhorn, Oysterband, Hedningarna, Varttina, Bellowhead, Stockholm Lisboa Project, Chumbawamba, Lydie Auvray, Garmarna and many others .
Joseph ""Joey"" Saputo is a Canadian businessman and the president of the Montreal Impact, a professional soccer team he founded in 1993, and Saputo Stadium, named after his family's dairy products company .
Abu Basir al-Tartusi is the assumed name of Abd-al Mun'em Mustafa Halima, a Syrian cleric and jihadist theoretician .
The Urban Energy Policy Institute is an American non-profit, non-partisan organization that aims to serve as a forum for ideas of all persuasions .
Beylik of Tanrıbermiş was a small and short-lived principality in western Anatolia and Ephesus .
Palatinate-Birkenfeld-Bischweiler was a state of the Holy Roman Empire based around Bischwiller in the far northeast of France .
Sunetric is a Hawaii-based photovoltaic solar power company that performs consultation, design, and installation of photovoltaic systems for residential, commercial, military, and non-profit customers .
Gate City Bank is a mutually owned bank headquartered in Fargo, North Dakota, with 34 offices in North Dakota and western Minnesota .
Deepcool is a manufacturer and provider of thermal products for desktops, laptops and servers .
Gary Vaynerchuk is co-founder and CEO of a social media brand consulting agency, video blogger, co-owner and director of operations of a wine retail store, and an author and public speaker on the subjects of social media, brand building and e-commerce .
Not to be confused with the 19th century Great North of England Railway Great North Eastern Railway often referred to as GNER, was a train operating company in the United Kingdom owned by Sea Containers that operated the InterCity East Coast franchise from April 1996 until December 2007, when Sea Containers was stripped of the franchise due to poor financial management .
The Confederate Monument of Morganfield, Kentucky is a monument to Confederate soldiers from surrounding Union County, Kentucky, of which Morganfield is the county seat .
The Marsden Building Society is a UK building society, which has its head office in Nelson, Lancashire .
CITIC Securities Company Limited is a leading full-service investment bank in China, it maintains the leading position on business fronts such as investment banking, brokerage, asset management, investment advisory service, etc .
The Piven Theatre Workshop is located in Evanston, Illinois and was founded by Joyce and Byrne Piven .
Berendsohn AG is a company active on the promotional products market with its headquarters in Hamburg and markets in 14 European states .
Pinstorm is a digital advertising firm headquartered in Mumbai, India with offices in New Delhi, Bangalore, Singapore, Kuala Lumpur, Zurich and Santa Clara .
The Duchy of Milan was a constituent state of the Holy Roman Empire in northern Italy .
Michael Buckley is a best selling children’s book author who is currently writing The Sisters Grimm and the N .
The Lachin Kurdish Republic was self-proclaimed on 20 May, 1992, in Lachin, just two days after this area of Azerbaijan had been captured by Armenian forces and largely emptied of its population as part of the ongoing Nagorno-Karabakh War .
The Umma bank was issued which required the names of all the Commercial banks in Libya to Arabic names .
The Duchy of Sora was a semi-independent state in Italy, created in 1443 by King Alfonso I of Naples and dissolved in 1796 .
The Commonwealth of Nations is a voluntary association of 53 independent and sovereign states and the rest are republics .
Sardhana is a town and a municipal board in Meerut district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
Bolthouse Farms, founded 1915 in Grant, Michigan, is a vertically integrated farm company located in California's San Joaquin Valley and headquartered in Bakersfield, California .
Full Throttle Theatre Company is an organisation based in Townsville, North Queensland, Australia which is primarily focused on promoting theatre and the arts in the region .
Ili or Yili Kazakh Autonomous Prefecture in northernmost Xinjiang is the only Kazakh autonomous prefecture of the People's Republic of China .
BrightSource Energy is an Oakland, California based, corporation that designs, builds, finances, and operates utility-scale solar power plants .
The County of Santa Fiora was a small historical state of southern Tuscany, in central Italy .
Wiltshire Farm Foods is a frozen meals delivery company that specialises in delivering frozen ready meals to customers' homes throughout the United Kingdom .
The Rushmore Reviews is a company based in Aberdeen, Scotland that collects, analyzes and publishes offset well data for participating Operators in the oil industry .
The Chola dynasty also called ""Cholan"" was one of the longest-ruling dynasties in the history of southern India .
Anasaria “Ana Griselda” Vegas Albornoz is a pageant titleholder, was born in La Azulita, Mérida, Venezuela on July 26, 1941 .
Ted Atkatz is the founder of and frontman for the Los Angeles-based alternative rock group NYCO .
Aguascalientes , is one of the 31 states which, with the Federal District, comprise the 32 Federal Entities of Mexico .
Stijn Devolder is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer, riding for UCI ProTeam Trek Factory Racing .
New Red Archives is an independent record label based in California's San Francisco Bay Area, mainly home to punk rock bands .
Metroland Media Group, is a large media, publishing and distribution company operating in the southern part of the Canadian province of Ontario .
The Kingdom of Saxony , lasting between 1806 and 1918, was an independent member of a number of historical confederacies in Napoleonic through post-Napoleonic Germany .
Armenia debuted at the Eurovision Song Contest in 2006 with the song ""Without Your Love"" performed by André .
SavaJe was the developer of the SavaJe OS, a Java OS for advanced mobile phones .
Archbishop Joseph Tawil was the Melkite Greek Catholic eparch for the United States, teacher and theologian .
Temenos Group AG is a company specialising in software for financial services, with its headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland .
“Saraya Aqaba” is a Jordanian private shareholding company, whose founding shareholders include Saraya Jordan, Jordan’s Social Security Corporation, Aqaba Development Corporation, and Arab Bank plc .
Ljube Boškoski , is a Macedonian politician and former Minister of Internal Affairs of the Republic of Macedonia .
The Theme of Paphlagonia of the Byzantine Empire in the namesake region along the northern coast of Anatolia, in modern Turkey .
Mukatsuku Records is a record label based out of London, UK, started in 2006 and owned and run by the DJ and record collector Nik Weston .
For the producer and songwriter of the same name, see Dave Tough was an American jazz drummer associated with both Dixieland and swing jazz in the 1930s and 1940s .
Macecraft Software is a Finnish computer software company founded in 2001 by Jouni Vuorio and Jani Vuorio .
Pirmin Schwegler is a Swiss footballer who plays as a midfielder for TSG 1899 Hoffenheim in the Bundesliga .
CDNetworks, founded in 2000, is a full-service content delivery network , with increasing business in the United States .
Yaren, in earlier times Makwa/Moqua, is a district and constituency of the Pacific nation of Nauru .
Ukash is a UK-based electronic money system that allows users to exchange their cash for a secure code to make payments online .
The Neo-Babylonian Empire was a period of Mesopotamian history which began in 626 BC and ended in 539 BC .
Feonic is a commercial company specialising in the design and development of magnetostrictive audio products as a spin-off from Hull University .
Satpula is a remarkable ancient water harvesting dam or weir located about 800 m of the Tughlaq Dynasty .
Zhang Hanyun , also known as Baby Zhang or Kristy Zhang, is a Chinese singer .
Ahlstrom is a Finnish high performance fiber-based materials company, partnering with leading businesses around the world .
The Bourbon Restoration is the name given to the period of French history following the fall of Napoleon in 1814 until the July Revolution of 1830 .
Gujarat , most of which lies on the Kathiawar peninsula, and a population in excess of 60 million .
Duchy of Belz or principality of Belz was a petty duchy, formed in the late 12th century in Kievan Rus .
Mansour also called Mansour Jafari Mamaghani is an Iranian artist born in Tehran, Iran renowned as a Persian musical artist based in Southern California .
Tchetin Hussein Kazak is a Bulgarian politician of Turkish descent and Member of the European Parliament .
The Disney Worldwide Outreach Program is the Walt Disney Company's charitable division, helping charitable organizations throughout the world, as well as local initiatives .
Piermario Morosini was an Italian professional footballer who last played as a midfielder for Livorno, on loan from Udinese .
Gonzalo Rubio Orbe , as well as a great number of articles in anthropologial journals .
In the history of France, the First Republic, officially the French Republic , was founded on 22 September 1792 during the French Revolution .
Marc Sinden as both actor and producer and is currently directing the 40-part documentary series Great West End Theatres, detailing the history of the 40 major playhouses in London .
Foster City Studio is a video game developer part of SCE Worldwide Studios which is owned by Sony Computer Entertainment .
Walter Goodall George was a nineteenth-century British runner from Calne who after setting numerous world records as an amateur, went professional in part to challenge the mile record-holder William Cummings, defeating him in several highly publicized races .
Recife north of the city, was declared a UNESCO World Heritage site in 1982 .
Cadbury's Chocolate Factory is a working chocolate factory belonging to the Australian division of international confectionery company Cadbury Schweppes, and is located in Claremont, Tasmania, Australia .
IBM Southeast Employees’ Federal Credit Union was formed in 1969 to serve the employees of IBM .
TransNexus, founded in 1997, is a commercial company providing software products for managing peering among VoIP networks .
Ideum is a company based in Corrales, New Mexico that produces multitouch tables and walls, custom interactive web and media applications, and custom hardware .
LUSFiber is a municipally owned subsidiary of Lafayette Utilities System providing Cable Television, Broadband Internet, and Telephone services to the citizens of Lafayette, Louisiana .
TMW Systems is a developer of enterprise management software for the surface transportation services industry, including logistics, freight, trucking and heavy-duty repair and maintenance .
Sonam Gyatso was the first to be created Dalai Lama, although the title was retrospectively given to his two predecessors .
Dara O'Hagan from the University of Ulster and an MSc in Irish Politics and a PhD from Queens University, Belfast .
The Prince-Bishopric of Augsburg was one of the prince-bishoprics of the Holy Roman Empire, and belonged to the Swabian Circle .
Togo have appeared in the finals of the FIFA World Cup on one occasion in 2006 .
Erwin Arturo Frei Bolívar is a Chilean political figure, a former senator and presidential candidate in the 2000 election .
Honiara is the capital city of Solomon Islands, administered as a provincial town on the northwestern coast of Guadalcanal Island .
Ntractive is a privately held software development company based in Grand Forks, North Dakota that markets business software to small to medium sized companies .
Jeremiah Cole Miller is an American mixed martial artist, currently competing in the featherweight division in the UFC .
The Abdulla Fouad Group of Companies was founded in the 1950s in Ras Tanura, Saudi Arabia .
Not to be confused with Tanjung Kupang in JohoreKupang is capital of the Indonesian province of East Nusa Tenggara, and its estimated 2011 population was 349,344 .
The OTC Exchange Of India , also known as the Over-the-Counter Exchange of India, is based in Mumbai, Maharashtra .
Hirt’s Gardens is a retail greenhouse located in Granger Township, Medina County, Ohio that offers unusual and hard-to-find seeds, seedlings, and mature plants ranging from traditional vegetables to rare perennials to exotic houseplants .
Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB is an international specialty healthcare company dedicated to rare diseases, based in Stockholm, Sweden .
Les Bateaux Verts is a ferry company operating a service between Saint-Tropez, Sainte-Maxime, Port Grimaud and Les Issambres .
Sir Alfred Lane Beit, 2nd Baronet was a British Conservative Party politician, art collector and philanthropist and honorary Irish citizen .
The Merry Hempsters is a manufacturer of certified organic and vegan hemp seed oil-based products located in Eugene, Oregon, United States .
Brady Wiseman is a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives, representing District 65 since 2004 .
The Biofuels Center of North Carolina is a private, nonprofit corporate facility located on a 426-acre a year—will be produced in-state from locally grown biomass .
Telestial is a mobile virtual network operator headquartered in Boston with a large share of North America’s international cell phone market .
African empires is an umbrella term used in African studies to refer to a number of historical states in Africa with multinational structures incorporating various populations and polities into a single entity, usually through conquest .
New Delhi is the capital of India and seat of the executive, legislative, and judiciary branches of the Government of India .
The Samuel Griffith Society was founded by former Chief Justice Sir Harry Gibbs, John Stone and others in 1992 .
Sleep It Off Records is a Gainesville, Florida-based independent record label, which was started by the band Less Than Jake in 2008 .
Surakarta Sunanate is a Javanese monarchy centered in the city of Surakarta, in the province of Central Java, Indonesia .
Riohacha, Rio Hacha or Rio de la Hacha rarely called Ahcaóir or Ahcaoir in English and lonic , is a city in the Riohacha Municipality in the northern Caribbean Region of Colombia by the mouth of the Ranchería River and the Caribbean sea, capital city of the La Guajira Department .
Dhar State was a Maratha princely state of India during the British Raj, part of the Central India Agency .
ALT Theatre is an American theater company founded in 2007, that has been noted as a leader of ground-breaking new works in contemporary theatre and dance .
Miho Maeshima , also known as Miho Maejima, is a Japanese model and AV idol who formerly appeared on broadcast television in Japan .
Efstathios ""Stathis"" Aloneftis is a Cypriot footballer who plays for APOEL in the Cypriot First Division .
Shadwell Racing is the Thoroughbred horse racing operations of Sheikh Hamdan bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Deputy Ruler of Dubai .
The James Madison Institute is a free-market American think tank headquartered in Tallahassee, Florida in the United States .
In Greek mythology, Oileus or Oïleus the mother of Ajax, but others stated that the mother of Ajax by Oileus was Alcimache, and yet others asserted that Alcimache was simply another name for Eriopis .
Doublesix is a subsidiary of Kuju Entertainment based in Guildford that develops video games for the digital download market .
Peter Gurney was an author and campaigner for the rights and welfare of guinea pigs .
Niš Eyalet was an administrative unit of the Ottoman Empire located in the territory of present-day southern Serbia and western Bulgaria .
Andria Busic is a Brazilian bassist/vocalist who has worked with such bands as Dr .
Sumangali Cable Vision with presence in most of the cities in Tamil Nadu including Chennai and Coimbatore .
Anouar Hajoui better known as DJ Cut Killer or just Cut Killer is a renowned French DJ of Moroccan origin with a versatile repertoire of hip hop and rap .
Majuro , is the capital and largest city of the Republic of the Marshall Islands .
The Zulu Kingdom, sometimes referred to as the Zulu Empire was a monarchy in Southern Africa that extended along the coast of the Indian Ocean from the Tugela River in the south to Pongola River in the north .
Maros is a town in the South Sulawesi province of Indonesia close to the provincial capital of Makassar .
The Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association established in 1946, is a non-profit membership association serving the military, government, industry, and academia as an ethical forum for advancing professional knowledge and relationships in the fields of communications, information technology, intelligence, and security .
The People's Democratic Republic of Yemen on May 22, 1990, to form the present-day Yemen .
Petersburg Tram Mechanical Factory was the sole supplier of rolling stock for the tram system in St .
The Sultanates of Lanao in Mindanao, Philippines were founded in the 16th century through the influence of Shariff Kabungsuan, who was enthroned as first Sultan of Maguindanao in 1520 .
Chris Neill is a British comedian, producer and writer who features regularly on BBC Radio 4 and BBC Radio Scotland .
Advantage Rent a Car is a car rental company headquartered in San Antonio, Texas which at its peak operated more than 150 U .
Timika is a chartered city , and the capital of Mimika Regency of Papua, Indonesia .
Mansfield State Historic Site is a Louisiana state historic site which preserves the site of the 1864 Battle of Mansfield in the American Civil War .
The Auckland Province was a province of New Zealand from 1853 until the abolition of provincial government in 1876 .
The Taifa of Tortosa was a medieval taifa kingdom which existed for two separate periods: from 1010 to 1060 and from 1081 to 1099 .
Carmine Boal served as the Iowa State Representative from the 70th District from 1999 to 2008 .
Rynagh O'Grady is an Irish actress who is known for Mary O'Leary in the Channel 4 sitcom Father Ted and A Love Divided .
Buchanan is the third largest city in Liberia, lying on Waterhouse Bay, part of the Atlantic Ocean .
The Thing is a fictional character, a superhero that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Looney Ricks Kiss is a Memphis-based full-service architecture firm founded in 1983 by Carson Looney, FAIA, Frank Ricks, AIA, and Richard Kiss, AIA .
Gary Hooper is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward for Norwich City .
Dave Carnie , is a former editor-in-chief of Big Brother Magazine and current writer for numerous publications .
Khurram Hussain Agha is an internationally notable Pakistani amateur snooker player, and current Pakistan No .
Operation Hailstone was a massive naval air and surface attack launched on February 16–17, 1944, during World War II by the United States Navy against the Japanese naval and air base at Truk in the Caroline Islands, a pre-war Japanese territory .
Richard ""Kid"" Strange is an English writer, actor, musician, curator, teacher, adventurer and the founder and front man of seminal mid-1970s protopunk art rock band Doctors of Madness .
Interros is a Russian conglomerate controlled by Russian oligarch Vladimir Potanin with large stakes in mining, metals, energy, finance, retail, real estate and other sectors .
The Taifa of Córdoba was a republican taifa that replaced the teetering Umayyad Caliph as the government of Córdoba and its vicinity in 1031 .
Austrian colonization of Nicobar Islands was a short-lived and unsuccessful attempt of Habsburg Monarchy to make Nicobar Islands a document that ceded the four islands of Nancowry, Kamorta, Trinket and Katchal to Austria .
Mel Ash is a Zen teacher, writer, artist, and performer with a lifelong passion for transformative experience and cultural change .
Santiago del Estero , as it is the first city founded in the actual territory of Argentina .
Purvanchal or Uttaranchal in Uttar Pradesh to its southwest Gorakhpur is the largest city of Purvanchal and it is also called the centre and main city of Purvanchal because it is situated in the heart of purvanchalThere has been a political demand to create a separate state .
Vaughan & Bushnell Manufacturing, also known as Vaughan Manufacturing and branded as simply Vaughan, is an American manufacturing company that specializes in the production of hammers, axes, prybars, and hand saws .
Mikey Cuthbert which includes music from Cuthbert, Foy Vance, Pete Townshend, The Kooks, The Magic Numbers, The Flaming Lips and Razorlight .
Toshiro Kandagawa , born in 1939 in Kyoto Prefecture in Japan, is a renowned contemporary chef, known primarily for his strict following of classic Japanese cooking styles and disdain for modern and ""fusion"" cooking .
The Territory of Papua comprised the southeastern quarter of the island of New Guinea from 1883 to 1975 .
Miracle Recreation is a playground manufacturer in the USA, providing children's playground equipment and amenities for parks and schools, throughout the world .
Aldi Talk is a mobile virtual network operator in Germany, Australia, Belgium, and the Netherlands .
Dolphin Computer Access is a British company that designs, creates and sells software for people who are blind or have vision and print impairments, dyslexia and other specific learning difficulties .
The Kingdom of Aksum or Axum, also known as the Aksumite Empire, was a trading nation in the area of Eritrea and northern Ethiopia , which existed from approximately 100–940 AD .
Hair Cuttery is a United States-based unisex hair salon, founded by Dennis and Ann Ratner in 1974 .
Atlantic Bank Group, commonly known by its French name Groupe Banque Atlantique, is a West African financial services conglomerate, headquartered in Lome, Togo .
QM Investment is a private hedge fund located in Shanghai, China, specializing in agriculture commodity investment .
Sayn-Wittgenstein-Sayn-Altenkirchen , a title which descended through the female line and is now a title of the Grand Duke of Luxembourg .
Karpenisi lies directly to the north of the town, and the foothills of mount Kaliakouda are in the south .
The Taifa of Molina was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed from around the 1080s to 1100 .
Russobit-M is one of the largest distributors of PC games in Russia and the CIS, and is a key player in the PC game industry .
Lincolnshire Co-operative is an independent consumer co-operative in the United Kingdom and is a registered Co-operative and Community Benefit Society .
Agata Szymczewska is a Polish violinist, and a student of Academy of Music in Poznań and Hochschule für Musik und Theater in Hannover, of professors Bartosz Bryła and Krzysztof Węgrzyn .
Michoacán, formally Michoacán de Ocampo and the Park where the Cupatitzio River has its main source .
Beverly Lewis is a Christian fiction novelist and adult and children's author of over 80 books .
Andrew Geoffrey ""Andy"" Kaufman was a popular and eccentric American entertainer, actor, and performance artist .
Blue California is a Southern California, USA, based ingredient manufacturer who manufactures highly purified botanical extracts and specialty ingredients using raw materials from around the world .
Bess Motta is an American actress, singer, choreographer, and exercise demonstrator who appeared in the Canadian produced television series, The :20 Minute Workout which aired for two seasons in 1983 and 1984 .
Katie Buckhaven is a British female singer whose style is an eclectic mix of jazz and folk songs .
Henri Bellery-Desfontaines was a French Art Nouveau painter, decorator and illustrator renowned for his posters, lithographs, tapestries, furniture, bank note designs, typography, and other works of decorative arts .
Stonesoft Corporation was a public company that developed and sold network security solutions based in Helsinki, Finland .
Eesti Energia AS is a private limited energy company in Estonia with its headquarters in Tallinn .
Basil Green Motors is a former car manufacturer and rallye team which is located in Edenvale, Gauteng near Johannesburg, South Africa .
Paddy Cullen is a former Gaelic footballer who was an inter-county goalkeeper and manager with the Dublin senior football team .
Carl Magnus Alexander ""Alex"" Schulman is a journalist, blogger and television and radio personality .
Kristian Prestrud was a Norwegian naval officer and polar explorer who participated in the Amundsen Antarctic Expedition between 1910 and 1912 .
Burges Salmon LLP is a law firm based in Bristol, England, and one of the 50 largest in the UK .
The Dominion of New England in America , composed of present-day Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, and New Jersey .
Monami Co Ltd is a Korean maker of stationery, printer supplies, office supplies, and pens and other writing instruments .
The Frost Belt is a region of the United States generally considered to include New England, the Great Lakes Region, and much of the Midwest .
The Confederate Martyrs Monument at the Jeffersontown City Cemetery in Jeffersontown, Kentucky marks where four Confederate soldiers were executed ""without cause or trial"", due to Order #59, the creation of Union General Stephen G .
The Free State of Mecklenburg-Schwerin was a state in the Weimar Republic that was established in 1918 following the abdication of the Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin following the German Revolution .
Aeningia is an island mentioned in the Natural History by Pliny the Elder, written in the 1s century CE .
Bob's Stores is a chain of 35 retail stores in the northeastern United States owned by Versa Capital Management .
Maggie O'Farrell is a Northern Irish author of contemporary fiction, who features in Waterstones' 25 Authors for the Future It is possible to identify several common themes in her novels – the relationship between sisters is one, another is loss and the psychological impact of those losses on the lives of her characters .
Leonard Preyra is a Canadian politician and member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly, representing the riding of Halifax Citadel-Sable Island for the Nova Scotia New Democratic Party .
Kajeet is a prepaid wireless provider operating as a Sprint-based mobile virtual network operator that began selling phones to the general public in March 2007 through its website .
The Republic of North Peru was one of the three constituent Republics of the short-lived Peru–Bolivian Confederation of 1836–39 .
Harold Hudson Channer is a talk-show host on public-access television cable TV network Manhattan Neighborhood Network, or MNN .
Sidikalang is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Dairi Regency .
Hesse-Homburg was formed into a separate landgraviate in 1622 by the landgrave of Hesse-Darmstadt; it was to be ruled by his son, although it did not become independent of Hesse-Darmstadt until 1668 .
Richmond Wilcox Landon was an American athlete who competed mainly in the high jump .
The Central Bank of the Dominican Republic was established by the Monetary and Banking Law of 1947 as the central bank of the Dominican Republic, responsible for regulating the country's monetary and banking system .
Île Fourchue, also known as Île Fourche is an island between Saint-Barthélemy and Saint Martin, belonging to the Collectivity of Saint Barthélemy .
Nana Natsume is a Japanese film actress, a former AV idol and a well-known celebrity in Japan .
Sakala County was an ancient Estonian county first mentioned in print by Henry of Latvia in the beginning of the 13th Century .
Magdolna Rúzsa , Hungary's nationwide talent search, that resembles, but is not based on, Pop Idol .
Palatinate-Birkenfeld-Gelnhausen was a state of the Holy Roman Empire based around Gelnhausen in the south of modern Hesse, Germany .
Michael Geoffrey ""Mike"" Skinner is an English rapper, musician, record producer, and actor, best known for the music project The Streets .
Bruno Tabacci is an Italian politician, member of the Chamber of Deputies, now in the new centrist electoral list Democratic Centre for the Alliance for Italy party .
Oliver James Fisher is an English professional golfer who plays on the European Tour .
Tacit Software was a company that provided expertise and knowledge search software for enterprises and consumers .
Le Book is a global network and resource that offers exposure to companies and members of the creative community .
Republic Broadcasting Network is a satellite, shortwave, and Internet radio operation based in the state of Texas .
Rodney Martineau ""Rod"" Burstall is a British computer scientist and one of four founders of the Laboratory for Foundations of Computer Science at the University of Edinburgh .
Gary Tyler has been a prisoner in Louisiana since 1975, when he was convicted at age 17 of the 1974 shooting death of a 13-year-old white boy .
Peter 'The Man in the Cap' McDermott reigning All-Ireland Champions Meath at Croke Park in October 1967 under Gaelic football rules .
Heraklion is the largest city and the administrative capital of the island of Crete, Greece .
Energy Company of Ukraine is a dissolved state-owned holding company for electricity assets in Ukraine under Ministry of Fuel and Energy .
The Prince-Bishopric of Würzburg was an ecclesiastical principality of the Holy Roman Empire located in Lower Franconia west of the Prince-Bishopric of Bamberg .
The Grand Duchy of Westarctica is a micronation created by American Travis McHenry, which claims Marie Byrd Land .
Nazarene Publishing House , the publishing arm of the Church of the Nazarene, was the largest publisher of Wesleyan-Holiness literature in the world .
JoMoX Elektronische Musikinstrumente GmbH is German electronic musical instrument manufacturer founded in 1997 in Berlin .
Sascha Gerstner is a German musician and songwriter, best known as one of the guitarists and backing vocalists of power metal band Helloween since 2003 .
Commemorative coins in Romania are special coins minted by the State Mint and issued by the National Bank of Romania .
Mathias Rüegg is a European musician, composer, and bandleader best known as founder and director of the Vienna Art Orchestra from 1977 to 2010 .
Farid al-Atrash, also written Farid Elattrache was a Syrian–Egyptian composer, singer, virtuoso oud player, and actor .
Mo'men is a chain of fast food restaurants based in Cairo, Egypt, specializing in sandwiches .
The Republic of Mountainous Armenia forces under command of Garegin Nzhdeh, following the suppression of the February Uprising in April 1921 .
Acision is a privately held mobile communications network infrastructure company specialising in messaging and charging systems that enable popular services such as Short message service , mobile internet browsing, Mobile Broadband and voicemail .
Tele Antillas HIJB - Canal 2 is a television network operating out of Santo Domingo in the Dominican Republic .
Carla Constanza Peterson in 2006, where she played beside of Natalia Oreiro and Facundo Arana .
Duki Dror דוקי is a director, producer and documentary filmmaker whose films deal largely with issues of migration, identity and displacement .
The Gondrand Group is an international freight forwarding and logistics provider for land transports, sea freight, air freight and contract logistics .
Brian James , won five league championships with Glenbrook North High School, and appeared in the Illinois state tournament four times .
PreEmptive Solutions is a Cleveland-based software company founded in 1996 by Gabriel Torok, Paul Tyma, and William Leach .
Canyon Creek Food Company is a food processing company based in Edmonton, Alberta that provides fresh soups and other prepared food products geared towards health conscious consumers .
The Institute for Artist Management, branded as INSTITUTE, is an artist management company, which manages some 23 creative artists .
Naya Qila also spelled as Naya Quila is an extended portion of Golconda Fort, in Hyderabad, India .
Karl Salomo Zachariae von Lingenthal, , German jurist, was born at Meissen in Saxony, the son of a lawyer and was the father of Karl Eduard Zachariae .
Yuk Yuk's is a national comedy club chain in Canada, founded by former stand-up comedian Mark Breslin and established in 1976 by Breslin and long-time friend Joel Axler .
The Hong Kong Council of Social Service is a council co-ordinating NGOs in the social service field in Hong Kong, established in 1947 .
Paramount Universal Bank Limited ,commonly referred to as Paramount Bank, is a commercial bank in Kenya .
Lason is a provider of document management outsourcing services, including imaging, mail processing, data capture, document DNATM, and output .
Boghammar Marin AB is a small family-owned company on Lidingö, Sweden that specializes in the construction and building of aluminium boats like fast patrol boats, police boats, passenger vessels, sea fisheries/protection vessels and so on .
Masayoshi ""Masa"" Takayama is the chef and owner of Masa, a three-Michelin-starred Japanese and sushi restaurant in Manhattan, New York City .
Ignacio Peña Vidal, better known as Ignacio Peña; is a Puerto Rican rock singer/songwriter, musician, producer, video director and editor, and multimedia creator .
Speedy Gonzales , and a red kerchief, similar to that of some traditional Mexican attires .
Roger Fan is an American actor of film, theatre and episodic television best known for his collaborations with Justin Lin and his appearances in the films Annapolis, Finishing the Game and Better Luck Tomorrow .
Leandro Daniel Somoza is an Argentine football midfielder who plays for Vélez Sarsfield in the Argentine Primera División .
Handan Iron and Steel Group or Hansteel is a state-owned iron and steel enterprise engaging in the manufacturing, processing and sales of black metal, billet, steel rolling, carbamide, sintering mineral, metallurgical machinery parts and coke .
Vintage Real Estate is a private investment firm founded by Fred Sands and is headquartered in Los Angeles, California .
Danny Elliott Means II or better known by his stage name, Butch Cassidy, is an American G-Funk rapper .
Bouygues Telecom is a French mobile phone, Internet service provider and IPTV company, part of the Bouygues group .
The Scholarship Performers are a theater group in Rhode Island, United States that is dedicated to providing scholarships in the Burrillville area of the state .
Jodi Tymeson is a former Iowa State Representative from the 77th and 73rd Districts .
Aaron Cohen is an Israeli-American writer, director, actor, author and former Duvdevan Special Forces operator specializing in counter-terrorism and best known for his international bestselling memoir Brotherhood of Warriors .
Happy's Pizza is an American regional chain of restaurants, serving pizza, ribs, chicken, seafood, sandwiches, pasta and salad .
The Bishopric of Regensburg of the Holy Roman Empire, located in what is now southern Germany .
Secession in the United States properly refers to State secession, which is the withdrawal of one or more States from the Union that constitutes the United States; but may loosely refer to cleaving a State or territory to form a separate territory or new State, or to the severing of an area from a city or county within a State .
SportSouth is an American regional sports network that is operated as an affiliate of Fox Sports Networks .
Franco-Nevada Corporation is a Toronto, Canada based company that owns royalties and streams in gold mining and other commodity and natural resource investments .
Wyomia Tyus is an American athlete, and the first person to retain the Olympic title in the 100 m .
Pierluigi Giombini was born in a family of musicians: his father Marcello Giombini was a composer of secular music and film music as well as being interested in electronic music .
Palopo or Kota Palopo is one of the autonomous cities in South Sulawesi Province of Indonesia, and the third-largest city in the province .
Huldreslåt is a Scandinavian Folk band that was born not in Scandinavia but in Buenos Aires, Argentina, in the year 2006 .
Ben Massarella is a percussionist and drummer best known for his work with the American rock bands Califone and Red Red Meat .
Medard Gabel is a noted author and speaker who co-founded World Game Institute with Buckminster Fuller .
Blackland Records is an independent record label that was incorporated in 2005 by John Kent and Tim Wheeler .
Ilkley Upstagers' Theatre Group, or simply Upstagers, is a well-known amateur theatre group based in Ilkley, West Yorkshire .
Wheeling is a city in the State of West Virginia and is the county seat of Ohio County, but also has some subdivisions in Marshall County .
Soeng Hyang Soen Sa Nim is a Zen Master and the Guiding Teacher of the international Kwan Um School of Zen, and successor to the late Seung Sahn Soen Sa Nim .
Chocolate City is a Nigerian record label founded in 2005 by lawyer Audu Maikori along with Paul Okeugo and Yahaya Maikori .
Anthony Perosh is an Australian mixed martial artist and Brazilian jiu-jitsu practitioner currently competing in the Ultimate Fighting Championship's Light Heavyweight division .
StudioCanal UK is a film distributing company working in the United Kingdom and Ireland .
Defense of the Federated States of Micronesia is the responsibility of the United States, but local police matters are handled by the FSM National Police, a small federal national police force, a division of the Department of Justice .
Jesús Eduardo González Veliz is a Mexican-American professional boxer in the Super Middleweight division .
The Art of Shaving is an American chain of retail establishments that sells high-end shaving supplies, skin care and related grooming products .
Bertrand Bitz is a Swiss singer and songwriter, born on March 2, 1978 in Nax .
Urban Brain Studios is a Studio City, CA based software company that develops video game design tools for PC .
Grey Gull Records was a record label based in Boston, Massachusetts, United States of America from 1919 through 1930 .
Bobby Nelson Poe , also known as The Poe Kat, had a long and varied career in the music business .
The Birmingham Mint, a coining mint, originally known as Heaton's Mint or Ralph Heaton & Sons, in Birmingham, England, started producing tokens and coins in 1850 as a private enterprise, separate from, but in cooperation with the Royal Mint .
The Alamo Plaza Hotel Courts brand was the first motel chain in the United States of America, founded by Edgar Lee Torrance in Waco, Texas in 1929 .
The Empire of Great Fulo, also known as the Denanke Kingdom or Denianke Kingdom was a pre-Islamic Pulaar kingdom of Senegal, which dominated the Futa Tooro region .
Budvanska Rivijera is a tourist company that owns hotels within the Municipality of Budva in Montenegro .
GM Uzbekistan for the manufacturing of automobiles, and is located in Asaka, UzbekistanThe JV originally was founded in 1996 between the Uzbek government and the South Korea based Daewoo, and was initially known as UzDaewoo Auto .
Jiangsu Expressway Company Limited is a road constructions and operations enterprise incorporated in the People's Republic of China .
Kutai, or Dayak Kutai, is a historic region in East Kalimantan in Indonesia on Borneo and also name of Dayak people on the region with a language of the same name and their historic .
Taryn Leigh Foshee , a Clinton, Mississippi native, is a beauty queen who won the 2003 Miss Clinton pageant while a pupil at Hillcrest Christian School and received a commendation from the Mississippi Legislature .
Ronaldo Souza dos Santos , is a Brazilian mixed martial artist, submission grappler and Brazilian jiu-jitsu practitioner competing in the UFC's Middleweight division .
Gikongoro Province was one of the former twelve provinces prior to its dissolution in January 2006 .
For the current airline, see Hamburg AirwaysHamburg Airlines was a small German airline which operated from 1988 to 1997 .
In Greek mythology, Tenages was one of the Heliadae, a son of Rhodos and Helios .
Freshii is a Canadian fast-food franchise that serves burritos and wraps, soups, salads and frozen yogurt .
Halle was one of the three Regierungsbezirke of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany, located in the south of the country .
Santa Rita District, Alto Paraná Department, Paraguay, was established 4 December 1989 by Law 58/90 sanctioned 16 March 1990 .
Addeo Music International is an international jazz booking agency established in 2008 that works with a number of internationally acclaimed artists .
Tata Communications Limited, together with its Tata Communications subsidiary, is a global provider of managed communications services to multi-national enterprises and service providers .
McGlinchey Stafford is a United States-based law firm focusing on corporate defense litigation with offices in twelve cities in seven states, including the District of Columbia .
Angela Elwell Hunt is a prolific Christian author, and her books include The Tale of Three Trees, The Debt, The Note, and The Nativity Story, among others .
Dic Edwards is a British playwright and poet with more than 20 productions to his name .
KWG Property Holdings Limited is one of the largest privately owned property developers in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China .
Fenghao is the modern name of the twin city formed by the Western Zhou capitals of Feng and Hao on opposite banks of the Feng River near its confluence with the Wei River in Shaanxi, China .
Terry Avon Redlin is an American artist popular for painting outdoor themes and wildlife, often pictured in twilight, as widely collected as prints .
Human Rights Publishers is an international publishing group, founded in 2004 by three organizations: Human Rights Publishers, Prague; Izdatelstvo Prava Cheloveka, Moscow; and Izhevsk-based NGO «Redaktsiya zhurnala Pravozaschitnik» .
Celtic Football Club are a professional football club based in Glasgow, Scotland which plays in the Scottish Premiership .
Robert Ralston at Los Angeles's Coconut Grove nightclub, where in 1962, Welk invited him on his show as a guest musician .
Werc Werk Works is an independent film production and finance company founded by Elizabeth Redleaf and Independent Spirit Award nominated producer Christine Kunewa Walker .
Heidi ""Pepper"" Steiger is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Nicky Whelan .
Justin Frankel is an American computer programmer best known for his work on the Winamp media player application and for inventing the gnutella peer-to-peer network .
Ashmore Group plc is a large British investment manager dedicated to the emerging markets .
Carolina del Valle Cerruti Duijm is Miss World Venezuela 1983 and the daughter of former Miss World 1955, Susana Duijm .
ABN Newswire disseminates full-text news announcements and media from companies and organizations worldwide to news media, financial markets, disclosure systems, investors, information web sites, mobile devices, databases and other audiences .
Allphones is an Australian telecommunications retailer which specialises in offering a wide range of mobile and broadband related services across a range of carriers .
The American Society of Magazine Editors is an industry trade group for editors of magazines published in the United States .
The University of Florida Investment Corporation is a wholly owned subsidiary of the University of Florida, charged with managing the University's endowment, foundations, research endeavors, and the University Athletic Association .
The Worshipful Company of Security Professionals is the 108th Livery Company of the City of London .
WACO Classic Aircraft Corporation, founded in 1983 as the Classic Aircraft Corporation and located in Battle Creek, Michigan, is a manufacturer of general aviation airplanes .
The Far North Region , is the northernmost constituent province of the Republic of Cameroon .
Gregory Stuart Lee White better known as Vince White, was one of the guitarists recruited by The Clash to replace Mick Jones after he was fired from the band in 1983 .
In Greek mythology, Iamus was the son of Evadne, a daughter of Poseidon, sired by Apollo .
The British Central Africa Protectorate was a protectorate proclaimed in 1889 and ratified in 1891 that occupied the same area as present-day Malawi: it was renamed Nyasaland in 1907 .
CooRie is a self-produced Japanese music unit by singer-songwriter Rino that performs songs for anime and games .
The district of Mersch was one of the four districts of Luxembourg between 1857 and 1867 .
Victor Technology LLC is a supplier of printing calculators, scientific calculators, financial calculators, basic calculators, and desktop accessories with headquarters in Bolingbrook, Illinois .
KIT digital was a video management software and services company before filing bankruptcy in April 2013 .
Russification is a form of cultural assimilation process during which non-Russian communities, voluntarily or not, give up their culture and language in favor of the Russian one .
Katherine Patricia Irene Adams, Baroness Adams of Craigielea is a Scottish Labour Party peer, who served as Member of Parliament in the constituency of Paisley North from 1990 to 2005 .
Varbitsa is a village in northern Bulgaria, part of Pleven Province, Pleven Municipality, 13 km north-east from Pleven city .
Acron Group is a Russian group of interrelated companies and one of the leading global mineral fertilizer producers in the world .
The Vermont Housing Finance Agency is chartered as a private non-profit agency to finance and promote affordable housing opportunities for low- and moderate- income Vermonters .
In atomic physics and quantum chemistry, the electron configuration is the distribution of electrons of an atom or molecule in atomic or molecular orbitals .
Betsy Hands is a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives, representing District 99 since 2007 .
Rhoda Griffis is an American actress, perhaps best known for playing supporting roles both in independent and mainstream films and television .
New Century Capital Partners LLC is an independent investment banking firm focused on technology and digital media .
Sealion Shipping Limited is a British shipping and consultancy company specialized on the support of the offshore oil and gas industry .
Radio y Televisión de Andalucía is a public radio and television broadcaster in Andalusia, Spain .
AS Røra Fabrikker is a Norwegian company that is located in Røra in the municipality of Inderøy in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway .
Softtek is a Mexican based information technology company, operating in North America, Latin America, Europe and Asia .
Margaret Mazzantini which was adapted into a film of the same name and is directed by her husband Sergio Castellitto and stars Penélope Cruz .
Steven Leslie ""Steve"" Kagen is an American politician and physician who was the U .
The Oceanic Steam Navigation Company or White Star Line of Boston Packets, more commonly known as just White Star Line, was a prominent British shipping company, today most famous for their ground-breaking vessel Oceanic of 1870, and the Olympic class ocean liners, including the ill-fated RMS Titanic .
Grinlandia mentioned in several of the novels, but none of them are identified as a capital .
Alex White is a multi-instrumentalist who, along with brother Tom, forms the nucleus of Brighton band The Electric Soft Parade .
Scott Edward Adkins is an English actor and martial artist who is currently living in USA and who is best known for playing Yuri Boyka in Undisputed II: Last Man Standing and Undisputed III: Redemption, Bradley Hume in Holby City, Ed Russell in Mile High and as Hector in The Expendables 2 .
Doug Duffey is a singer, songwriter, pianist, bandleader, music arranger, record producer, music publisher, poet, diarist, photographer and visual artist .
Donald Campbell Clark Ford is a Scottish former international footballer, best remembered for his 11-year playing stint with Heart of Midlothian .
Amin Jensen is a Danish actor and comedian best known as television host for the popular Danish musical game show, Hit Med Sangen .
ILVA is a Danish chain of furniture stores, offering mostly Scandinavian-style bed-, dining- and living room products .
Sailana State was a princely state in India during the British Raj with an area of 769 km² .
Banque Zitouna is the first Islamic bank in Tunisia and the Maghreb region with the capital of $30 million, aiming at developing Islamic loan and saving products for businesses and individuals .
Bridgetown southeast of Bridgetown city centre, and has daily flights to major cities in the United Kingdom, United States, Canada and the Caribbean .
Cubika is an Argentine Software development and maintenance company directed at the corporate segment and based on new technologies such as Java , SOA, .
Bonefish Grill is an American casual dining seafood restaurant chain owned and operated by Bloomin' Brands, headquartered in Tampa, Florida .
Atlantic Center for the Arts is a nonprofit, interdisciplinary artists’ community and arts education facility providing artists an opportunity to work and collaborate with contemporary artists in the fields of composing, visual, literary, and performing arts .
MaryJanice Davidson is an American author who writes mostly paranormal romance, but also young adult literature and non-fiction .
The United Nations Transitional Authority in Cambodia , had its own radio station and jail, and been responsible for promoting and safeguarding human rights at the national level .
Henk Angenent is a retired Dutch speed skater, specialising in marathon skating and the longer distances .
Nekobukuro Cat's House is a petting zoo for cats located on the eighth floor of the Ikebukuro Tokyu Hands store .
The Munster Republic was an informal and affectionate term used by Irish republicans to refer to the territory they held in the province of Munster at the start of the Irish Civil War .
MXW Pro Wrestling is an independent professional wrestling promotion founded and operated by former ECW manager and color commentator Joel Gertner .
HipSoft is a Redmond, Washington-based developer of casual video games founded in 2002 by three of the original founders of Monolith Productions: Brian Goble, Garrett Price, and Bryan Bouwman .
Yinmabin is a town and seat of the Yinmabin Township in the Sagaing Division in central Myanmar some 100 kilometres west of Mandalay .
Raj Chouhan is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia as the MLA for Burnaby-Edmonds in the 2005 provincial election .
Shea Curry is an American actress, perhaps best known for her role as the Lady's Maid Brigitte in The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement as Jenni .
Adlène Guedioura is a French born Algerian international footballer who plays as a midfielder for Crystal Palace .
Ada ""Ace"" Vélez is a Puerto Rican female professional boxer who lives in Hollywood, Florida .
Salakanagara kingdom is the first historically recorded Indianized kingdom in Western Java, created by Indian trader after marrying a local Sundanese princess .
Ahmad Badreddin Hassoun — or Ahmad Badr Al-Din Hassoun — has been the Grand Mufti of Syria since July 2005 .
Matheus Leite Nascimento , simply known as Matheus, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Ukrainian club FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk as a forward .
French Sudan under Modibo Keita became the most significant political force pushing for independence .
Effortel SA is a Mobile Virtual Network Enabler , and acts as an MVNO itself in partnership with Carrefour .
Abarth is a racing car and road car maker founded by Carlo Abarth of Turin in 1949 .
Aurecon is an engineering, management, design, planning, project management, consulting company based in Australia and South Africa .
Mark-to-market or fair value accounting refers to accounting for the ""fair value"" of an asset or liability based on the current market price, or for similar assets and liabilities, or based on another objectively assessed ""fair"" value .
Britannia Superior was one of the provinces of Roman Britain created around 197 AD by Emperor Septimius Severus immediately after winning a civil war against Clodius Albinus, a war fought to determine who would be the next emperor .
The Banu Qasi, Banu Kasi, Beni Casi or Banu Musa were a Basque Muladi dynasty that ruled the upper Ebro valley in the 9th century, before being displaced in the first quarter of the 10th century .
Eugenio Tavolara was an artist born in Sassari, Sardinia, Italy, with interests in many disciplines .
Cindy Marie Helene Plosjö is a Swedish model for magazines such as Cafe, Moore and Slitz .
Consorcio ARA is a Mexico-based construction company specialized in the construction, maintenance and commercialization of low-income, affordable entry-level, middle-income and residential buildings .
Derek Lam is an American fashion designer, known for using pretty, feminine fabrics combined with clean silhouettes .
Kingdom of Balhara is a fringe theory of some Bulgarian scientists place the date 7/6th century BC .
R&P Centre «Promelectronica» — The leading Russian company in the field of railway automatics and telemechanics .
The Reichskommissariat Norwegen was the civilian occupation regime set up by Nazi Germany in German-occupied Norway during World War II .
DLR Group is an architectural design firm providing architecture, engineering, planning, and interior design to clients throughout the United States .
Ciputat is a district in the city of South Tangerang, Banten, Indonesia and is inside the Greater Jakarta metropolitan area .
Gary Owen Lane for three seasons with the Cleveland Browns and the New York Giants from 1966 to 1968 .
Zou , was a minor state that existed during the Zhou Dynasty of ancient China .
Serif Ltd is an independent developer and publisher of software and was founded with the aim to develop low-cost alternatives to high-end desktop publishing and graphic design packages for the PC .
Bao Xian Fei is a wushu expert who lives and teaches wushu in the Netherlands .
Amna Buttar is a Pakistani Medical Doctor and a Member of Provincial Assembly of the Punjab .
PT Lapindo Brantas Inc is an Indonesian oil and gas exploration company, initially established as a joint venture between PT .
Karen Platt is a British gardening author and publisher, best known for the reference book Black Magic and Purple Passion .
In the context of the 20th-century history of the United States, the Second Great Migration was the migration of more than five million African Americans from the South to the North, Midwest and West .
The National Association of Cider Makers is an industry trade group that represents the UK cider industry .
The Video Journalism Movement, abbreviated VJ Movement, is a business and foundation headquartered in The Hague, Netherlands .
Shanti Dut is an award winning Hindi language newspaper published weekly in Suva Fiji and is owned by Mahendra Motibhai Patel .
Adam ""Messy"" Messinger is a Grammy Award winning Canadian songwriter, producer, and multi-instrumentalist currently based in Los Angeles, California .
The Dark Lady Players are a New York-based Shakespeare company who perform what they regard as the religious allegories in the Shakespearean plays .
Tami Wiencek is a former member of the Iowa legislature, representing the 21st District in the Iowa House of Representatives from 2007 to 2009 .
Thomond is a region of Ireland associated with County Clare, County Limerick, north County Kerry and north County Tipperary; effectively most of north Munster .
JAM IP is a contact centre services organisation, specialising in consulting, professional services, software development, systems integration and managed services .
Jacob ""Jake"" Spiker Gibb is an American professional beach volleyball player, currently on the AVP Tour with current partner, Casey Patterson .
Moogo was an online website builder, which was designed for users who had little or no prior experience in website design, HTML or computer programming .
Iain Jenkins is an English-born former footballer who represented Northern Ireland at international level .
Eurysaces in Greek mythology was the son of the Telemonian Ajax and the former-princess captive-slave girl Tecmessa .
Avatele, , is a village on the southwest coast of Niue with a population of roughly 200 residents as of late 2007 .
The Lourdes Health System consists of two hospitals, Our Lady of Lourdes Medical Center in Camden, New Jersey and Lourdes Medical Center of Burlington County in Willingboro, New Jersey .
The Free Knowledge Foundation is an organization aiming to promote Free Knowledge, including Free Software and Free Standards .
Patusan is a fictional country originating in the novel Lord Jim by Joseph Conrad, published in 1900 .
The Cape Colony was a British colony in present-day South Africa and Namibia, named for the Cape of Good Hope .
Fortress Investment Group, LLC is a leading global investment management firm based in New York City .
Continental Airport Express is a private shuttle van and bus service operating between Chicago's O'Hare International Airport, Chicago's Loop and various Chicago city and suburban hotels .
Peter Roth is an Israeli singer and record producer, and a member of the Israeli rock band Monica Sex .
Backyard Farms is a Portland, Maine agricultural company specializing in massive greenhouses to produce vine-ripened tomatoes .
Reginald Jeeves is a fictional character in a series of humorous short stories and novels by P .
General Shopping is a Brazilian shopping mall management company headquartered in São Paulo and founded in 1989 .
National Bank of Kenya , also known as National Bank, is a commercial bank in Kenya, the largest economy in the East African Community .
NedTrain are the locomotive and rolling stock maintenance and repair company of the Dutch Railways company, Nederlandse Spoorwegen .
Mississippi Power , Singing River EPA, Southern Pine EPA, Dixie EPA, Pearl River EPA, and East Mississippi EPA - and one municipality, City of Collins, with wholesale electric power which, in turn, they resell to customers in southeast Mississippi .
Sea of Tunes was a music publishing company, founded in 1962 by Murry Wilson, father to three of the Beach Boys , to publish and promote the original songs written by Brian and Mike .
The Bench of Counts of Westphalia was one of the four comital benches of the Reichstag in the Holy Roman Empire .
Play it by Ear Productions was an audio theatre production company devoted to the development and distribution of original plays for radio, the internet, and compact disc; the company was founded in 2002 by actor producer Lance Roger Axt in New York City, New York .
Green Tomato Ltd is a mobile application service provider established in 2003 and headquartered in Hong Kong .
uniq is a Unix utility which, when fed a text file, outputs the file with adjacent identical lines collapsed to one .
The Allensbach Institute, formally the Allensbach Institute for Public Opinion Research or Allensbach Institute for Public Opinion Polling , is a private conservativeopinion polling institute based in Allensbach, Baden-Württemberg, Germany .
The Republic of New Granada was a centralist republic consisting primarily of present-day Colombia and Panama with smaller portions of today's Ecuador, and Venezuela .
Tongil Group is a South Korean business group as a nonprofit organization which would provide revenue for the church .
North American Medical Management develops and manages provider networks, offering a full range of services to assist physicians and other providers in their managed care and business operations .
Marchesa is a brand specializing in high end womenswear, established in 2004 by Georgina Chapman and Keren Craig .
Pol-ka Producciones is a television and film production company in Buenos Aires, Argentina, commonly referred to as Pol-ka .
Wied was a County of Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, located on the river Wied where it meets the Rhine .
Bridgepoint Education is a San Diego, California-based publicly held, for-profit education services company which owns online and campus-based Ashford University and University of the Rockies, a continuing education school Denver Learning Institute and proprietary technologies, such as Constellation, Thuze and Waypoint Outcomes .
Westshore Terminals Income Fund is a leading operator of coal export facilities in the Metro Vancouver area, with an export capacity of 29 million tones per year, handing around 200 ships per year .
BACCES is a non-profit charitable organisation which was originally set up in 1970 by two British European Airways stewards who wrote a comedy review and staged it at York House, Twickenham, UK for two nights .
Nathan Abraham Lauren Fagan-Gayle , known commercially as Nathan and more recently Starboy Nathan, is an English R&B singer, most famous for his Top 40 singles ""Come into My Room"" and ""Diamonds"" .
Tom Smith is a rugby union coach and former player born in London, England who represented Scotland and the Lions .
Alexander Petrovich Pogrebinsky is a Ukrainian-born American painter, the creator of the school of philosophical realism .
Galatia was the name of a province of the Roman Empire in Anatolia , in 25 BC, covering most of formerly independent Celtic Galatia, with its capital at Ancyra .
Rio Grande do Sul is a state located in the southern region of Brazil .
Cássio Albuquerque dos Anjos, simply known as Cássio , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club Rio Ave F .
The Electorate of Bavaria was an independent hereditary electorate of the Holy Roman Empire from 1623 to 1806, when it was succeeded by the Kingdom of Bavaria .
Neowiz Games is an online game publisher in South Korea, with its own game portal, Pmang, publishing and servicing 41 diverse games of various genres, from sport to web board games .
Samchuly, is a leading bicycle company and is the largest bicycle manufacturer and retailer in Korea .
The Province of Rieti with a total population of 159,670 people as of 2013 .
Declan Lally, or Déaglán Ó Maolalaidh, is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays the left half forward position for the Dublin senior football team .
Takfarinas is the stage name of an Algerian Kabyle Yal musician who was born in 1958 .
Prince Nguyễn Phúc Bảo Thắng is the youngest son of Emperor Bảo Đại and Empress Nam Phương .
Mirka Mora is a prominent French-born Australian visual artist who has contributed significantly to the development of contemporary art in Australia .
Selangor also known by its Arabic honorific, Darul Ehsan, or ""Abode of Sincerity"" is one of the 13 states of Malaysia .
The Lithuanian–Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic was a Soviet socialist republic that existed within the territories of modern Belarus and eastern Lithuania for approximately five months during 1919 .
Reginald Calvert was the manager of The Fortunes pop group and singer Screaming Lord Sutch, and the owner of offshore pirate radio station Radio City .
Cheryle Robinson Jackson was appointed on October 2006 to be the first female president and CEO in the 90-year history of the Chicago Urban League .
Ngerulmud is the capital of the Republic of Palau, an island nation in the Pacific Ocean .
Rikesh Chauhan , better known by his stage name RKZ, is a British recording artist, writer, videographer and ambassador for Campaign Against Living Miserably .
Tim Wessel Vanhamel is a Belgian rock musician who has been a member of and performed with a number of bands including Evil Superstars, Deus and Eagles of Death Metal .
Aprile Millo is an American operatic soprano of Italian and Irish ancestry who is particularly admired for her interpretations of the works of Giuseppe Verdi .
Pandan is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Central Tapanuli Regency .
Southern Natural Gas Company, headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama, is a natural gas pipeline company that was founded in 1928 and is currently a division of El Paso Corporation .
Rob Byrnes is a 21st-century gay American, novelist and blogger, whose fiction focuses primarily on gay men and other sexual minorities .
Chapel Music, formerly Chapel Records is a record label in currently in Nampa, Idaho that releases religious music .
Mwanza is a mid-sized port city on the southern shores of Lake Victoria in northwestern Tanzania .
The Southern United States—commonly referred to as the American South, Dixie, or simply the South—is a region of the United States of America .
Renán Almendárez ""El Cucuy"" Coello, born November 18, 1953 in Honduras, is heard from 5 to 9:30 a .
Andrei Romanovich Chikatilo was a Soviet serial killer, nicknamed the Butcher of Rostov, the Red Ripper, and the Rostov Ripper, who committed the sexual assault, murder and mutilation of a minimum of 52 women and children between 1978 and 1990 in the Russian SFSR, the Ukrainian SSR and the Uzbek SSR .
Eurus Energy Holdings Corporation is a holding company of the Eurus Energy Group, Japan's largest wind power developer .
White Furniture Company, was a major American producer of hand crafted fine furniture for over a century, .
BDP, formerly known as Building Design Partnership, is a firm of architects and engineers employing over 800 staff in the UK and internationally .
The UNO Federal Credit Union, or UNOFCU, was chartered in 1972 by the National Credit Union Administration .
Yin Chang is an American actress, known for her lead role as Mei Kwan in the 2011 film Prom and her recurring role as Nelly Yuki on The CW's teen drama series Gossip Girl .
The Swedish Empire finally brought the great power era of Sweden to an end .
Habsburg Netherlands is the collective name of Holy Roman Empire fiefs in the Low Countries held by the House of Habsburg, and is also known as the Spanish Netherlands .
Kingstown is the capital, chief port, and main commercial centre of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines .
See Albani for other uses of that nameAlbani Bryggerierne A/S , a group of Danish regional breweries .
Disonance Recordings is an American recording and distribution label, started in 2001 by Adam Evans in St .
Becks Prime Equities, Ltd, also known as Becks Prime Restaurants, is a gourmet hamburger restaurant chain with locations in Greater Houston in Texas .
The Crimean Khanate , was a Turco-Mongol vassal state of the Ottoman Empire during 1478 to 1774, the longest-lived of the Turkic khanates that succeeded the empire of the Golden Horde .
The International Media Production Zone , it is located in Dubai, United Arab Emirates near Jumeirah Village South .
China National Materials Group Corporation or Sinoma, established in 1983, is a central government-administered enterprise directly under the administration of the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council of the People's Republic of China .
Ibom is an old word used by the Efik Eket people of Nigeria meaning the universe, the earth, or a community .
The city of Savannah, Georgia, the largest city and the county seat of Chatham County, Georgia, is referenced frequently in popular culture .
The Malwa Sultanate was a late medieval independent kingdom in the Malwa region of the present day Madhya Pradesh state in India in 1392–1562 .
Arthur Watts was an illustrator and artist who was killed in an airplane crash over the Swiss Alps .
West Anglia Great Northern was a train operating company in England owned by National Express, that operated the West Anglia Great Northern franchise from January 1997 until March 2004 and the Great Northern franchise from April 2004 until March 2006 .
TriGeo Network Security is a United States-based provider of security information and event management technology .
Omsktransmash - also known as ""Омский завод транспортного машиностроения"" based in the city of Omsk, Russia .
Mime Radio or ""The Mime Radio Recording Company"" was a Peterborough, Canada recording studio and independent record label run by engineer and producer Damon de Szegheo .
Thom Bierdz is an American actor best known for his portrayal of Phillip Chancellor III on the daytime drama The Young and the Restless, appearing from 1986 to 1989, returning for a ""dream sequence"" in 2004, and in a surprising twist, returned to the role in May 2009 .
Timothy ""Tim"" Campbell, MBE is an English businessman best known as the winner of the first series of the British version of The Apprentice, a BBC TV reality show in which contestants battle to win a £100,000-a-year job working for businessman Alan Sugar .
Suceava (Romanian pronunciation: [suˈt͡ʃe̯ava] is the seat of Suceava County, in the Bukovina region, in north-eastern Romania .
Mike Harrison is an English musician, most notable as a principal lead singer of Spooky Tooth and as a solo artist .
Jody Richards is a Democratic member of the Kentucky House of Representatives, representing the 20th District since 1976, former Speaker, and current Speaker Pro Tempore, of the Kentucky House of Representatives .
Stopanska Banka AD is the oldest and currently the largest bank in the Republic of Macedonia by equity and branch network .
BridgeHead Software is a group of computer software and services companies mainly serving the healthcare sector .
The Republic of Lakotah or Lakotah is a proposed homeland in North America for the Lakota .
Zoe is a fictional character from the ABC daytime drama All My Children, and is credited as the first transgender character to appear on a soap opera at the beginning of a male to female gender transition .
Ratlam State was a princely state in British India, part of the Malwa Agency of Central India .
Filipe Miguel Delgadinho Albuquerque is a Portuguese race car driver, currently driving in the FIA World Endurance Championship .
Monica Migliorino Miller is professor of Sacred Theology and the Catholic Integrated Core Curriculum at St .
The Yusafzai State of Swat and continued within its 1947 borders until 1969, when it was dissolved .
Netconcepts is a web marketing and web development agency founded and headquartered in Madison, Wisconsin, specializing in SEO for Fortune 500 ecommerce companies and major media brands .
Eusebio Sacristán Mena , known as simply Eusebio in his playing days, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central midfielder, and the current coach of FC Barcelona B .
Puerto Francisco de Orellana, also known as Coca, is the capital of province of Orellana in eastern Ecuador .
The French Second Republic was the republican government of France between the 1848 Revolution and the 1851 coup by Louis-Napoléon Bonaparte which initiated the Second Empire .
Virtusa Corporation is a global information technology services company founded in 1996 with its headquarters in Westborough, Massachusetts, USA .
The Emirates of Ylaruam is a fictional nation located within the Mystara campaign setting, in the Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game .
First established in 1978 , Bowen Designs is a company dealing in the creation and sale of entertainment-based collectible statues .
Ostrogothic Ravenna refers to the time period in which Ravenna was the capital of the Ostrogothic Kingdom in Italy .
The Free State of Bavaria , it is the largest state, making up almost a fifth of the total land area of Germany, and with 12 .
The Zanj Empire was a 19th-century political formation established by the Omani sultanate on the Swahili Coast .
Airwork Limited, also referred to during its history as Airwork Services Limited, is a wholly owned subsidiary company of VT Group plc .
Allen Leech , and known in his early career by his birth name Alan Leech, is an Irish stage, television and film actor .
The State of India, formally, Estado da Índia Portuguesa,and commonly Portuguese India, was a colonial state of the Portuguese Empire, founded six years after the discovery of a sea route between Portugal and the Indian Subcontinent to serve as the governing body of a string of Portuguese fortresses and colonies overseas .
The Crescent Theatre is a small, amateur theatre run mostly by volunteers, in Sheepcote Street, Brindleyplace, in Birmingham, England .
Daniel House is a business owner Z Records, a Seattle-based independent record label that released music by many bands including 7 Year Bitch, Built to Spill, Coffin Break, Engine Kid, The Gits, Hammerbox, Love Battery, The Melvins, The Presidents of the United States of America, Silkworm, and Skin Yard .
N’Djamena is the capital and largest city of Chad, with a population of 1,605,696 as of 2012 .
Based in Santa Monica, California, Myriad Pictures is a leading independent entertainment company specializing in production, financing and worldwide distribution of feature films and television programming .
Gunvor Engström, born December 29, 1950 in Betul, India, is Swedish business personality and civil servant .
Adam Taub is a documentary film director from Colorado whose films include La Quinceañera, Don Angelo, and El Duque de la Bachata .
Siemens VAI Metals Technologies based in Linz, Austria, is an engineering and plant building company for the iron and steel industry, for the flat-rolling sector of the aluminum industry and for open cast mining .
Autonomous oblasts of the Soviet Union were administrative units created for a number of smaller nations, which were given autonomy within the republics of the Soviet Union .
The Kingdom of Tavolara was an imaginary state claiming independence in the 19th and 20th centuries in Tavolara Island, off the northeast coast of Sardinia .
Blue Note Records is an American jazz record label, established in 1939 by Alfred Lion and Max Margulis .
Benoît Marie Rolland , is a bow maker and musician, currently established in Boston, Massachusetts .
Mitsui Group , Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, Sapporo Breweries, Toray Industries, Mitsui Chemicals, Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings, Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings, Mitsui O .
Pax Americana Recording Company, also known as just PAX-AM, is a record label founded by Ryan Adams based on his recording studio PAX-AM in 2004 .
Swiss Drinks Limited is a Swiss company, known as Obermeilen, specializing in the production of fruit based products, flavorings and distillates for manufacturers of the food industry .
Ian Francis Jorgensen wrote and published another touring hand-book, this time for bands traveling internationally called ""D .
The Kingdom of Bonny is a traditional state based on the town of Bonny in Rivers State, Nigeria .
InterSystems Corporation is a privately held vendor of software systems and technology for high-performance database management, rapid application development, integration, and healthcare information systems .
Palatinate-Lützelstein was an ephemeral state of the Holy Roman Empire based around La Petite-Pierre , which he nevertheless was forced to pledge to Duke Charles III of Lorraine shortly afterwards .
The Beklan Empire is the fictional kingdom in which Richard Adams' novels Shardik and Maia take place .
Gateway Films/Vision Video is a Christian film company located in Worcester, Pennsylvania, notable for producing The Cross and the Switchblade and other award-winning films, docu-dramas and documentaries of interest to Christian audiences .
Jan Duursema is an American comic book artist known for her work on the Star Wars comics franchise .
The Second Polish Republic, Second Commonwealth of Poland or ""interwar Poland"" refers to the country of Poland between the First and Second World Wars , the Polish state was created in 1918, in the aftermath of World War I .
Lincat is an industrial catering and foodservice equipment company based in Lincolnshire that is represented on the Alternative Investment Market .
The Duchy of Olasko is part of the Kingdom of Roldem in the fantasy world of Midkemia by author Raymond E Feist .
Esztergom County was an administrative county of the Kingdom of Hungary in present-day southern Slovakia and northern Hungary on both sides of the Danube river .
iCan Benefit is an insurance agency that provides access to a wide range of health care plans and lifestyle benefits, some of them through association membership in a not-for-profit corporation called the Healthcare Cost Containment United Association .
Promethean World plc is a global education company, that develops, integrates and implements learning environments .
The climate of the Nordic countries refers to a region in Northern Europe that consists of Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden and their associated territories, which include the Faroe Islands, Greenland and Åland .
Attica is an administrative region that encompasses the entire metropolitan area of Athens, the capital of Greece .
The International Center for Human Development is a think tank and non-governmental organization in Armenia .
ING Vysya Bank and operating a pan-India network of over 1,000 outlets, including 527 branches, which service over two million customers .
Kano State is a state located in North-Western Nigeria and the most populous state of the Nigerian Federation .
The Duchy of Masovia with its capital at Płock was a medieval duchy formed when the Polish Kingdom of the Piasts fragmented in 1138 .
Bitzer SE is one of the leading companies in the area of refrigeration and air conditioning technology .
Global Knowledge Training LLC is an IT and Business skills training company headquartered in Cary, NC .
Formed in 1998, Canada's D-Trash Records started as an online collective by members of Cpuwar and DJ Rabies as the beginnings of an international network of electronic music artists .
Sumedang high and is usually climbed from the subdistrict of Cimalaka, 7 km from Sumedang .
Bank Refah Kargaran, also known as Bank Refah , is one of Iran's major banks .
Kevin Kallaugher is a political cartoonist for The Economist and the former cartoonist for the Baltimore Sun .
The Second Republic of Venezuela is the term used by historians for the reestablished Venezuelan Republic declared by Simón Bolívar on August 7, 1813 .
Mishon Ratliff , also known simply as Mishon, is an American singer, dancer and actor .
San Luis Potosí , is one of the 31 states which, with the Federal District, comprise the 32 Federal Entities of Mexico .
Enrique Morente Cotelo and jamming with musicians of all styles, without renouncing his roots in traditional flamenco singing, which he kept on cultivating .
The Parthenopean Republic was a French First Republic-supported republic in the territory of the Kingdom of Naples, formed during the French Revolutionary Wars after King Ferdinand IV fled before advancing French troops .
The Navegante Group is a gaming company based in Paradise, Nevada, specializing in areas of casino management, development, consulting and executive recruitment .
Bharat Forge Limited , the Pune based Indian multinational is a technology driven global leader in metal forming, having a transcontinental presence across eight manufacturing locations, serving several sectors including automotive, power, oil and gas, construction & mining, locomotive, marine and aerospace .
The Mahra Sultanate of Qishn and Socotra dynasty and is sometimes called Mahra State in English .
Cormac de Barra is a harpist, singer and television presenter and is part of the Moya Brennan Band .
Beylik of Erzincan was a principality in East Anatolia, Turkey in the fourteenth and early fifteenth centuries .
Inini was an inland territory of French Guiana, administered separately between 6 July 1930 and 19 March 1946, after which all of French Guiana became a department of France .
Palatinate-Sulzbach was the name of two separate states of the Holy Roman Empire located in modern Amberg-Sulzbach, Bavaria, Germany, ruled by a branch of the House of Wittelsbach .
YTB International, known as YTB Global Travel, Your Travel Biz or YTB, operates a multi-level marketing business through owner-affiliate websites offering travel, excursions, and lodging .
Nyamko Ana Sabuni is a Burundian-Swedish former politician who served as Minister for Gender Equality in the Swedish government from 2006 to 2013 .
The County of Edessa was one of the Crusader states in the 12th century, based around the town of Edessa .
AHT Cooling Systems is an Austrian company, active in both branches of industrial refrigeration and deep freezing, while its main areas of business are fridges and deep freezers for supermarkets, ice cream freezers and bottle coolers .
Volker Kriegel was a German jazz guitarist and composer born in Darmstadt, Germany, perhaps most noteworthy for his contributions to the European jazz rock genre and for his collaborations with the American vibraphonist Dave Pike .
Ben Granfelt second degree black belt in karate and brown belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu .
The Stato dei Presidi gave its former territories to Tuscany, to which they belonged until the Unification of Italy .
Flowers Foods, headquartered in Thomasville, Georgia, is a producer and marketer of packaged bakery foods in the United States .
This is a list of States and Union Territories of India by speakers of Sindhi as of census 2001 .
La Monte Thornton Young is an American avant-garde artist, composer and musician, generally recognized as the first minimalist composer .
Balkan Samba Records is a small record label run by multi-stylist, multi-instrumentalist, composer and Grammy award winner Howard Levy .
Ken Pentel is an American politician, and a candidate for Governor of Minnesota for the Ecology Democracy Party .
UAE Exchange & Financial Services Ltd is a remittance and currency exchange company based in India, a part of the global UAE Exchange group .
Sugar Bowl is a ski and snowboard area in northern Placer County near Norden, California along the Donner Pass of the Sierra Nevada, approximately 46 mi west of Reno, Nevada on Interstate 80, that opened on December 15, 1939 .
The Taifa of Badajoz in succession, a second independent taifa was shortly recreated in Badajoz, existing from 1144 to 1151, when it fell again under Almohad dominion .
Regierungsbezirk Kleve was a Regierungsbezirk, or government region, of the Prussian Province of Jülich-Cleves-Berg .
Ron Tupa is a staff member of Democrats for Education Reform , a political action committee whose stated purpose is to support Democratic Party policies to reform American public education .
Limbdi is a city and a municipality in Surendranagar district in the Indian state of Gujarat .
Maike Evers is a fashion model and former MTV VJ born and raised in Australia to a German father and a Filipino mother .
Cristalle Bowen, better known by her stage name Psalm One, is an underground hip hop artist based in Chicago, Illinois .
Morgan Schneiderlin is a French professional footballer who plays for English club Southampton and the France national team as a midfielder .
Tim Downs is an American author best known for his ""Bug Man"" series of novels featuring forensic entomologist Dr .
Situated between three major United States cities and on the border with Canada, there are many sources of media in Erie, Pennsylvania .
Battelle for Kids is a United States not-for-profit organization established through a partnership with the Ohio Business Roundtable and supported by an initial grant from Battelle Memorial Institute .
The Treaty of the Cedars was concluded on the Fox River, west of what is today the village of Little Chute, Wisconsin, on September 3, 1836 .
Todd Patrick , including Black Lips, Lightning Bolt, Black Dice, Mount Eerie, Deerhunter, Dan Deacon, Matt and Kim, Real Estate, Pictureplane, Woods, USAISAMONSTER, Dirty Projectors, Surfer Blood, TV on the Radio, Gang Gang Dance, DIIV, Teengirl Fantasy, Kitty, No Age, Vivian Girls, and others .
The Mahindra Group is an Indian multinational conglomerate headquartered at Mahindra Towers in Mumbai, India, with operations in over 100 countries around the globe .
Đồng Lê is a township in Tuyên Hóa District, Quảng Bình Province, Bắc Trung Bộ, Việt Nam .
Richard Bruning is an American graphic designer and comics creator who blogs as Apple computer devotee iSensei and working as a freelance designer and writer .
""The Buckskin Man Tales"" is a series of five novels by Frederick Manfred that trace themes through the 19th-century Great Plains .
Tianjin Port Development Holdings Limited is engaged in port services in Tianjin Port, including container stacking and warehousing, non-containerised goods stevedoring and other various ancillary services .
Károly Ferenc Szabó , and served as Senator for Satu Mare County from 1990 to 2008 .
Peter Navarro is a Professor of Economics and Public Policy at the Paul Merage School of Business, University of California, Irvine and holds a Ph .
Joseph Rescigno is a conductor and Artistic Advisor and Principal Conductor of the Florentine Opera Company of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, in the United States , Bruno Maderna, Gianandrea Gavazzeni, Carlo Moresco, and his uncle .
Not to be confused with Russian-Ukrainian Game Factory InteractiveThe Game Factory is a European video game publisher operating in Europe and North America .
Koingo Software, established in 1994, is a Canadian corporation that designs and distributes software for both Macintosh and Windows .
Adriana Reverón Moreno is a Spanish beauty queen from who represented her country in the Miss Universe 2010 and Miss Earth 2008 competitions .
Lydimar Carolina Jonaitis Escalona , best known as Ly Jonaitis, is a Venezuelan model and beauty pageant titleholder who won the Miss Venezuela 2006 pageant and then went on to compete at the Miss Universe 2007 pageant .
Kabwe is the capital of the Zambian Central Province with a population estimated at 202,914 at the 2010 census .
""Asia Society provides public and private forums for visiting political and business leaders from the Asian region as well as those from within Australia .
Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace is a British glamour model, fashion designer, magazine columnist, actress, and television & media personality .
Banana Fish is a classic shōjo manga by Akimi Yoshida which ran from 1985 to 1994 and spawned several mini-spin-offs: Private Opinion, Angel Eyes, X Men, and The Garden with Holy Light .
Westpac , is an Australian bank and financial-services provider headquartered in Westpac Place, Sydney, New South Wales .
The Colony of Vancouver Island , was a crown colony of British North America from 1849 to 1866, after which it was united with the mainland to form the Colony of British Columbia .
Caroline Casagrande is an American Republican Party politician, who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly representing the 11th Legislative District since January 10, 2012 .
Larian Studios is a Belgian game developer which was founded in 1996 by Swen Vincke who derived its name from his dog, Pilar .
Socatel is the leading telecommunications and Internet service provider in the Central African Republic .
The Principality of Bulgaria was a de facto independent vassal of the Ottoman Empire established by the Treaty of Berlin in 1878 .
Macar , one of the Heliadae, a son of Rhodus and Helios, who became king of Lesbos .
Rehe , also known as Jehol, is a former Chinese Special administrative district and province .
Stheno , in Greek mythology, was the eldest of the Gorgons, vicious female monsters with brass hands, sharp fangs and ""hair"" made of living venomous snakes .
Playalitical is an American rap artist and the current President and CEO of Illuminated Entertainment Group .
Malheur Home Telephone Company, commonly known as Malheur Bell, was a rural telephone company operating in Oregon .
Kathy Hill is an American songwriter best known for her contribution to gospel music in the genre of children's music .
The Crozet Islands are a sub-antarctic archipelago of small islands in the southern Indian Ocean .
Super Saver Liquors, aka Super Saver Wines & Spirits is a liquor store franchise that sells wine, beer, liquors and liqueur .
Blood Orange Media creates and produces programming that spans travel, historical, lifestyle, human interest, business and world culture genres .
Stiebel Eltron is a company based in Holzminden, Germany that manufactures central heating products such as heat pumps .
Karine Vanasse is a French Canadian actress, most famous in Quebec for her award winning roles in films such as Polytechnique, Séraphin: Heart of Stone and Emporte-moi .
LightSquared is a company that seeks to develop a wholesale 4G LTE wireless broadband communications network integrated with satellite coverage across the United States using a block of frequencies located near the band used by the Global Positioning System , ""the federal agency that coordinates spectrum uses for the military and other federal government entities,"" that ""there is no practical way to mitigate potential interference at this time .
Andrei Oliver Braşovean aka ATMA , Germany, United Kingdom, Swiss, Denmark, Austria, Italy, Sweden, Bulgaria, Romania, Macedonia, Serbia, Chile, Slovakia, Czech Republic, Poland, Hungary, Portugal, Russia, Ireland, Spain, Turkey, Greece and many more .
Maurizio Arcieri formerly leader of The New Dada, a 60s Italian Beat Music band, and a member of Krisma, was a successful singer in the 70s .
Joan Brown was an American figurative painter who lived and worked in Northern California .
Nils Slaatto was for more than two decades one of Norway's most prominent and influential architects, having a strong and distinctive impression on Norwegian architecture .
Royal Gold is a precious metals company with royalty claims on gold, silver, copper, lead and zinc at mines in over 20 countries it ranked 10th among the fastest growing small businesses in the United States, 79 spots higher than in 2008 .
Baan Kamlangchay is a home for demented patients from German-speaking countries, located in the village of Faham near Chiang Mai, Thailand .
Urban Christian Ahlin is a Swedish Social Democratic Party politician and the Speaker of the Riksdag since 2014 .
The Mordovian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic was an autonomous republic of the Soviet Union, now known as the Republic of Mordovia .
Founded in 1991, by Ralph Herzka Meridian Capital Group is a commercial mortgage brokerage firm, headquartered in Manhattan with key offices in major markets such as New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Florida, Illinois, California and Texas .
Kendall Payne is an award-winning singer-songwriter recording artist and currently serves as the Director of Contemporary Worship at Bel Air Presbyterian Church .
Phillip Andrew ""Phil"" Burton is a member of the Australian pop vocal band Human Nature with Toby Allen, Andrew Tierney and his brother Michael Tierney since 1989 .
The Special Region of Yogyakarta is a region of Indonesia on the island of Java .
Republic of Pińczów in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship liberated by joint forces of Polish Resistance formations: Home Army, People's Army and Peasants' Battalions, during a period from July 21 to August 12, 1944 .
Toby Keith's I Love This Bar & Grill is a restaurant chain founded by the country music singer Toby Keith .
Jean McClain , better known as Pepper Mashay, is an urban/soul, house and dance music singer-songwriter who has had success as a touring and studio performer .
Mary Brown's is a Canadian fast-food restaurant chain most popular for its Big Mary sandwich, chicken and 'taters' or potato wedges .
Circuit Check is an American company with about 225 employees and seven direct operations in six countries .
Valentine Blanchard was a prominent English photographer who was widely recognized for his artistic and technical contributions in the early days of photography in the 1860s .
The Lincoln Group of Schools is a group of for-profit tertiary level vocational institutions consisting of 31 campuses and 5 training sites in 15 states in the United States .
The political term satellite state designates a country that is formally independent in the world, but under heavy political, economic and military influence or control of another country .
Laurel Johannesson is a Canadian artist who studied at the University of Calgary in Alberta , and the Royal College of Art in London, England .
Van Lanschot NV is a financial institution of Dutch origin offering private banking, asset management and merchant banking services .
Julia Brownley is an American politician who has been the United States Representative for California's 26th congressional district since 2013 .
Kota Pinang is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of South Labuhan Batu Regency .
Wylie Galt Gustafson is an American singer-songwriter who has toured nationally and internationally with his band, Wylie & The Wild West .
Klaipėda is a city in Lithuania situated at the mouth of the Danė River where it flows into the Baltic Sea .
Red Robin Records was a record label that began in 1951 as ""Robin Records"" in New York .
The Hanley Economic Building Society is a UK building society, which has its head office in Hanley, Stoke on Trent, Staffordshire .
Ipsos Business Consulting is one of several boutique global business consulting firms with special focus on market analysis .
Patrick Cassidy is an American actor best known for his roles in musical theatre and television .
Stunts Canada is a Canadian association which provides the film and TV industry with stunt performers, stunt coordinators, 2nd Unit directors, and action actors .
Spy Records was Italian record label, specializing in Italo dance and Eurodance, and owned by TIME Group .
Sedimental is an independent recording label based in Greenfield, Massachusetts releasing mainly experimental, sound art, noise, free jazz, avant garde and drone music .
Brite Semiconductor is a fabless semiconductor company founded in 2008 to develop custom ASIC design solutions to electronics customers worldwide .
Shunsaku Okuda is the leader of the Japanese rock/pop band, the brilliant green, where he plays bass guitar, rhythm guitar as well as composed the vast majority of the band's music .
Turtle Island Foods is the company which produces Tofurky, a popular vegetarian and vegan alternative to turkey, as well other meatless products .
These are the coats of arms of the states of the Federal Republic of Germany .
Los Santos is a province of Panama, reaching from the La Villa river in the North to the Pacific Ocean in the south and east .
Sasayama Domain was a Japanese domain of the Edo period, located in Tanba Province .
Integrated Risk Management Services is the trading name of a private security company Business Mobile Security Services Ltd based in Naas, Ireland .
Tanzania , officially the United Republic of Tanzania , is a country in East Africa within the African Great Lakes region .
Xperedon is an initiative started in 2010, intended to revolutionise the way people make charitable donations .
Buck Peterson containing cooking recipes for animals that have been struck and killed by motor vehicles, i .
Extreme Pizza is a privately held restaurant franchise chain specializing in conventional and California-style pizza, founded by Todd Parent and Michael Pastor in 1994 in San Francisco, California .
John Tesshin Sanderson is a Soto Zen roshi of the White Plum Asanga and spiritual director of the Centro Zen de México in Coyoacán, Mexico City, one of only twelve Dharma Successors of the late Taizan Maezumi .
Hellenic Register of Shipping was founded in 1919 and is active in the industry inspections and certifications of facilities and equipment as well as the Certification of Management Systems .
GREN Automotive Inc is a manufacturer of automotive brake components, specializing in OEM replacement pads and rotors .
The Aden Protectorate was a British protectorate in southern Arabia which evolved in the hinterland of the port of Aden and in the Hadramaut following the conquest of Aden by Great Britain in 1839, and it continued until the 1960s .
Manikrao Hodlya Gavit , he represented the Nandurbar from 1981 to 2014, winning the Indian general elections 9 times in a row which is a record .
Arsenal Real Estate Funds is a private equity real estate investment company founded in 2004 by three senior portfolio managers from the real estate investment arm of Prudential Financial and J .
Jillian Gell Skinner MP , an Australian politician, is the New South Wales Minister for Health and Minister for Medical Research in the New South Wales government .
Paper Resources was established in 1982 in Oxfordshire as a paper consultancy and supply company specialising in promotion and distribution of paper .
Konni is a traditional Hausa state in what is today south central Maradi Region Niger and north Sokoto State Nigeria .
The Landgraviate of Hesse-Marburg was a German landgraviate, and independent principality, within the Holy Roman Empire, that existed between 1485 and 1500, and between 1567 and 1604/1650 .
Moss Adams LLP is one of the 15 largest public accounting firms in the United States and provides accounting, tax and consulting services to public and private middle-market enterprises in many different industries .
The Lydia Lithos Dancetheatre or ""Χοροθέατρο Λυδία Λίθος"" was established in 1996 by the choreographer – dancer Spiros Bertsatos .
John Fanning has been criticized in the press and in a book about Napster written by author and journalist Joseph Menn .
PetMeds, also known as 1 800 Pet Meds, is an online pet pharmacy offering prescription and non-prescription pet medications and other health products for dogs, cats and horses .
Page Plus Cellular is a prepaid Verizon Wireless mobile virtual network operator in the United States operated by TracFone Wireless, Inc .
The Hashoo Group was established in 1960 by Saddaruddin Hashwani and is one of the larger conglomerates in Pakistan .
In Greek mythology, Rhacius was the son of Lebes, and the leader of the first Greeks to settle in Caria, and became King of Caria .
Minara Resources Pty Ltd is one of the major mining companies of Australia, specializing in the mining of cobalt and nickel .
Ventana Wildlife Society 3 non-profit organization founded in 1977 by a group of private citizens to restore endangered species native to central California .
Helitrans is a Norwegian helicopter and aircraft maintenance company based at Trondheim Airport, Værnes established in 1990 .
Daquq or Daquqa, Dakuk, Daqooq, Tavuk or Tawuq is an historically Assyrian town in Iraq south of Kirkuk .
Jacob Young is an American screenwriter, cinematographer, film editor and filmmaker best known for creating documentary films which explore the eccentric people living in his native Appalachia .
Georgi Sarmov is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Levski Sofia .
Howell Works was a bog iron-based production facility for pig iron which was established in New Jersey in the early 19th century by American engineer and philanthropist James P .
McCarter Theatre is a not-for-profit, professional company on the campus of Princeton University in Princeton, New Jersey .
The house of Baban and its opposition to centralization by the Ottomans and the Qajars .
Denki Kagaku Kogyo Kabushiki Kaisha , also known as Denka, is a Japanese chemical company, established in 1915 and headquartered in Tokyo .
The Ethiopian Empire until 1975 when the monarchy was overthrown in a coup d'etat .
The Italian Empire ; in 1920, they also pressured Italy to remove its army from Albania .
The Duchy of Lorraine , was a duchy roughly corresponding with the present-day region of Lorraine in northeastern France, its capital was Nancy .
Theater Bonn is a theatrical organization that produces operas, musicals, ballets, plays, and concerts in Bonn, Germany .
Quickbrowse was a Web-based subscription service that enables users to browse multiple Web pages more quickly by combining them vertically into a single Web page .
Fort Vancouver was a 19th-century fur trading outpost along the Columbia River that served as the headquarters of the Hudson's Bay Company's Columbia Department, located in the Oregon Country .
Brad Cloepfil is an American architect, educator and principal of Allied Works Architecture of Portland, Oregon and New York City .
Dutch West India Company and the Americas, which included the Pacific Ocean and the eastern part of New Guinea .
BioWare is a Canadian video game developer founded in February 1995 by newly graduated medical doctors Ray Muzyka, Greg Zeschuk, and Augustine Yip .
Antonio Sicurezza was an Italian painter representative for the contemporary figurative art of the Lazio region, Italy .
Quality Markets was an American supermarket chain, with stores in Western New York and northwestern Pennsylvania .
The Asunafo South District is one of the twenty-two districts of the Brong Ahafo Region of Ghana .
Italian Cyrenaica was an Italian colony, located in present-day eastern Libya, that existed from 1927 to 1934 .
Virginia City is a town in and the county seat of Madison County, Montana, United States .
Ricardo Caíto Risatti is an Argentine racing driver who has progressed through the ranks of formula single-seater racing in South America and Europe .
Associated Foods Holdings, also referred to as Associated Food Stores, Associated Supermarkets or Associated, is the largest group of independently operated supermarkets based in the New York metropolitan area .
Koleje Dolnośląskie is a regional rail operator in the Lower Silesian Voivodship of Poland .
Boyer Coe ; 1981 World Inv Cup 1st; 1981 Grand Prix Belgium 1st; 1981 Grand Prix Wales 1st; 1981 Grand Prix World 1st; 1982 Grand Prix Montreal 1st; 1994 Masters Olympia 3rd; 1995 Masters Olympia 10th .
The Mosquito Coast, also known as the Miskito Coast, historically comprised an area along the eastern coast of present-day Nicaragua and Honduras .
Phulra was a minor princely state in the days of British India, located in the region of the North West Frontier to the east of the nearby princely state of Amb .
Pixomondo is an international visual effects company with a global network of studios in Frankfurt, Munich, Stuttgart, Los Angeles, Beijing, Toronto and Baton Rouge .
Alice Graham Underhill was a Democratic member of the North Carolina General Assembly, representing the state's third House district from 2001 to 2003 and again from 2005 until 2011 .
Life Line Screening is a privately run health screening company founded in Cleveland, USA in 1993 .
The County of Tecklenburg was a state of the Holy Roman Empire, located in the present German state of Lower Saxony .
The United Provinces of Central Italy, also known as Confederation of Central Italy or Government General of Central Italy, was a short-lived military government established by the Kingdom of Piedmont-Sardinia .
Compass Minerals is a leading producer of minerals, including salt, magnesium chloride, sulfate of potash and other plant nutrition products .
Bonanza Air Lines was an airline It became an international airline soon before it merged with Pacific Air Lines and West Coast Airlines to form Air West with flights to Mexico: DC-9s Phoenix to Tucson to La Paz to Mazatlán to Puerto Vallarta .
Thomas Fincke , in which he introduced the modern names of the trigonometric functions tangent and secant .
Demandware is a software technology company headquartered in Burlington, Massachusetts, providing a cloud-based e-commerce platform and related services for retailers and brand manufacturers around the world .
XBee is the brand name from Digi International for a family of form factor compatible radio modules .
Košice is the biggest city in eastern Slovakia and in 2013 was the European Capital of Culture together with Marseille, France .
First Community Bank , is a commercial bank in Kenya, the largest economy in the East African Community .
Northern Scottish Omnibuses Ltd, in Scotland, was a bus operating subsidiary of the Scottish Transport Group formed in June 1985 from Walter Alexander & Sons Ltd and operated until 1992, when it became Bluebird Buses Ltd .
Joshua Brown is the lead singer of Christian rock band Day of Fire, and was the lead singer of Full Devil Jacket until 2001 .
Albion Ventures LLP is a UK-based venture capital investor which has been managing investments since 1996 .
The Kingdom of Redonda is the name for the micronation associated with the tiny uninhabited Caribbean island of Redonda .
Upper Volta was a colony of French West Africa established on March 1, 1919, from territories that had been part of the colonies of Upper Senegal and Niger and the Côte d'Ivoire .
American Momentum Bank started in 2006 as the largest startup capitalization of any financial institution in Florida state history with $100 million in start-up capital .
Delta Cafés is a Portuguese coffee roasting and coffee packaging company headquartered in Campo Maior, Alentejo .
China Properties Group Limited or China Properties is a private property developer focusing on developing large-scale residential and commercial projects in major cities in China including Shanghai, Beijing and Kunshan .
The Ozark Valley Railroad is a 27 mile shortline railroad connecting Mexico, Missouri, and Fulton, Missouri .
Echo Digital Audio designs and manufactures various digital audio recording interfaces, midi interfaces, audio test equipment, custom professional audio products, and audio software .
Seán Dillon is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a defender for Dundee United in the Scottish Premiership .
The Lincs FM Group based in Lincolnshire, in the UK is the parent company of several Independent Local Radio stations .
Luxman is a brand name of Japanese Luxman Corporation , a company that manufactures luxury audio components .
Etro is an Italian luxury fashion house that produces ready-to-wear, shoes, jewelry, accessories, leather goods, textiles, home decor and perfumes .
Aaron Isaac Rosa is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's Light Heavyweight division .
Victor Krummenacher is an American musician and bass guitarist who is a founding member of alternative rock band Camper Van Beethoven .
DovBer Pinson is a Chabad rabbi and modern Kabbalist, scholar, philosopher and spiritual teacher, living in Brooklyn, New York .
Tuvalu have appeared in the finals of the Oceanian Futsal Championship on three occasions in 2008, 2010, 2011 .
gEco Holdings, LLC , or gEco, is a leading cross-border market-entry consultancy for the licensing and commercialization of environmentally responsible technologies .
Not to be confused with the Treaty with the Umpqua and Kalapuya of 1854, also known as the Treaty of Calapooia CreekThe Treaty with the Kalapuya, etc .
Pharmadule was a Swedish company, specialized in design and construction of modular pharmaceutical manufacturing facilities in the same fashion as modular homes nowadays are being built .
Camargo Corrêa is one of the biggest Brazilian private conglomerates, composed of publicly traded and closed companies, and shared management, operating in Brazil and in more than 20 countries .
Idris Phillips is a musician, composer, songwriter, and music producer based in Nashville Tennessee, U .
iKloak or Goodfellas Online BV, founded in 1999, was a Dutch corporation that sold appliances and software, particularly in the realms of security and e-mail management .
The Mossi Kingdoms, sometimes mistakenly referred to as the Mossi Empire, were a number of different powerful kingdoms in modern-day Burkina Faso which dominated the region of the upper Volta river for hundreds of years .
Chicago Cubs are an American professional baseball franchise located on the north side of Chicago, Illinois .
The Duchy of Naples , and rapidly became a de facto independent state, lasting more than five centuries during the Early and High Middle Ages .
Takrur, Tekrur, or Tekrour was an ancient state of West Africa, which flourished roughly parallel to the Ghana Empire .
Morris David Brough Pert was a Scottish composer, drummer/percussionist, and pianist who composed in the fields of both contemporary classical and jazz-rock music .
Dame Daphne Marjorie Sheldrick, DBE is a Kenya-based British author, conservationist and expert in animal husbandry, particularly the raising and reintegrating of orphaned elephants into the wild for over 30 years .
The ""Donation of Pepin"", the first in 754, and second in 756, provided a legal basis for the formal organizing of the Papal States, which inaugurated papal temporal rule over civil authorities .
The Commonwealth of the Philippines was the administrative body that governed the Philippines from 1935 to 1946, aside from a period of exile in the Second World War from 1942 to 1945 when Japan occupied the country .
Machel Montano , Destra, Walker Hornung, Vybz Kartel, Mohombi, G-Unit, Black Stalin, David Rudder, Buju Banton, Mr .
The Bihać Republic was a short-lived republic that existed between November 1942 and January 1943 in a liberated area of Nazi-occupied Yugoslavia .
The Federal State of Austria , was propaganda advocated by leading politicians such as Engelbert Dollfuß and Kurt Schuschnigg .
Ducati Energia SpA is an Italian company based in Bologna which produces electrical and electronic components .
Quincy Tan Jin Hong , is a popular Malaysian singer-songwriter who won Best New Comers in the 8th Asia New-Singer Singing Competition in Shanghai, China in 2005 .
LendingTree is an online lending exchange that connects consumers with multiple lenders, banks, and credit partners whom compete for business .
Chrisette Michele Payne , known professionally as Chrisette Michele, is an American Grammy Award-winning R&B and soul singer-songwriter .
Antonio ""Sonny"" Fuentes Trillanes IV is a former Navy Lieutenant Senior Grade and currently serving as a senator of the Philippines since 2007 .
Nichkhun Buck Horvejkul , is a Thai American singer, model and actor active in South Korea .
Mesopotamia was the name of two distinct Roman provinces, the one a short-lived creation of the Roman Emperor Trajan in 116–117 and the other established by Emperor Septimius Severus in ca .
Eurytus is the name of several characters in Greek mythology, and of at least one historical figure .
Charles Andrew Bothwell , better known by his stage name Astronautalis, is an American alternative hip hop artist currently based in Minneapolis, Minnesota .
Andrea Nebel , known under her artist name of Nebelhexë, is a German recording artist, writer, actress and model .
David Cappo AO is a social policy and reform advocate based in Adelaide, South Australia .
Mater Health Services North Queensland operates two private hospitals, one established by the Sisters of Mercy in 1945 named Mater Hospital Pimlico .
The Fitzrovia News is a free community newspaper produced entirely by volunteers living and working in Fitzrovia, London, United Kingdom .
Howes Lubricator is a manufacturer of oils, fuel additives and multi purpose lubricant, established since 1920 .
The Norwegian Defence Estates Agency is a Norwegian government agency responsible for the real estate belonging to the Military of Norway .
The Mid Wynd International Investment Trust is a publicly traded investment trust listed on the London Stock Exchange .
Steve Balsamo is a Welsh singer and songwriter, best known for playing the lead role in the London production of Jesus Christ Superstar during the mid-1990s and for his association with the late Jon Lord .
The Spicy Effect, commonly referred to as Spicy or Spicy Music, is a Greek independent record label founded in 2009 by songwriter and record producer Phoebus, in association with the investment arm of Nea Tileorasi .
RiverCity Motorway Group is a Queensland company that operates Brisbane’s first private tollway—the Clem Jones Tunnel .
The Westland Province was a province of New Zealand from 1873 until the abolition of provincial government in 1876 .
Amb was a princely state of the former British Indian Empire ruled over by the Tanoli tribe .
Elisa Francis Cariera , nicknamed ""Princess"", is an American singer, songwriter and best known as a member of the 90's English girlband Solid HarmoniE .
Changchun is the capital and largest city of Jilin province, located in the northeast of the People's Republic of China, in the center of the Songliao Plain .
Peter Maniatis in Melbourne, Australia is a TV host and boxing promoter, particularly known for his fashion sense and out-going personality .
Joseph Vito DeSantis was an American radio, television, movie and theatrical actor and sculptor .
Alipura was a princely state in what is today the Chhatarpur District in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh .
The Brisbane Broncos are an Australian professional rugby league football club based in the city of Brisbane, the capital of the state of Queensland .
Ahmed Shaheed ޝަހީދު is a Maldivian diplomat and politician and an expert on human rights and advocate for democracy .
Susana Miller is one of the most prominent teachers and dancers of the modern milonguero style of tango .
US Bellows is a manufacturer of metal bellows, fabric expansion joints, and metallic expansion joints including refractory lined, hinged, gimbal, slip-type, in-line pressure balanced, and elbow pressure balanced expansion joints .
Janaki Ballabh Patnaik is one of his major contribution to the transportation and tourism of Odisha .
Monaco , officially the Principality of Monaco , but it participates in certain EU policies, including customs and border controls .
Nzérékoré, also spelled N'Zérékoré, is the second largest city in Guinea by population, after the capital Conakry and the largest city in the Guinée Forestière region of south-eastern Guinea .
Freedonian was probably first used by Americans immediately after the American Revolution in place of the demonym ""American"" .
Michaela Tabb is a Scottish professional snooker and pool referee who has established significant milestones for female officials in cue sports .
Nordic Capital is a private equity investment firm focusing on leveraged buyout transactions primarily in the Nordic region and the fitness club chain SATS .
Semiahmoo First Nation Semiahmoo Indian Reserve which is sandwiched between the boundary of White Rock, British Columbia and the Canada-United States boundary and Peace Arch Provincial Park .
Howard Phillips was a prominent businessman and philanthropist that was particularly active in the Central Florida area .
Nyeri Range, which forms part of the eastern end of the Great Rift Valley, and the western slopes of Mount Kenya .
Niara Scarlett is a British born singer-songwriter, perhaps most famous for her work with British production house Xenomania .
Dehns is a United Kingdom firm of patent and trade mark attorneys, with offices in London, Brighton, Oxford, Leeds and Munich .
The Map of Tendre in the first part of Madeleine de Scudéry's 1654-61 novel Clélie .
Morrison Records is an independent Australian jazz record label that is co-owned and run by James Morrison, his brother John Morrison and friend David Green .
CTLGroup is an internationally recognized expert consulting engineering and materials science firm that provides engineering, testing and scientific services to clients in the following markets: Building & Facilities; Emergent Solutions; Energy & Resources; Litigation & Insurance; Materials & Products; and Transportation .
Brain's Base is a Japanese animation studio founded in 1996 by former Tokyo Movie Shinsha staff .
Royal Air Freight is an American passenger and cargo airline based in Waterford, Michigan, adjacent to the Oakland County International Airport .
The Battle of Four Lakes was a battle during a US Army expedition against a confederation of Native American tribes in Washington and Idaho .
Health-on-Line Company UK Limited was established in 2000 and is a private medical insurance company based in Bournemouth, United Kingdom .
Enermax Technology Corporation is a designer and manufacturer of switching power supplies, PC cooling solutions, PC cases, and PC peripherals .
Daykundi , sometimes spelled as Daikundi, Dāykondī, Daikondi or Daykundi, is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan, located in the central part of the country .
Amrik Singh Dhillon, is a Punjabi Sikh Indian politician and Member of the Punjab Legislative Assembly for the constituency of Samrala .
San José de Ocoa is a province of the Dominican Republic, and also the name of the province's capital city .
Alliance Films was a major Canadian motion picture distribution production companies to distribute independent films outside the United States .
Cynergy Data is an American payment services provider, managing a portfolio of over 100,000 merchants processing $10 billion annually .
Alexandria Eschate Alexander built a 6 kilometer brick wall around the city which, according to the ancient authors, was completed in only about twenty days .
The Global Language Monitor is an Austin, Texas-based company that collectively documents, analyzes and tracks trends in language usage worldwide, with a particular emphasis upon the English language .
Dorothy Kathleen Benham is an American from Edina, Minnesota, who was Miss America 1977 and Miss Minnesota 1976 .
Protect-A-Bed produces mattress protection products that help protect against bed bugs, dust and allergens .
Robert to develop links between the UK and US on all aspects of policing policy .
Hinky Dinky was a supermarket chain based in Omaha, Nebraska, that operated mainly in Nebraska and Iowa .
Curb Appeal Records was an American record label founded in Kansas City, Missouri by The Get Up Kids guitarist and Blackpool Lights frontman Jim Suptic .
Nautic Partners is a private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout investments in middle market companies across a range of industries that includes business services, manufacturing, healthcare and communications .
Sun Yung Shin 신 선 영 , the first international anthology on the politics of transracial adoption edited by transracial adoptees .
Samantha Carrie Johnson is an actress, filmmaker, and beauty queen from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania who competed in the Miss USA pageant in 2007 .
The province of Badajoz is a province of western Spain located in the autonomous community of Extremadura .
Frank Spotnitz is an American television writer and producer, best known for his work on The X-Files television series .
Joel Moon is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who played for Salford of Super League until his transfer to reigning champions, Leeds in November 2012 .
Karunakara Guru , provides free vegetarian food to the visitors, services of ayurveda and siddha hospitals and panchakarma centres run by the ashram for rejuvenation treatmentAccommodation: AC and Non AC Rooms ranging from Rs .
Archbishop Jovan is an orthodox Macedonian cleric and head of the Orthodox Ohrid Archbishopric, an autonomous church that split off from the unrecognized Macedonian Orthodox Church in 2002 to seek reunification with the Serbian Patriarchate of Peć and the other Orthodox churches .
John Alan Belcher is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the UFC's middleweight division .
Tinopolis plc is a Welsh independent television production company, owned by its senior management and private equity company Vitruvian Partners .
Machanbaw is a town in the Kachin State of northernmost part of the Myanmar .
Bausch & Lomb, an American company founded in Rochester, New York, is one of the world's largest suppliers of eye health products, including contact lenses, lens care products, medicines and implants for eye diseases .
Nyfors Teknologi AB is a high-end supplier of advanced optical fiber handling equipment, based in Stockholm, Sweden .
Toledo do Brasil is a manufacturer and distributor of weighing instruments and balances for professional use, based in São Bernardo do Campo, Brazil .
USA Trains is a manufacturer of G scale model railroad products that started out as Charles Ro Manufacturing Company .
Top Stop Music is an independent record label founded by Puerto Rican producer, Sergio George in 2009 based in Delray Beach, Florida .
Jan Michał Pieńkowski , a 24-page picture book that ""[u]ses the words of the Gospels of Luke and Matthew to present the story of the birth of Jesus .
Brainshark is a privately held technology company based in Waltham, Massachusetts that provides a sales enablement platform and product suite .
Bentley Motors Limited is a British luxury automaker, and a wholly owned subsidiary of the German company Volkswagen AG .
RedPrairie is a privately held supply chain, workforce and all-channel commerce software provider headquartered in Alpharetta, GA .
Lance Mackey is an American dog musher and dog sled racer from Fairbanks, Alaska, who is a four-time winner of the 1,000-mile Yukon Quest and four-time winner of the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race .
Heather Doerksen is a Canadian actress who has appeared on stage, and on screen alongside such actors as Kathy Bates, William H .
Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation or APSRTC is the state-owned road transport corporation in the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Logi Entertainment is a Korean company, established in April 2005, which specializes in producing music and entertainment .
Ferguson Marine Engineering Ltd is a shipyard located in Port Glasgow on the River Clyde in Scotland .
Jack Rush is an American non-fiction writer, screenwriter, and actor, who has appeared in tv shows, films, and stage plays since the early 1980s .
Kaduna is the state capital of Kaduna State in north-western Nigeria, on the Kaduna River, is a trade center and a major transportation hub for the surrounding agricultural areas with its rail and road junction .
BMCE Bank International, formerly known as MediCapital Bank Plc is an international bank specialising in Africa and regulated by the UK Financial Services Authority .
The Sokoto Caliphate was an Islamic state, the most powerful in West Africa in the nineteenth century .
The Munich–Augsburg Railway Company , the second private railway company in Bavaria, built the Munich–Augsburg line between 1838 and 1840 .
The Anatolic Theme were powerful individuals, several of them rising to the imperial throne or launching failed rebellions to capture it .
Justin Branam is an American singer/songwriter who resides in Nashville, Tennessee, United States and is signed with Seedcast Music Group .
Pioneer Kitchenware , formerly known as the Ghana Pioneer Aluminium Factory, is a kitchenware retailer in Ghana .
Gazaz Ltd is one of the largest South African computer hardware manufacturers and distributors .
Christian Manon, born 5 January 1950, is a French-Australian actor based in Sydney, best known for his work in theatre .
Arigo Padovan was an Italian professional road bicycle racer, who won stages in both the Tour de France and the Giro d'Italia .
Dmailer specialized in portable backup and synchronization software for a range of mobile devices, including USB flash drives, memory cards, external hard disk drives, MP3 players, embedded phone memories, SIM cards and flash-based memory cards for mobile phones .
Byumba Province was one of the 12 former provinces prior to its dissolution in January 2006 .
Karns Quality Foods, also known as Karns Prime & Fancy Food, is a privately owned supermarket chain in the Harrisburg metropolitan area of Pennsylvania .
Murfin Music International and Murfin Media are companies run by Muff Murfin, and are based at The Old Smithy Studios in Kempsey, Worcestershire, England .
Mechel is one of Russia’s leading mining and metals companies, comprising producers of coal, iron ore in concentrate, steel, rolled steel products .
Non-recourse debt or a non-recourse loan is a secured loan that is secured by a pledge of collateral, typically real property, but for which the borrower is not personally liable .
Knipping Verbindungstechnik GmbH is a German company that specializes in fasteners and related products .
Stavropol Soviet Republic was part of the RSFSR in the territory of Stavropol Guberniya of the Imperial Russia .
John Jovino Gun Shop or the John Jovino Company is a firearms dealer and factory located at 183 Grand Street, in Little Italy, a neighborhood of the New York City borough of Manhattan .
In Greek mythology, Rhoeo ; she then put him on the altar of Apollo and prayed to the god that the baby be saved if it was his .
Walter Micallef is a leading Maltese singer songwriter, born in the central Maltese town of Birkirkara .
Meidensha Corporation is a Japanese, Tokyo-based company, engaged in the manufacturing and selling of generators, substation equipment, water treatment equipment, electronic equipment, and information equipment .
The Twin City Rapid Transit Company , was a transportation company that operated streetcars, and buses in the Minneapolis-St .
The State of Kharan was an autonomous princely state in a subsidiary alliance with British India, until the departure of the British from the subcontinent in August 1947 .
Qurghonteppa Oblast was an administrative subdivision in Tajikistan until 1992, when it was merged with Kulob Oblast to create Khatlon Province .
Marc Janko is an Austrian footballer who plays as a striker for Australian A-League club Sydney FC and the Austrian national team, which he currently captains .
Partsrederiet Kystekspressen ANS branded as Kystekspressen or the Coast Express is a shipping company that operates passenger ferry services between Trondheim and Kristiansund, Norway .
Solimpeks is a Turkish company dedicated to manufacture and market solar thermal and photovoltaic thermal hybrid solar collectors worldwide .
The Dutch Gold Coast or Dutch Guinea, officially Dutch possessions on the Coast of Guinea was a portion of contemporary Ghana that was gradually colonized by the Dutch, beginning in 1598 .
Political media are communication vehicles owned, ruled, managed, or otherwise influenced by political entities, meant to propagate views of the related entity .
Sibolga is a city and a port located in the natural harbour of Sibolga Bay on the west coast of North Sumatra province, in Indonesia .
Spicy Horse is a Shanghai-based independent video game developer started by American McGee, Anthony Jacobson, and Adam Lang in 2007 .
Bremen-Verden, formally the Duchies of Bremen and Verden , were two territories and immediate fiefs of the Holy Roman Empire, which emerged and gained Imperial immediacy in 1180 .
Guitars in the Classroom , The D'Addario Music Foundation, The Bill Graham Memorial Foundation, The Wishlist Foundation, as well as individual donors .
The Radio Research Consortium is a non-profit research company based in Olney, Maryland which provides listener data on radio audiences to non-commercial stations in the United States .
Nadeem is a Pakistani actor, singer, producer who has acted in several films, telefilms, and TV drama serials .
The County of Holzappel was an immediate state of the Holy Roman Empire, located in the present German state of Rhineland-Palatinate .
Adam Rankin ""Stovepipe"" Johnson was an antebellum Western frontiersman and later an officer in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War .
Spanish West Africa is a former possession in the western Sahara Desert that Spain ruled after giving much of its former northwestern African possessions to Morocco .
Ben McCrow is a British Death Metal and Punk vocalist known for his work with Gorerotted, The Rotted and most recently Extreme Noise Terror .
The Prince-Bishopric of Warmia , King Frederick II guaranteed the free exercise of religion for the Catholics, so the religious body of the Roman Catholic diocese continued to exist, known since 1992 as the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Warmia .
Solent Blue Line Ltd, which trades primarily under the name Bluestar, is a bus operator providing services in Hampshire .
Ilana Mercer is a writer, born in South Africa to Rabbi Ben Isaacson and raised in Israel, where the family decided to move after Rabbi Ben Isaacson's anti-apartheid preaching and activism led to their harassment by South African security forces .
Fürstenberg-Pürglitz was a line of noble family hailing from southwestern Baden-Württemberg, Germany, which was seated at Křivoklát Castle in Bohemia .
In Greek mythology, Metion was a son of King Erechtheus of Athens or of Eupalamus, son of King Erechtheus .
Hamsika Iyer is an Indian singer based in Mumbai—born in Pune and brought up in Mumbai .
HP Enterprise Services is the global business and technology services subsidiary of Hewlett Packard's HP Enterprise Business strategic business unit .
The Sātavāhana Empire was a royal Indian dynasty based from Dharanikota and Amaravati in Andhra Pradesh as well as Junnar in Maharashtra .
The West Indies Sugar & Trading Company Ltd is a partnership between the government of Barbados and the private sector in order to help support the Barbados sugar industry, primarily through the production, marketing and export of a premium sugar brand, Plantation Reserve .
Chris Pinnick is an American guitarist and songwriter, probably best known for his work with the band Chicago from 1980-1986 .
Blangpidie or Blang Pidie is a town in the Aceh province of Indonesia and it is the capital of Southwest Aceh Regency .
Carbon Poker is a major poker room that is part of the Australian-based Merge Gaming Network .
Flad Architects is an employee-owned, national architectural firm with offices in Madison, Wisconsin; Atlanta, Georgia; Tampa, Florida; Raleigh, North Carolina; San Francisco, California; and New York, New York .
The Dhamra Port is a major newly developed Port in Bhadrak district, Odisha, India, on the shore of the Bay of Bengal about seven kilometers from the old port of Dhamra .
Derek Robert Hussey is a Ulster Unionist politician from Northern IrelandHussey was educated at Omagh Model School, Omagh Academy and Stranmillis College, Belfast .
AE Smith & Son Pty Ltd is the largest privately owned commercial air-conditioning and mechanical services contractor in Australia focusing on heating, ventilation, air-conditioning, electrical, controls, fire protection, construction and commissioning .
Sachin is one of the major Industrial city in Surat Metropolitan Region in the Indian state of Gujarat .
Charles Frederick Sabel is an American academic and professor of Law and Social Science at the Columbia Law School .
Burnbrae Farms - Burnbrae Farms is a Canadian producer and processor of eggs, supplying grocery store chains, the food service industry, large bakeries and industrial customers .
Basseterre , estimated population 15,500 in 2000, is the capital of the Federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis in the West Indies .
The North Borneo Chartered Company or British North Borneo Company was a chartered company assigned to administer North Borneo , which means ""I undertake and I achieve"" .
Mah Sing Group Berhad is a Bursa Malaysia-listed Malaysian real estate developer and plastic products manufacturer .
Tasikmalaya is a city in southeastern West Java, Indonesia, located between Bandung and Purwokerto on the southerly of the two major road routes across Java .
In the mortgage industry of the United States, A-paper is a term to describe a mortgage loan for which the asset and borrower meet the following criteria: In the United States, the borrower has a credit score of 680 or higher The borrower fully documents his income and assets The borrower's debt to income ratio does not exceed 35% The borrower retains 2 months of mortgage payments in reserves after closing The borrower injects at least 20% equityThe A series is also an ISO 216 series of paper sizes .
RFUGrey is a primarily freeform hardcore label located in the UK and promoting the distribution of free music .
Jacques Schwarz-Bart , showed him how to play the seven fundamental rhythms: Toumblak, Graj, Lewoz, Kalagya, Padjanbel, Mende, Woulé .
San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca , with more than 200,000 counting the suburbia, what represents around 70% of the population of the province .
The Eastern Wei followed the disintegration of the Northern Wei, and ruled northern China from 534 to 550 .
Schoolwires, Incorporated is an educational website, hosting and content management provider headquartered in State College, Pennsylvania, USA .
Pacitan in the west, Ponorogo Regency and Wonogiri Regency in the north, Trenggalek Regency in the east, and Indian Ocean in the south .
Poorman Mayfield Music Group is record label group founded in 2009 by Grammy-winning jazz trumpeter and bandleader Irvin Mayfield .
ILD Teleservices, is a clearing house for LEC billing and alternative payment options, such as e-checks, ACH and micro payments .
Evil Controllers is a Tempe, Arizona-based company operated by brothers Adam and Jonah Coe that modifies Xbox One, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 controllers .
Schau's Buss is a bus company that operates routes in Vestby, Oslo on contract with Stor-Oslo Lokaltrafikk .
Balige is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Toba Samosir Regency .
Tommy McKearney was a hunger striker and member of the Provisional Irish Republican Army .
The Kingdom of Ceredigion was one of several Welsh kingdoms that emerged in 5th-century post-Roman Britain .
Germany is made up of sixteen states, known as Bundesländer and in areas where they have legislative authority they have limited powers to conclude international treaties with the consent of the federal government .
MANWEB was the regional electricity supplier and distributor for Merseyside, North Wales and parts of Cheshire .
Rowa Automatisierungssysteme GmbH is market leader for automated stock handling in pharmacies and hospitals with its storage and dispensing systems .
Denmark–Norway is a former political entity consisting of the united kingdoms of Denmark and Norway, including overseas Norwegian dependencies of Iceland, Greenland, the Faroe Islands, and the Northern Isles .
Ric Fierabracci is an American Professional Bassist who has toured and/or recorded with such artists as Frank Gambale, Chick Corea, Sir Tom Jones, Dave Weckl, Bradley Joseph, Shakira, Nancy Sinatra, Planet X, The 5th Dimension, The Beach Boys, and Yanni .
The European Broadcasting Union is an alliance of public service media entities, established on the 12 February 1950 .
Shabbir Ahmed is a writer of books in both Urdu and English on history and Islam .
Wheelchair & Ambulatory Sports USA , also known as Junior Nationals, the longest continually run competition for athletes with disabilities in the United States .
Sho Ito is a Japanese football player who plays for Japanese team Shimizu S-Pulse and represented Japan's Under-20 team at the 2006 AFC Youth Championship .
The Fiji Broadcasting Corporation and its first free-to-air television FBC TV was launched on 25 November 2011 .
Camp Wekeela is a 60-acre sleep-away summer camp in Maine with close to 300 campers and 135 employees .
Nord Stream AG is a consortium for construction and operation of the Nord Stream submarine pipeline between Vyborg in Russia and Greifswald in Germany, a project initially promoted by Chancellor Gerhard Schröder and President Vladimir Putin .
Joanna McCallum having previously been Chairman and being involved in the charity for many years .
MSDSonline is a private company that creates programs designed to organize material safety data sheets for other businesses .
The Southern Court whose claims to sovereignty during the Nanboku-chō period spanning from 1336 through 1392 were usurped by the Northern Court .
DuPont Danisco Cellulosic Ethanol LLC is a 50/50 joint venture between DuPont and Genencor, a subsidiary of Danisco .
Joyce Carol Thomas is an African-American poet, playwright, motivational speaker, and author of more than 30 children's books .
The Essex was a brand of automobile produced by the Essex Motor Company between 1918 and 1922 and by Hudson Motor Company of Detroit, Michigan between 1922 and 1932 .
The Empire of Great Kesh is a fictional nation on Midkemia, a world created by a fantasy role-playing group and popularized by Raymond E .
Johan Bergqvist is a keyboard-based singer pop band Nutmeg as well as a frequently hired freelance musician .
Madison Dearborn Partners is an American private equity firm specializing in leveraged buyouts of privately held or publicly traded companies, or divisions of larger companies; recapitalizations of family-owned or closely held companies; balance sheet restructurings; acquisition financings; and growth capital investments in mature companies .
Eric Stenman is an American record producer or bass in bands like Elegy, Bureau of the Glorious, and Tinfed .
Estonia has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 20 times since making its debut in 1994 .
Marilyn Grace Bell Di Lascio is a retired long distance swimmer, born October 19, 1937, in Toronto, Ontario .
Errol Lee, the son of music producer Bunny Lee and singer Merlene Webber was born in Kingston Jamaica .
The NWA Central States Television Championship was the secondary singles chamoionship for the Heart of America Sports Attractions / Central States Wrestling promotion from 1977 until the promotion ceased to exist in 1988 .
The County of Sicily was a Norman state comprising the islands of Sicily and Malta from 1071 until 1130 .
Cahaba, also spelled Cahawba, was the first permanent state capital of Alabama from 1820 to 1825 .
Herschel Shmoikel Pinchas Yerucham Krustofski, better known as Krusty the Clown, is a cartoon character in the animated television series The Simpsons .
Space Imaging Middle East LLC , as part of a survey to monitor the production of illicit crops .
Skip James Holm is a retired pilot who lives on the eastern slope of the Sierra Nevada .
Oerlikon Balzers is a part of the OC Oerlikon group, a Swiss technology conglomerate, and a supplier of PVD coatings .
Created by Jean de Brunhoff between 1931 and 1937, Babar's Kingdom, also known in French as Le pays des Éléphants .
Zhili until the province was dissolved in 1928 during the Republic of China era .
SDE Sea Wave Power Plant is a type of renewable energy power plant utilizing sea wave energy for the production of electricity .
Malabo is the capital of Equatorial Guinea, located on the northern coast of Bioko Island it is also the second largest city in the country, after Bata in Río Muni on the African mainland .
The original Columbia Restaurant, located in the historic Ybor City neighborhood in Tampa, Florida, is the oldest continuously operated restaurant in Florida, the oldest Spanish restaurant in the United States and one of the largest Spanish restaurants in the world with 1,700 seats in 15 dining rooms taking up 52,000 ft² over an entire city block .
Martin Aitchison was an illustrator for the Eagle comic from 1952 to 1963, and then one of the main illustrators for Ladybird Books from 1963 to 1990 .
Abakaliki is the capital city of the present-day Ebonyi State in southeastern Nigeria, located 64 kilometres southeast of Enugu .
Chechen National Okrug was an administrative division of the early Russian SFSR, one of the seven national okrugs into which the Mountain Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic was divided .
The Vilayet of Kosovo , where distinct Ottoman architecture and public baths were erected, some of which can still be seen today .
The National Student Travel Foundation – NSTF - was founded by public deed in 1977 .
Licchavi was an ancient kingdom in Nepal, which existed in the Kathmandu Valley from approximately 400 to 750 .
Kota Kinabalu formerly known as Jesselton, is the capital of the state of Sabah, located in East Malaysia .
Brooktree was an American company founded in 1983 by Henry Katzenstein to commercialize a faster hardware architecture for digital to analog converters, three to eight times faster than the converters then on the market .
In Greek mythology, Cretheus ; Myrina, who married Thoas; and an unnamed daughter, who became the mother of Asterius by Teutamus .
Bernard Sidney Dittman was the longtime owner, president, and general manager of radio stations WABB and WABB-FM in Mobile, Alabama .
Cape Verde was a colony of the Portuguese Empire from the initial settlement of the Cape Verde Islands in 1462 until the independence of Cape Verde in 1975 .
Penelope Anne Corrin on the Fringe Festival circuit, with performances in Vancouver, Ottawa, Montreal and New York .
Dredging, Environmental and Marine Engineering NV is an international group of specialised companies in the field of capital and maintenance dredging, land reclamation, port infrastructure development, offshore related services for the oil & gas industry, farshore windfarm installation, environmental remediation a .
Mary Forrest George, née Baxter is a British-Canadian writer of 31 historical romance novels from 1986 to 2010 .
Chattanooga Corporation is an American developer of technology for unconventional oil, particularly for tar sands and shale oil extraction .
The term citizen media refers to forms of content produced by private citizens who are otherwise not professional journalists .
The Empire of Brazil was a 19th-century state that broadly comprised the territories which form modern Brazil and Uruguay .
The Hindu–German Conspiracy Trial commenced in the District Court in San Francisco on November 12, 1917 following the uncovering of the Hindu–German Conspiracy for initiating a revolt in India .
GTCR LLC is a private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout, leveraged recapitalization, growth capital and rollup transactions .
Jeffrén Isaac Suárez Bermúdez , simply known as Jeffrén, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Valladolid as a forward or winger .
Multi-percussionist Renzo Spiteri is a versatile solo artiste and session musician who creates ""a sheer mesmerising atmosphere whenever he performs"" .
Robert Hampton ""Robbie"" Rogers is an American professional soccer player who plays for LA Galaxy in Major League Soccer .
San Marino, officially the Republic of San Marino , with a figure comparable to the most developed European regions .
Bank of Scotland International was the international banking division of Bank of Scotland plc, part of Lloyds Banking Group .
Drammen Kommunale Trikk was a Norwegian company that operated the Drammen trolleybus and bus system between July 1, 1947 and 1981, though the trolleybus system was closed in 1967 .
Julia Gray, formerly Julia Johnson, is a London-born singer-songwriter and a founder-member of Post Trip-Hop band Second Person .
The American Mime Theatre is a professional performing company and training school based in New York City .
Lourdes Virginia Moran Poe, generally known as Lovi Poe , is a Filipina actress and singer .
Thomas Leo McCarey was a three-time Academy Award winning American film director, screenwriter and producer .
Stefan Arndt is a German film producer and managing partner of X Filme Creative Pool, which he started with fellow friends Tom Tykwer, Wolfgang Becker and Dani Levy .
Georgi Bliznashki is a Bulgarian politician and a former Member of the European Parliament .
Fever Records was the New York City freestyle record label of the 80s, founded by promoter Sal Abbatiello .
Kelly Bell and worked on the night show and in 2012 has done the occasional day show .
The New Haven Colony was a small English colony in North America, in what is now the state of Connecticut, from 1637 to 1664 .
The Thornbridge Brewery is an independent brewery founded and formerly situated in the grounds of Thornbridge Hall near Bakewell, Derbyshire, England .
The Kilwa Sultanate was a Medieval sultanate, centered at Kilwa , whose authority, at its height, stretched over the entire length of the Swahili Coast .
The Princely State of Beja was a semi-sovereign kingdom of India with the title of Thakur .
María Irene Fornés is a Cuban-American avant garde playwright and director who was a leading figure of the Off-Off-Broadway movement in the 1960s .
Francis Preston Whitehair was an American politician and statesman most notable for having served as Under Secretary of the Navy as part of the Truman Administration .
Chi-X Global is a global, consortium-backed operator of alternative equity trading venues that compete with primary exchanges .
China Resources Power Holdings Company Limited , or China Resources Power, was incorporated and registered in Hong Kong in 2001 .
All By Students Notebooks is a college marketing company that partners with universities across the United States to spearhead a free school supplies initiative for students .
The Kingdom of Aragon was a medieval and early modern kingdom in the Iberian Peninsula, corresponding to the modern-day autonomous community of Aragon, in Spain .
Dhundhar, also known as Jaipur region, is a historical region of Rajasthan state in western India .
The Weaver Popcorn Company, based in Van Buren, Indiana, is one of the largest popcorn companies in the United States .
Verity Helen Firth from 2007 to 2008, Minister for Climate Change and the Environment in 2008, and as the Minister for Education and Training from 2009 to 2011 .
Palatinate-Lützelstein-Guttenberg was a state of the Holy Roman Empire based around La Petite-Pierre in the far northeast of France .
A self-governing colony is a colony with an elected government in which elected rulers are able to make most decisions without referring to the colonial power with nominal control of the colony .
Chitral was a princely state in alliance with British India until 1947, then a princely state of Pakistan until 1969 .
Craig Linton Estes is a Republican member of the Texas Senate representing the 30th District .
Ronald Steven Calderon was a Democratic California State Senator from the 30th Senate District .
Richard Morel is an American singer-songwriter, DJ, remixer and record producer from the suburbs of Boston, Massachusetts .
Dubai Aviation Corporation , is a low-cost airline with its head office and flight operations in Terminal 2 of Dubai International Airport .
Fundoo T is an internet-based ongoing t-shirt design competition targeting customers of 14+ who make up a world-wide community of graphic designers, artists, and everyday t-shirt consumers .
Marcher Radio Group Ltd, previously Marcher Sound Ltd, was a former British media organisation which operated several radio stations in north Wales and north west England .
The British Thyroid Foundation is a UK-based, patient-led, registered charity dedicated to supporting people with thyroid disorders and helping their families and people around them to understand the condition .
Wied-Neuwied was a German statelet of northeastern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, located northeast of the Rhine River, north and inclusive of Neuwied .
Eyal Golan , is a popular Israeli singer of Yemenite and Moroccan Jewish origins who sings in the Mizrahi style and considered one of the most successful singers of the Mizrahi genre in Israel .
The Dairy Industry Association of Australia is a not-for-profit industry association for dairy product manufacturers and allied trades .
The Azerbaijan People's Government was a short-lived government in northern Iran from November 1945 to November 1946 .
Tyler Media Group, also known as Tyler Broadcasting Corporation or simply Tyler Media, headquartered in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, is a media company which owns five television stations .
The Kingdom of Ireland was a state in Ireland from the proclamation of King Henry VIII of England as King of Ireland by the Crown of Ireland Act 1542 until the Acts of Union 1800 .
The European Union comprises 28 member states, which are party to the founding treaties of the union and thereby subject to the privileges and obligations of membership .
Michael Knighton is an English businessman, best known for his involvement in Manchester United and Carlisle United football clubs .
Bloch Publishing Company is the oldest Jewish publishing company, and one of the oldest ongoing family businesses, in the United States .
Melbourne Wireless is a non-profit project to develop a community wireless network in Melbourne and end recurrent telco fees .
The Duchy of Nysa was one of the duchies of Silesia with its capital at Nysa in Lower Silesia .
New Reliable Press is a Canadian based comic book and graphic novel publishing company, owned and operated by Ed Brisson .
Alexander Valterovich Litvinenko was a fugitive officer of the Russian FSB secret service who specialised in tackling organised crime .
Shannon Sturges is an American actress, best known for her role as Reese Burton Peterson in The WB primetime soap opera Savannah .
Musicadium was a global digital music and video distribution service that operated between 2006 and mid-2010, based in Brisbane, Australia, until they were bought over by Valleyarm .
Tirelli Costumi Roma is a Rome-based costume house, which supplies period costumes to motion picture productions .
Alexander ""Sandy"" Stoddart and read the History of Art at the University of Glasgow .
Angelina Napolitano or Angelina Neapolitano was an immigrant to Canada who murdered her abusive husband in 1911, igniting a public debate about domestic violence and the death penalty .
Submissionist was the term used by southern secessionists in the year preceding the American Civil War to describe southerners who wanted to preserve the Union .
Sri Lanka Ports Authority is the state-owned operator of major commercial ports in Sri Lanka .
Ram Ji Lal Suman is an Indian politician for the Firozabad in Uttar Pradesh .
Ryohei Odai , is a Japanese actor and voice actor probably best known for providing the voice of Orga Sabnak in Gundam Seed and portraying Shuichi Kitaoka/Kamen Rider Zolda in Kamen Rider Ryuki .
The Duchy of Magdeburg was a province of Brandenburg-Prussia from 1680 to 1701 and a province of the Kingdom of Prussia from 1701 to 1807 .
The Axholme Joint Railway was a committee created as a joint enterprise between the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway and was established by the North Eastern Railway Act of 31 July 1902 .
The Free Hanseatic City of Bremen in the North of Germany, separated from each other and surrounded by the larger state of Lower Saxony .
The Fox Broadcasting Company , is an American commercial broadcast television network that is owned by the Fox Entertainment Group division of 21st Century Fox .
Electricity North West is a British electricity distribution network operator, responsible for the administration and maintenance of the network that distributes electricity throughout the North West of England .
William ""Bill"" James Robert Shillito , more commonly known as DM Ashura, is an electronic artist whose work can be found in the music games O2Jam, Dance Dance Revolution, StepMania, beatmania IIDX, Flash Flash Revolution, Pump it Up Pro 2 and Pump it Up Fiesta EX .
Graphic Universe, an imprint of Lerner Publishing Group, was launched in 2006 and publishes books in graphic novel format .
Assen is a municipality and a city in the northeastern Netherlands, and is the capital of the province of Drenthe .
Accelrys is a software company headquartered in the United States, with representation in Europe and Asia .
Allegiance Communications is an American provider of cable TV, broadband Internet, and VOIP telephony services to rural and mid-size markets in Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, and Texas .
Kunnskapsforlaget is a Norwegian publishing company based in Oslo that concentrates on encyclopedias, encyclopedic books, textbooks, and dictonaries .
Illovo Sugar Limited based in Mount Edgecombe, Durban, South Africa is Africa’s biggest sugar producer and has extensive agricultural and manufacturing operations in six African countries .
The Confederate Monument of Bowling Green, in Bowling Green, Kentucky, is among the sixty-one monuments of the Civil War Monuments of Kentucky Multiple Property Submission, all of which became part of the National Register of Historic Places on July 17, 1997 .
Igor Lukanin is a former competitive ice dancer who competed internationally for Azerbaijan with Kristin Fraser .
Blowtorch Entertainment is a new media company that was co-founded by Kelly Rodriques and Paul Schiff starring Bijou Phillips, and is in post-production on the feature film Tenure .
Yuval Steinitz is an Israeli politician and Knesset member for Likud since 1999 .
UAZ is an automobile manufacturer based in Ulyanovsk, Russia which manufactures off-road vehicles, buses and trucks .
Ayşe Arman is a Turkish journalist, and a regular columnist in the newspaper Hürriyet .
Andrew ""Andy"" Bolton is an English powerlifter and strongman who was born in Dewsbury, Yorkshire .
The Knight Capital Group was an American global financial services firm engaging in market making, electronic execution, and institutional sales and trading .
Santa Bárbara Sistemas is a Spanish defense contractor based in Madrid, integrated under the European Land Systems of General Dynamics .
The Duchy of Oświęcim , was one of many Duchies of Silesia, formed in the aftermath of the fragmentation of Poland .
Imo State is one of the 36 states of Nigeria and lies in the south eastern of Nigeria with Owerri as its capital and largest city .
Royal Copenhagen, officially the Royal Porcelain Factory is a manufacturer of porcelain products and was founded in Copenhagen 1 May 1775 under the protection of Queen Juliane Marie .
Travis Shook is a jazz pianist who made his eponymous Columbia Records debut in a quartet that included Tony Williams and Bunky Green .
French Cameroons , or Cameroun, was a French colonial Mandate territory in French Equatorial Africa, now part of Cameroon .
Azure Capital Partners, founded 2000, is an early stage venture capital firm that invests in the information technology industry using an investment research approach to venture capital investing .
Bayerische Motoren Werke AG , commonly known as BMW or BMW AG, is a German automobile, motorcycle and engine manufacturing company founded in 1916 .
China National Building Material Company or CNBM , established in 1984, is a state-owned enterprise administrated by the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council of the People's Republic of China, engaging in cement, lightweight building materials, glass fiber and fibre-reinforced plastic products and engineering service businesses .
Bahgat Group is a group of companies in Egypt that manufacture electronics, household appliances, furniture, and medical equipment .
Pagaruyung was the seat of the Minangkabau kings of Western Sumatra, though little is known about it .
Andriy Sokolenko is a Ukrainian football defender who plays for Kharkiv in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Balance Consulting LLC is a company that provides training and advisory services for tax information reporting , accounts payable, and sales and use tax to businesses .
Falcon International Bank is a Texas community bank founded in 1986 and headquartered in Laredo, Texas .
Stolt-Nielsen Limited is the world’s leading provider of integrated transportation and storage solutions for specialty and bulk liquid chemicals and a wide range of other liquid products .
Elopak is a Norwegian company producing cartons for liquids, starting with aseptic gable top cartons for milk .
Northern Spy Records is a record label founded in 2010 by Tom Abbs and Adam Downey .
The Billung March , granting him control of the border with rule over the West Slavic Obotrite tribes, including the Polabians, Warnabi and Wagri, as well as the Redarii, Circipani, and Kissini tribes of the Veleti confederation, and the Danes, who had repeatedly campaigned the territory .
Greenwood Hall is a publicly traded educational technology company that provides cloud-based people and technology solutions designed to help post-secondary institutions better manage the student lifecycle .
World Champion Records is an independent record label owned by members of the band FM Belfast .
Shui On Land Limited is the flagship property company of the Hong Kong-based Shui On Group .
X-Ray Kid Studios is a privately held entertainment company specializing in Video Game Development, Comic Books, Television Production and Film based in Newport Beach, California and Seattle, Washington, U .
Mercuria Energy Group Ltd is a Swiss privately held international commodity trading company active over a wide spectrum of global energy markets including crude oil and refined petroleum products, natural gas , power, coal, biodiesel, carbon emissions, base metals and agricultural products .
Kasumi Suzuki is a Japanese actress born on June 21, 1990 in Kanagawa, Japan .
North Carolina from the coast, the western, mountainous part of the state has a subtropical highland climate .
Frank Arnold is a former men's basketball coach who coached at Brigham Young University from 1975–1983 and at the University of Hawaii from 1985-1987 .
Fariñas Transit Company is one of the major Philippines public transport companies connecting the Luzon provinces to the national capital in Manila .
Owl Goingback is an American author of horror and children's books, a fiction ghostwriter, and a writer of non-fiction .
Karang Baru is a town in Aceh province of Indonesia and it is the seat of Aceh Tamiang Regency .
Michael Gurley is an American musician whose musical talents have been featured in many successful rock bands including dada and Butterfly Jones .
KC Porter and for producing and penning some of the most popular Spanish language singles for Ricky Martin to date .
Global Marine Systems is a specialist provider of installation, maintenance and repairs of submarine communications cable for the Telecommunications, Oil & Gas and Deep Sea Research industries a known leader in subsea engineering .
Scotland is a country that is part of the United Kingdom and covers the northern third of the island of Great Britain .
Alan Mark Grayson is the United States Representative for Florida's 9th congressional district and a member of the Democratic Party .
Firstsource is a provider of Business Process Outsourcing services headquartered in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India .
The Ghantewala Halwai in India It has catered to Mughal Emperors, Presidents and Prime Ministers of India, from Nehru to his grandson Rajiv Gandhi .
NebuAd was an American online advertising company based in Redwood City, California, with offices in New York and London and was funded by the investment companies Sierra Ventures and Menlo Ventures .
Wine to Water is a non-profit organization focused on providing clean water to people around the world .
Al Fajer Group Dubai, United Arab Emirates is a nationally owned holding company established in 1970 by Sheikh Hasher bin Maktoum Al Maktoum of Dubai's ruling family .
Palatinate-Simmern-Sponheim was a state of the Holy Roman Empire based in the County Palatine of Simmern and the Palatinian portion of the County of Sponheim in modern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany .
The Singing Machine Company is a public company listed on the OTC Bulletin Board under the ticker symbol SMDM .
East Sumatra was a component state within the Republic of the United States of Indonesia, which existed between 1949 and 1950 .
IMAGICA Corporation is a Japanese post-production company for movies, television programmes and commercials, etc .
In Greek mythology, Termerus , for it seems Termerus killed passengers that he met by running with his head against them .
Kudremukh Iron Ore Company Ltd is a Government of India enterprise with its head office in Bangalore .
Penn-Grover Envelope Corporation based in Long Island City, New York was a major printer of envelopes and direct mail components primarily for financial institutions .
The Abu Dhabi Investment Council is an investment arm of the Government of Abu Dhabi .
Khaniadna is a town and a Nagar Palika in Shivpuri district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh .
Casa de Cadillac is a Buick Cadillac dealership located on 14401 Ventura Boulevard, in Sherman Oaks, CA .
Collarity is a privately funded web services company based in Palo Alto, California that provides a recommendation system, social search, and online advertising services for web publishers .
Dame Sarah Ann Swift, GBE, RRC was a nurse and founder in 1916 of the Royal College of Nursing, thereby introducing Nurse registration .
Kutkai is a town and seat of Kutkai Township, in the Shan State of eastern-central Burma .
Aek Kanopan is a town or subdistrict in North Labuhan Batu Regency, North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat of North Labuhan Batu Regency .
Peak Resorts is a privately owned Missouri-company that operates ski resorts in the Midwest and Northeast United States .
sE Electronics is a microphone and studio monitor manufacturer, based in Shanghai, China and Hitchin, England .
Jasmine Rosemary Cresswell is a best-selling author of over 50 romance novels as Jasmine Cresswell and Jasmine Craig .
The Little App Factory is a software company based in Sydney, Australia which develops software for the Mac OS X platform .
Darren Foreman , better known as Beardyman, is a British musician from London renowned for his beatboxing skills and use of live looping technology .
Huppenkothen GmbH & Co KG is a company specializing in compact and mini excavators in Europe .
Camp Nelson Confederate Cemetery is a historic cemetery located near Cabot in northern Lonoke County, Arkansas and is the site of Confederate military camp where 1,500 Confederate soldiers died during an epidemic during the fall of 1862 .
Chur or Coire is the capital of the Swiss canton of Graubünden and lies in the northern part of the canton .
Gareth David-Lloyd is a Welsh actor best known for his role as Ianto Jones in the British science fiction television programme Torchwood .
Great American Cookies is a chain of independently owned and operated franchised stores that specialize in gourmet cookies .
José Rafael Peralta represents District 13 in the New York State Senate, which includes the Queens neighborhoods of Corona, East Elmhurst, Elmhurst, Jackson Heights and Woodside .
In Greek mythology, Theona was a daughter of Dymas, a sister of Hecuba and wife of Amycus .
Mermaid Theatre of Nova Scotia was co-founded in 1972 in Wolfville, Nova Scotia, by the late Evelyn Garbary, Tom Miller, and Sara Lee Lewis who continues to serve as Managing Director .
The Kingdom of Portugal was a monarchy on the Iberian Peninsula and the predecessor of modern Portugal .
Gonzalo Manuel García García , known as simply Gonzalo, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Cypriot club Anorthosis Famagusta FC as an attacking midfielder .
The Archaic Southwest was the culture of the southwestern United States between 6500 BC and 200 AD .
Opes Prime Group Limited was an Australian securities lending and stockbroking firm which suffered a dramatic collapse in 2008 .
Maria Vidal in 1984; it also reached #8 on the US dance charts, #5 in South Africa and #11 in the UK .
Galletas Gullón in 1892, Gullón is the leading producer of biscuits in Spain, with an annual production of 102 million kg and a turnover of 163 million euros in 2009 .
Artem Serhiyovych Starhorodskyi is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for Shakhtyor Salihorsk in the Belarusian Premier League .
Birely, Hillman & Streaker was a prominent Philadelphian shipbuilding firm through the latter part of the 19th century .
Och-Ziff Capital Management Group is an American hedge fund manager and global alternative asset management firm .
The Association of Youth Organizations Nepal is a non-political, non-religious, non-governmental, not-for-profit, autonomous network of Youth Organizations and as such, a platform for collaboration, cooperation, joint action and collective endeavor between Youth Organizations in Nepal .
Anastasia Nabokina is a Russian ballerina born on 14 February 1971 in Moscow, Russia .
Gustavo Edgardo Cordera is an Argentine rock musician, best known as the ex frontman of the band Bersuit Vergarabat .
Mong Pan, Mongpan or Möngpan is a town and seat of Mong Pan Township in the southern Shan State of Burma .
Blake Leyh and sound design for the films of Julie Taymor, Ang Lee, Spike Lee, John Waters, and James Cameron .
Kennet Partners is a private equity investment firm that provides growth capital to information technology, Internet and business services companies in Europe and the US .
Strategic Marine Pty Ltd is a Western Australian-based shipbuilding company with facilities at Henderson in Western Australia, Vung Tau in Vietnam, Tuas in Singapore and Mazatlán in Mexico .
The Stickeen Territories , also colloquially rendered as Stickeen Territory, Stikine Territory, and Stikeen Territory, was a territory of British North America whose brief existence began July 19, 1862, and concluded July of the following year .
Monica Rich Kosann is a fine art black-and-white photographer, who is also the founder of the Monica Rich Kosann a, jewelry, home decor and accessory company .
Princess Marie of Denmark, Countess of Monpezat, RE is the second wife of Prince Joachim of Denmark .
International Intelligence Limited is a United Kingdom based company that operates in the security and intelligence sectors .
Crescent City Records was a New Orleans, Louisiana based record label of the mid-20th century that issued Dixieland jazz recordings .
Oxi Fresh Carpet Cleaning is a carpet, upholstery, and tile and grout cleaning company, ranked the 3rd Top New Franchise in 2011 by Entrepreneur Magazine .
Not to be confused with Shenzhen Investment, another company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange .
The Council on State Taxation is a state tax organization representing business taxpayers, noted by one prominent tax policy expert as the “most influential nongovernmental organization in the state tax policy arena .
The Damaturu Emirate is a Nigerian traditional state based in Damaturu, the capital of Yobe State, Nigeria .
The Merton Parkas were a mod revival band, formed in the Merton area of South London in the mid-1970s, by Danny Talbot .
Ramon Del Barrio on ABC’s primetime hit Making the Band, Principal Choreographer and Co-Director for critically acclaimed musical Sisterella, winner of NAACP Award including Best Musical, Best Director and Best Musical Staging and Choreography .
Thaddeus Stanley Golas was an American author best known for his 1971 book The Lazy Man's Guide to Enlightenment .
Elizabeth Price Foley is an American legal theorist who writes and comments in the fields of constitutional law, bioethics, and health care law .
Geoffrey Zanelli or Geoff Zanelli is a composer working primarily in the medium of film music .
Simon Collins is a British-Canadian musician, drummer and lead vocalist of the progressive rock band, Sound of Contact .
Mariental is a city of 10,000 inhabitants in south-central Namibia, lying on the B1 national road 145 miles .
The Kingdom of Iceland was a constitutional monarchy that existed through the Act of Union with Denmark signed on 1 December 1918 .
Premier Executive Transport Services was an airline listed as Foreign Corporation in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts .
The Ligurian Republic was a short-lived French client republic formed by Napoleon on 14 June 1797 .
Herff Jones manufactures and sells educational recognition and achievement products and motivational materials, and has been in continuous operation for 95 years .
Ensto is a Cleantech company specializing in electrical systems and supplies for the distribution of electrical power as well as electrical applications .
Lillehammer Olympiapark AS, trading as Olympiaparken, is a company established following the 1994 Winter Olympics to operate the Olympic venues in Lillehammer, Norway .
Minyue was an ancient kingdom located in what is now the province of Fujian in southern China .
Gary Daniel Liddle is an English footballer, who plays for Bradford City as a midfielder or defender .
The Chechen–Ingush Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic, or Chechen–Ingush ASSR : 611,405 being Chechens, 134,744 Ingushes, the rest being Russians and other ethnic groups .
""Toronto's enterprising One Little Goat Theatre Company"" is North America’s only theatre company devoted to modern and contemporary “poetic theatre .
The Nebraska Methodist Health System, also known as Bestcare, is a nonprofit Nebraskan healthcare organization that was founded in 1982 .
Patrick Joseph ""Pat"" Murphy is the Iowa State Representative from the 99th District and won the Democratic nomination in a five-way Democratic Primary to replace current Congressmen Bruce Braley, who is running for the US Senate .
The Azerbaijan Rural Investment Project The objective of the project is to improve the living standards of communities that participate by increasing their access to infrastructure services, by the building and/or repair of roads, health clinics, schools, footbridges, electrical resources, potable water resources, and irrigation and drainage systems .
Robert Venable is a GRAMMY Award-nominated, GMA Dove Award-winning producer, mixer, and engineer, currently based in Nashville, TN .
Paul Gardner , a nonprofit group providing leadership at the Capitol and within industry to promote recycling .
Zultys is a manufacturer of Voice-over-IP , a wide variety of IP business telephones, web and audio conference solutions, contact center systems and unified communications solutions through a global network of Zultys Certified Partners .
Qatar , is a sovereign Arab country located in Southwest Asia, occupying the small Qatar Peninsula on the northeastern coast of the Arabian Peninsula .
Pfizer UK is the principal subsidiary of the multinational pharmaceutical company Pfizer in the United Kingdom .
Newgate Clocks is a British company that design and manufacture decorative wall, mantel and alarm clocks for the home and gift industry .
Ralf Wadephul, born 1958 in Berlin, is a German keyboardist/composer who collaborated with Tangerine Dream .
The District of Columbia statehood movement is a political movement that advocates making the District of Columbia a U .
The Conch Republic have been described by some as ""tongue-in-cheek"", they were motivated by frustrations over genuine concerns .
Earth-Touch is a South Africa-based multimedia company that disseminates its content across multiple platforms, including television networks, video and DVD, the Internet and mobile phones .
The Banner of the Holy Roman Church was the battle standard of the Papal States during the Renaissance and a symbol of the Roman Catholic Church .
CURRENT Group provides real time distribution grid visibility through intelligent sensing and analytics for Smart Grid projects with utilities worldwide .
Alan Light is an American journalist who has been a rock critic for Rolling Stone and the editor-in-chief for both Vibe and Spin .
MTI ShowSpace is a non-profit social networking site for people involved in musical youth theatre and putting on live Broadway shows – like High School Musical, The Music Man, Aladdin, Jr .
GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd is an Indian subsidiary of GlaxoSmithKline plc, one of the world's leading research based pharmaceutical and healthcare companies .
The Kingdom of Gomma was one of the kingdoms in the Gibe region of Ethiopia that emerged in the 18th century .
Doosan Engine started out in 1984 with an annual capacity of 200,000 bhp , as well as diesel generator engines up to 200MW .
Cembrit is a of the distributor and manufacturer of fibre-cement products in Europe and offers a range of fibre-cement based products for roofing, interior cladding and exterior cladding .
Top Rope Promotions, formerly known as Yankee Pro Wrestling, is a Northeastern independent professional wrestling promotion based in New Bedford, Massachusetts and is the largest promotion in the southern New England-area rivaling other Northeastern promotions including Chaotic Wrestling, the Millennium Wrestling Federation and New England Championship Wrestling .
California Newsreel, founded in 1968, is an American non-profit, social justice film distribution and production company based in San Francisco, California .
Morari Bapu in both Gujarati and Hindi all over the world—including in India, the United States, the United Kingdom, South Africa, Kenya, Uganda, on a cruise ship in the Mediterranean Sea, and on an airplane travelling the world—since the mid-1970s .
Grinding Tapes Recording Company is an independent record label that documents Boston's indie folk music scene .
Nanchang is the capital of Jiangxi Province in southeastern China, located in the north-central portion of the province .
Brian Temba is a South African born performer, singer, songwriter and producer, known for his recent role as Ranthumeng Mokoena in the South African soap opera Muvhango and his role as Simba in the West End musical The Lion King .
Galen Partners is a leading growth equity late stage venture capital firm that invests in high-growth healthcare firms already generating revenue and focuses on healthcare technology enabled services, medical devices and specialty pharmaceutical companies .
Allco Financial Group was a fully integrated global financial services business, listed on the Australian Stock Exchange and headquartered in Sydney, Australia .
The Paris Decorators Corporation was founded in 1911 and operated a chain of nine furnishing stores in the metropolitan New York City area .
Ziehl-Abegg SE is a German manufacturer of fans for ventilation and air conditioning applications, as well as drive technology for elevators and motors with matching control technology .
O'Brien & Gere is a national provider of engineering, construction, and operational services for: industrial, municipal, Federal, food and beverage, higher education, and life sciences clients .
Jack Frost is the guitarist/founder of the heavy metal band Seven Witches and also a part of The Bronx Casket Company .
BioInformatics, LLC is a life science consulting firm, based in the United States, that provides market intelligence to companies serving the life science, medical device and pharmaceutical industries .
Robert Kurtzman is an American film director, producer, screenwriter, and special make-up effects creator .
Vantec Thermal Technologies is a privately held multinational corporation with headquarters and an R&D team in the US, sales/purchasing office in Taiwan and factories in Taiwan, Korea and China .
Pape Malickou Diakhaté is a Senegalese professional footballer who currently plays for Kayseri Erciyesspor, on loan from Granada CF, as a central defender .
The Duchy of Normandy grew out the 911 treaty of Saint-Clair-sur-Epte between King Charles III of West Francia and Rollo, leader of the Vikings, known as Northmen, or Nortmanni in Latin .
The Holy Roman Empire was a multi-ethnic complex of territories in central Europe that developed during the Early Middle Ages and continued until its dissolution in 1806 .
The Independent Financial Centre of the Americas is the world's first privately operated and independently regulated international financial centre .
The Rus' Khaganate is the name applied by some modern historians to a polity that was postulated to exist during a poorly documented period in the history of Eastern Europe, roughly the late 8th and early-to-mid-9th centuries AD .
The Chester Rolling Mill was a large iron rolling mill established by shipbuilder John Roach in Chester, Pennsylvania, United States in 1873 .
Benedek Broadcasting is a former television broadcaster, who owned and operated 22 network-affiliated television stations throughout the United States, all affiliated with major television networks, serving mainly small and medium-size markets .
George Soros and provided one of Europe's largest higher education endowments to Central European University in Budapest .
The term Vermont Republic has been used by later historians for the government of what became modern Vermont from 1777 to 1791 .
Georgia in total area, including expanses of water that are part of state territory .
Size Five Games is a British independent video game developer founded by Dan Marshall in 2008 .
Flipkart is an Indian E-Commerce company established in 2007 by Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal .
Nesodden–Bundefjord Dampskipsselskap, Nesoddbåtene or NBDS is a Norwegian shipping company that operates the passenger ferry in Oslofjord .
Alison Pargeter is an English actress who played the roles of stalker Sarah Cairns in the BBC soap opera EastEnders, also Mary Slessor in an 11-part television series of Mary Slessor, and the Nag's Head barmaid called Val in the BBC Only Fools and Horses prequel Rock & Chips .
Roock Racing is an auto racing team based in Leverkusen, Germany that was highly successful in numerous sports car and endurance racing series during the 1990s .
Camilla Marie Beeput also known simply as Camilla or Camilla Marie, is an English singer, and stage and television actress born in Westminster and raised in Brent, both in North London .
Trimedia International was a pan-European PR agency employing around 600 staff in 30 offices and 11 European countries .
Cristina Goettsch Mittermeier in Mexico City, Mexico is a marine biologist, photographer and biochemical engineer .
Andrea Consigli is an Italian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Serie A club Sassuolo .
Mosul is a city of over a million people in northern Iraq, some 400 km north of Baghdad .
The County of Gützkow , that was turned into a castellany when subdued by the Dukes of Pomerania .
Charleston is the oldest and second-largest city in the State of South Carolina, the county seat of Charleston County, and the principal city in the Charleston–North Charleston–Summerville Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Las Bela was a princely state in a subsidiary alliance with British India in the extreme southeast of the Balochistan region, with an extensive coastline on the Arabian Sea to the south .
Carlos Minc Baumfeld is a Brazilian geographer, professor, environmentalist, politician and Minister of Environment in Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva's second term as president of Brazil .
The Briad Group are based in Livingston, New Jersey with over 100 franchise locations in the United State under the brands T .
Drusilla of Mauretania may be the Drusilla mentioned by Tacitus as a granddaughter of Antonius and Cleopatra .
The California Republic was a short-lived, unrecognized state that, for a few weeks in 1846, militarily controlled the area to the north of the San Francisco Bay in the present-day state of California .
Virgin Unite is the working name of The Virgin Foundation, the independent charitable arm of the Virgin Group .
The County of Mark is — for the most part — merged in the present Ruhr area .
Guanajuato is a city and municipality in central Mexico and the capital of the state of the same name .
Paul Jacobs at the 53rd Grammy Awards in 2011 for his recording of Messiaen: Livre Du Saint-Sacrement .
Aker Philadelphia Shipyard, formerly Kværner Philadelphia Shipyard, is a commercial shipyard located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States on part of the site of the Philadelphia Naval Shipyard .
Rey or Ray [Pronunciation: rā] , as does the Encyclopædia Iranica published by Columbia University .
OJSC Kremenchukm'yaso is a Ukrainian Open Joint Stock Company that belongs to a Finances and Credit Group .
The Marshall Islands, officially the Republic of the Marshall Islands or the Assemblies of God .
Socorro Alicia ""Cory"" Rastrollo Quirino , born August 11, 1953, is a Filipina author, and television and radio host .
There is also another company, within the EURONEXT group, with the same name that is based in Portugal .
Diagonal View is a Multi Channel Network founded in March 2008 by Matt Heiman and Steve Carey, together with ITN .
The Kingdom of Cusco was a small kingdom in the Andes that began as a small city-state founded by the Incas around the 12th century .
Holly Throsby for 'Best Children's Album' for her alternative kid's album, See!; as well as a nomination as part of her band, Seeker Lover Keeper, with Sally Seltmann and Sarah Blasko .
The Viceroyalty of New Granada was the name given on 27 May 1717, to a Spanish colonial jurisdiction in northern South America, corresponding mainly to modern Colombia, Ecuador, Panama, and Venezuela .
Griqualand East , was one of four short-lived Griqua states in Southern Africa from the early 1860s until the late 1870s and was located between the Umzimkulu and Kinira Rivers, south of the Sotho Kingdom .
Davis Food City was a supermarket chain headquartered Houston, Texas, United States, founded in 1965 and closed in 2007 .
Edgardo Migriño Chatto , also known as Edgar Chatto, is a Filipino politician .
Rigatta SIA is a licensed Latvian telecommunications company that provides telephony and network support services in the Baltic states and Frankfurt .
Wem Brewing Company is a micro brewery in Wem Shropshire, established in 1988 that produces a range of ales .
Šibenik is a historic town in Croatia, located in central Dalmatia where the river Krka flows into the Adriatic Sea .
Alexey Ivanovich Borozdin was born on 29 March 1937 in the city of Kursk .
Ann Packer is an American novelist and short story writer, perhaps best known for her critically acclaimed first novel The Dive From Clausen's Pier .
The Duchy of Głogów was one of the Duchies of Silesia ruled by the Silesian Piasts .
Rosemary Altea is a British author who describes herself as a medium and healer .
Minsk , when it was noted as a provincial city within the principality of Polotsk .
The Mthethwa Paramountcy, sometimes referred to as the Mtetwa or Mthethwa Empire, was a Southern African state that arose in the 18th century south of Delagoa Bay and inland in eastern southern Africa .
İZBAN, sometimes referred to as Egeray, is a metropolitan rail system, which is in the process of being transformed from a historic commuter rail line, serving İzmir and its metropolitan area, into rapid transit-standards rail lines .
The Massachusetts Bay Colony was an English settlement on the east coast of North America , after which most of the natives in southern New England had been pacified, killed, or driven away .
Tony Fulton is a former member of the Nebraska Legislature from Lincoln, Nebraska, USA .
G'Five International Limited is a consumer electronics company registered in Hong Kong, based in the People's Republic of China .